
                              501 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            March 23, 2005 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

DRUG LOBBYISTS PUSH BITTER PILL ON TAXPAYERS

BYLINE: BY BILL HAMMOND

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 542 words


New York State could save hundreds of millions of dollars - and possibly improve
health care for the poor and disabled - by putting modest controls on the
prescription drugs available through its Medicaid program. But the program is
being stymied by what critics call Astroturf lobbying, as in grass-roots
lobbying with artificial grass.

The improvement comes in the form of a preferred drug list, or PDL, which would
steer patients away from costly brand-name drugs and toward less expensive
alternatives. Working New Yorkers with private insurance live with restrictions
like this every day.

The PDL concept is popular with Republicans and Democrats alike, and has the
support of major labor unions, groups representing the poor and the elderly and
the bean counters at the Citizens Budget Commission.

So why can't Albany get it done? Because of a very effective lobbying campaign
by the pharmaceutical companies.

The drug manufacturers typically work behind the scenes, contributing hundreds
of thousands of dollars to politicians and employing a small army of
well-connected lobbyists.

Meanwhile, they leave the public advocacy to health-oriented nonprofit groups,
such as the Latino Commission on AIDS and the Mental Health Association, which
also happen to receive grants from the big pharmaceuticals.

"It's another way to confuse the public on these issues," said Rachel Leon of
Common Cause/N.Y.

The groups involved acknowledge accepting the pharmaceutical cash, but deny that
it affects their policy positions.

Glenn Liebman of the Mental Health Association says the $10,000 his group has
received from drug companies so far this year amounts to less than 2% of his
overall budget.

The fact remains, however, that nearly all opponents of a preferred drug list
fall into two categories: the drug companies, and groups that receive money from
the drug companies.

Take the three groups that staged a news conference at the Capitol yesterday.
The Latino Commission on AIDS lists several drug companies, including
Bristol-Myers Squibb and Glaxo Smith Kline, as corporate donors. The Hispanic
Federation has a representative of Pfizer on its board. And the National Medical
Association, an organization of African-American doctors, is helping Pfizer
promote a discount program for the uninsured.

The groups in opposition argue that such a list will hurt their constituencies
by denying them access to certain medications. "We just feel very strongly it's
going to widen health disparities," said Lillian Rodriguez-Lopez of the Hispanic
Federation.

But it doesn't have to be that way.

Assembly Health Chairman Richard Gottfried - a Manhattan Democrat who is a
staunch defender of Medicaid recipients - promises that he would not accept a
PDL that doesn't give doctors the last word on which medications are best for
their patients.

HHHH

Capitol stuff: The downtrodden Republican minority in the state Assembly found a
creative way to inject themselves into this year's race for an on-time budget: a
countdown clock. It hangs in a Capitol hallway haunted by lobbyists, ticking off
the days, hours, minutes and seconds until midnight March 31, when the new
fiscal year begins. The color of the numbers, appropriately enough, is red.

whammond@nydailynews.com

ON MEDICAID

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN; OPINION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                              502 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 24, 2011 Monday
                                 Every Edition

LightSquared adds lobbyists from four firms to roster

BYLINE: Catherine Ho

SECTION: Pg. A18

LENGTH: 708 words


LightSquared, the Reston-based wireless startup financed by billionaire hedge
fund manager Philip Falcone, faces opposition from many quarters, including
defense and aviation groups, who say the company's plans to expand its 4G
network would interfere with the GPS spectrum and disrupt satellite services.

This month, LightSquared stepped up its lobbying efforts, hiring four firms -
K&L Gates, Gibson Dunn, Podesta Group and Shockey Scofield Solutions - to
advocate on its behalf. That brings the total number of new firms hired by
LightSquared in 2011 to nine.

American Continental Group, Ballard Spahr, Dickstein Shapiro, Gephardt Group and
Nethercutt Consulting have been retained since February, according to lobbying
registration records.

LightSquared has spent just over $1.6 million in lobbying fees so far this year,
according to disclosure records filed with the Senate. The company declined to
comment on its lobbying. Here's a look at the lobbyists it added in October:

GIBSON, DUNN & CRUTCHER

Michael Bopp

Bopp joined Gibson Dunn in 2008 from the Office of Management and Budget, where
he was associate director.  He has a long resume working on Capitol Hill and now
specializes in defending clients in congressional investigations. He co-chairs
Gibson Dunn's public policy practice group and leads the firm's congressional
investigations subgroup.

Samuel Dewey

Dewey is an associate in Gibson Dunn's litigation department. The 2009 Harvard
Law graduate represents white-collar clients in investigations before Congress
and the executive branch.

K&L GATES

Tim Peckinpaugh

Peckinpaugh, head of K&L Gates' Political Action Committee, previously served as
an aide to Rep. Sid Morrison (R-Wash.) and the House Science Committee. His
forte is political ethics and energy, science and technology issues.

James Walsh

The longtime New York congressman, who served as deputy Republican whip from
1994 to 2006, knows appropriations. As a member of the House Appropriations
Committee from 1993 to 2009, Walsh chaired subcommittees on the District of
Columbia, the legislative branch, veterans affairs, housing and urban
development, and independent agencies.

Amy Carnevale

Carnevale joined the firm in 2005 after a decade as chief of staff, adviser and
legislative director for Rep. George Nethercutt (R-Wash.). She previously worked
for the conservative strategy and advocacy group Project for the Republican
Future.

Edward Olivares

Olivares is a retired Army lieutenant colonel who helped lead the legislative
affairs program at the U.S. Special Operations Command. His focus is on defense,
homeland security policy and federal appropriations.

Nicholas Leibham

The former prosecutor, Capitol Hill aide, DNC regional director, and
Congressional candidate for a Southern California seat joined the firm in 2009.
Leibham was a senior aide for Rep. Gary Ackerman (D-NY) and deputy criminal
prosecutor for the San Diego City Attorney's office, and now represents
pharmaceutial and tech companies on energy and clean technology issues.

Dennis Potter

The former staff assistant for Sen. Phil Gramm (R-Texas) focuses on federal
policy and has represented companies and associations on energy, appropriations,
technology and defense issues.

PODESTA GROUP

Jim Dyer

Dyer is only two months into his tenure at Podesta, but the Capitol Hill veteran
and longtime Republican strategist has served in two White House administrations
(as deputy assistant for legislative affairs for Ronald Reagan and George H.W.
Bush) and as longtime staff director for the House Committee on Appropriations.
Dyer was previously a government affairs consultant at Hand Arendall and
director of Washington relations for Philip Morris. He led Clark & Weinstock's
appropriations practice for several years before jumping to Podesta this year.

SHOCKEY SCOFIELD SOLUTIONS

John Scofield

Scofield, who left Podesta earlier this year to co-found the two-man shop,
previously led the press offices of Sen. Mark Hatfield (R-Ore.), Rep. Frank
LoBiondo (R-NY) and the House Appropriations Committee.

Jeff Shockey

The former legislative director for Rep. Jerry Lewis (R-Calif.) and staff
director for the House Appropriations Committee previously lobbied at Copeland
Lowery Jacquez Denton & White.

hoc@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    July 11, 1990, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

Changing face of lobbying in U.S. could hit Canada

BYLINE: Samuel Slutsky

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 14, TAXES

LENGTH: 589 words


Lobbying for tax changes in the U.S. seems to be undergoing major evolutionary
development. Could this be a portent for developments in Canada?

Companies, by far the most advantaged - or disadvantaged - category of taxpayer
under both the Income Tax Act and the Internal Revenue Code, have always keenly
understood the benefits of influencing tax concessions.

The petroleum and mining industries, for example, have long been successful at
currying favor with Ottawa, with some justification. Risks are high, projects
carry substantial capital requirements and the development of Canada's natural
resources is key to a healthy economy. Armed with those irrefutable facts,
industry members and associations have worked assiduously to create beneficial
tax regimes.

In the U.S., there has always been a strong connection between political
donations and influence, evidenced by the notorious political action committee
method of organizing a particular lobby effort. Commonly refered to as the hard
sell, the use of contributions and PACs have been the stock in trade of
companies with an axe to grind.

The Wall Street Journal reported recently that Washington lobbying efforts now
favor alliances between commercial and noncommercial interests. This may have
something to do with the substantial reform measures that are washing over the
U.S. political campaign finance system. As a result, politicians may become less
keen to to be connected with favorable government concessions granted to
contributors to election campaigns.

A recent example of the new soft-sell approach was the delegation visiting
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Lloyd Bentsen to argue for permanent extension
of the controversial US$1-billion-a-year scientific research and development tax
credit. The senator had to face the logic of University of Houston professors
from his home state of Texas, rather than the normal self-interested delegation
of corporate head honchos.

This tax credit is estimated to save the IBMs and Hewlett Packards of the world
tens of millions of dollars a year.

New U.S. lobbying teams are now made up of a mixed bag of professionals - among
them tax lawyers, scholars and video production experts, and corporate and
academic researchers.

In Canada, the process of seeking tax changes has been both similar to and
different from the U.S. experience. Political donations, while important in
currying favor with governments, traditionally carry less weight than in the
U.S.

What is more important is knowing who is effective at introducing change in the
bureaucracy and having credibility with them. This is one of the reasons
accounting and legal firms participate in executive exchange programs with the
Department of Finance and Revenue Canada.

A recent example is Stephen Ruby, a senior tax partner with Fasken Campbell
Godfrey of Toronto, who has been seconded to the Department of Finance to help
develop rules on interest deductibility tax reform.

There will probably be hundreds of interest deductibility problems after reform
is implemented and Ruby will be invaluable in seeking resolutions to those
problems after he returns from Ottawa.

Professional lobby groups also rely heavily on knowing who is effective in
government. Though many lobby groups are weighed down with former politicians
and bureaucrats, their experience in getting things accomplished in government
is usually more important than any connections to the old boy network they were
once a part of.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.


                              504 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             April 22, 2002 Monday

For ex-lawmakers, capital connections can pay off quickly

BYLINE: Peter Nicholas Inquirer Washington Bureau

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 1066 words


WASHINGTON - After losing to Rick Santorum in the 2000 Pennsylvania Senate race,
Ron Klink had a problem: He needed to make money, but as a former member of
Congress he was barred from lobbying his colleagues for a full year.

Klink found a way to sidestep the ban. Nothing stops former members from sending
surrogates to lobby Congress. So, while Klink kept his distance from Capitol
Hill, associates in his lobbying practice would go "in my stead."

"It's dumb," Klink, who represented a suburban Pittsburgh district, said of the
ban. "There are a thousand different ways around it. If I hire someone and
they're from my office and they go to see [Philadelphia congressman] Bob Brady,
you think Bob Brady doesn't know that even though Ron isn't sitting there, it's
really Ron who's sitting there? You throw up a hurdle, and it doesn't do
anything."

Several House members from Pennsylvania and New Jersey who have left office in
recent years are now lobbying full- or part-time, using government contacts to
help win business, make introductions, or arrange meetings for clients.

Klink, his one-year hiatus now over, owns a firm called Bucephalus - named for
the horse Alexander the Great rode into battle. Through Brady's assistance, he
won a contract to lobby for Philadelphia International Airport.

Former Rep. Bob Franks, a Republican who lost successive bids for senator and
governor of New Jersey, is working part-time for a lobbying firm that hopes his
New Jersey ties will get the attention of the Environmental Protection Agency -
headed by former New Jersey governor and fellow Republican Christie Whitman.

Joseph McDade, a Scranton-area Republican who retired in 1999 after 36 years in
the House, is working through Brady in hopes of getting lobbying work from
Philadelphia Mayor Street's office. A former member of the Appropriations
defense subcommittee, McDade said he represented such major defense contractors
as Northrop Grumman.

What they are doing is by no means unusual. Every year, former members of
Congress and top aides spin through the revolving door into the lucrative world
of professional lobbying. More than 130 made the move in the last 14 months,
according to the lobbying trade publication Influence Online.

Lobbying restrictions on the books offer little hindrance. Bans are too short
and too easily circumvented, ethics groups say.

Yet there appears to be little appetite for an overhaul. The timing is poor,
coming so soon after the successful but exhausting effort to curb the flow of
unregulated "soft money" into political campaigns, good-government groups say.

"A lot of energy and oxygen were sucked out of the room on that issue," said
Meredith McGehee, senior vice president of Common Cause. "It's hard to take on
so many battles."

Sen. Russell D. Feingold (D., Wis.) sought in 1999 to lengthen the one-year
"cooling off" period for legislators to two years. But the measure was stripped
out of another bill in conference committee.

With or without the ban, former members of Congress enjoy a level of access that
other lobbyists cannot match. They can walk onto the floor, work out in the
House gymnasium, and eat in private congressional dining rooms.

"It really is a club, and members do treat other members exceptionally well -
and former members exceptionally well," Klink said.

Like any club, there are standards of behavior. House rules bar former members
from lobbying on the floor, but at least one congressman says it happens.

"I know plenty of former members who are lobbying and they get on the floor. All
the time," said Rep. Jim Greenwood (R., Pa.).

Greenwood said he would like to see alumni banned from the floor once they
become lobbyists. "Once you replace your role as an elected public servant with
that of registered lobbyist, you ought not have access to the people's chamber,"
he said.

Klink said he avoided lobbying members of Congress while in the gym. But a
workout can be a prelude to a meeting. "No one talks business in the gym," Klink
said. "That's social time. You might say to them, 'I'd like to come by your
office sometime. Who do I call? Give me your scheduler's name.' "

Many are happy to help. Brady said there was little he wouldn't do for a former
colleague, a feeling based on an inescapable fact: "We're going to be former
members. I don't know whether I'm going to lobby or not, but you want to show
that respect to people."

Brady has spoken to Klink about the airport contract, in which Klink's firm will
get up to $13,000 for helping secure federal funds to insulate surrounding homes
from airport noise.

"He comes down often," Brady said of Klink. "We like Ronny. He's doing
consulting. We absolutely, positively, without question show him that respect."

Brady also has called Street's secretary of external affairs, George Burrell, on
McDade's behalf. As yet, McDade has not lined up city lobbying business, but he
is hopeful. "I talked to McDade and hooked him up with the city," Brady said.
"Guess what? It's a good thing to do. If you're going to do some things in
Washington, you get a Joe McDade who's been there so long; there's nothing wrong
with that. It's smart politics."

Franks, who left Congress in January 2001, works about one day a week for the
Washington firm Valis Associates. But he has already snagged a new client for
the firm, Conti Environmental, a New Jersey company that does environmental
cleanup work.

Wayne Valis, who recruited Franks, said he was sending letters to Capitol Hill
announcing the former congressman is part of the firm. "He has tons of friends
in the executive branch," Valis said. "The whole EPA is populated by people from
New Jersey that are his friends. People like him."

Valis added: "He's liked by the governor [Whitman]. Bob and I met with her and
she likes him. Others there like him as well. . . . I'm going to be very sure to
guard that asset."

In an interview, Franks said Conti Environmental wanted more federal business.
He said he would try to make the EPA aware of the firm's history.

"I have never, nor would I ever ask them to hire someone," Franks said. "I
would, however, make certain that the characteristics of this particular
contractor were made known to the people who controlled that decision-making
process."

Contact Peter Nicholas at 202-383-6046 or pnicholas@krwashington.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                  Copyright 2002 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                            January 19, 2010 Tuesday

A Lobbyist Might Not Be a 'Lobbyist,' but Needs to Be Careful

BYLINE: C. Simon Davidson

SECTION: A QUESTION OF ETHICS

LENGTH: 939 words


Q: I am president of a trade association with a question about my need to
continue registering as a lobbyist. I read recently that Andy Stern, the
president of Service Employees International Union, no longer registers. I
presume this is because he does not meet the criteria triggering the need to
register. This made me wonder whether I meet the criteria, too. While I do lobby
government officials on behalf of my association, my job also involves lots of
activities other than lobbying. Stern is a pretty big power player, and if
someone like him does not qualify as a "lobbyist" under the law, maybe I don't
either. What do you think?

A: The issue of terminating lobbying registrations seems to be one that will not
go away. As the restrictions on registered lobbyists continued to pile up last
year, so did the number of lobbyists who terminated their registrations. Record
numbers of lobbyists de-registered, freeing themselves of the restrictions and
obligations that go along with registration. Many who, like yourself, are still
registering find themselves wondering why.

In the case of SEIU President Andy Stern, he stopped registering as a lobbyist
in 2007. Two advocacy groups have requested an investigation regarding whether
Stern should have resumed registering as a lobbyist last year. In a November
2009 letter to federal prosecutors and Congressional officials, the groups
Americans for Tax Reform and the Alliance for Worker Freedom allege that Stern
lobbied extensively in 2009. The letter cites 22 visits by Stern to the White
House between January and August 2009, more often than anyone else who visited
the White House during that time period. It also includes news reports of
Stern's lobbying, as well as quotes from Stern's Twitter account that appear to
reveal instances of lobbying. For example, Stern wrote: "Lobbying with Mayor
Bloomberg on health care. Leaving Senator Snowe."

Yet, lobbying contacts alone would not have been enough to require Stern to
register as a lobbyist. No matter how many such contacts Stern may have made in
2009, the Lobbying Disclosure Act would not have required him to register unless
"lobbying activities" consumed at least 20 percent of Stern's time at SEIU
during a relevant registration period. Presumably, Stern's duties as president
of SEIU involve much more than just lobbying. From the advocacy groups' letter,
it is impossible to discern whether Stern's lobbying activities consumed 20
percent of his time.

Thus, not all lobbyists are "lobbyists." Put another way, not everyone who
lobbies government officials qualifies as a "lobbyist" under the Lobbying
Disclosure Act. To determine whether you qualify as a lobbyist and therefore
still need to register, each quarter you must assess how much time you spend on
"lobbying activities." If you spent at least 20 percent of your time on such
activities in the prior quarter or you expect to spend at least 20 percent of
your time on such activities in the upcoming quarter, then you must register as
a lobbyist for your trade association.

So, what are "lobbying activities"? Under the act, they include not just
lobbying contacts themselves but also "efforts in support of such contacts,
including background work that is intended, at the time it is performed, for use
in contacts, and coordination with the lobbying activities of others." Official
guidance states that if the intent of the work is to support ongoing and future
lobbying, then it counts as a lobbying activity. In addition, work such as
reporting or monitoring that occurs at a time when future lobbying contacts are
contemplated counts as "lobbying activity."

How do you know whether you spend at least 20 percent of your time on lobbying
activities? Unless it is obvious that you do not spend that much time doing so,
the only way to know for sure is to monitor your time and keep a record of all
of your activities that qualify as lobbying activities. This would be an
especially good idea if you were actually contemplating terminating your
registration. While the law imposes no formal record-keeping requirement with
respect to lobbying activities, Stern's case is a good reminder of the value of
record-keeping, particularly for people who do some lobbying but do not
register. If Stern does face the investigation requested by the advocacy groups,
good records of his time will make it much easier to demonstrate that he spent
less than 20 percent of his time on lobbying activities, assuming that is the
case.

In part because of the difficulty in applying the 20 percent threshold and the
vague definition of "lobbying activities," some lobbyists think the threshold
needs to go. Dave Wenhold, president of the American League of Lobbyists,
advocates such a position. He says that significantly lowering the threshold
would increase transparency and remove an avenue for lobbyists to evade
registration. According to Wenhold, "If it walks like a duck and talks like a
duck, it should be registered as a duck."

For now, however, you should take the threshold seriously. There are stiff
penalties for failing to register. Civil fines for knowingly failing to register
can be as much as $200,000. Worse, those who "knowingly and corruptly" fail to
register face criminal liability, including up to five years in jail.
Registration is a pain, I know. But, while I've never been to jail, I imagine it
is worse. In short, be careful. Improperly terminating your registration could
just take you out of the frying pan and into the fire.

C. Simon Davidson is a partner with the law firm McGuireWoods LLP. Readers
should not treat his column as legal advice.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 Roll Call, Inc.


                              506 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 17, 1999, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Nighttime awakening led to day of reckoning

BYLINE: William M. Welch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 1390 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON

At 2 a.m. last Dec. 19, Republican Bob Livingston awoke with a
start and made a decision, prompted by his own scandal of infidelity.
He would resign from Congress, rather than become speaker of the
House of Representatives, and he would challenge President Clinton
to quit as well.

"In the middle of the night, I just realized that . . . I
couldn't very well expect him to do it, to resign, unless I was
prepared to show him how," recalls Livingston, the former Louisiana
congressman who almost became speaker.

He got out of bed and penned his challenge into the typed speech
he had prepared to deliver to the House before it voted to impeach
the president. When the sun rose that Saturday morning, Livingston
stunned House colleagues and the political world when he spoke
those words.


"You have done great damage to the nation," he said, directing
his words to Clinton. "You sir, may resign your post." He paused
while a murmur of boos arose from Democrats, then added dramatically:
"I can only challenge you in such fashion if I am willing to
heed my own words."

Clinton, of course, ignored Livingston's public invitation and
remained in the White House after his acquittal by the Senate.

Livingston followed his own advice, however, leaving not just
the Republican leadership but Congress itself.

A year after that "week from hell," as Livingston now refers
to it, the former chairman of the House Appropriations Committee
has survived his fall from grace very nicely indeed. He works
out of a corner suite just south of the Capitol, with a fine view
of his old office and the dome he labored under for 22 years.

"The minute. The hour. The month. The year. It was tough," Livingston
says, recalling his fall from power. "But I landed on my feet."

Like many other former government officials, Livingston, 56, has
gone into the lobbying business, getting paid to influence his
former colleagues on Capitol Hill.

Ethics laws prevent him from lobbying members of Congress until
March 1. But that has hardly slowed him. Livingston has hired
some of his old congressional staffers who can lobby without restriction,
and he has accumulated at least two dozen clients.

Many are Louisiana-based corporations willing to pay tens of thousands
of dollars for his help securing federal contracts through the
appropriations panel, where Livingston once wielded an alligator-skinning
knife to begin budget cuts.

Lobbying for shipyards, computer companies, universities and local
governments is proving profitable. He's making more money now
than the $ 136,700 a year he earned in Congress. A lot more, he
acknowledges after a long pause.

Federal lobbying reports present only a rough picture of his business,
but during the first half of this year, his firm signed up 24
clients who were billed as much as $ 350,000.

One of his lobbying clients, Avondale Industries, runs the New
Orleans shipyard where Livingston worked his way through Tulane
University.

Seared by scandal

Livingston, who helped topple former Speaker Newt Gingrich from
power before his own fall, has nevertheless been seared by the
intense heat of scrutiny and scandal that he never saw coming.

Livingston decided to quit after learning that magazine publisher
Larry Flynt planned to publish a story in Hustler with
the embarrassing disclosure that the speaker-to-be had conducted
adulterous affairs.

He was informed of Flynt's plans just days before the House was
to vote on Clinton's impeachment and spent the rest of the week
agonizing. It wasn't until that early morning hour that he figured
out what he had to say and do.

The week after his stunning speech, Livingston and his wife, Bonnie,
spent a miserable Christmas. But his marriage of 34 years survived,
and Livingston says he and his wife, who have four grown children,
had confronted those issues on a personal level before the
scandal broke.

"We had faced that. It was over," he says. "We just didn't
think we'd read about it in every damn newspaper in the world.
We certainly didn't think it would make heroes out of pornographers."

He didn't really expect Clinton would follow his lead and step
aside, either. He still thinks the president should have quit.
But he has no regrets about his own decision.

"No, I did the right thing," Livingston says. "Would it have
been nice to have been speaker? Of course. I worked 22 years in
the United States Congress. It would have been the crowning glory
of what I believe to have been a wonderful career. Other than
feeling a little bit wistful about that, I feel very comfortable
with myself, and I can sleep at night knowing that I did what
I believe to be the right thing. And conversely, the other guy
didn't."

Livingston has a harsh judgment of that other guy, Clinton. "He
squandered his legacy," Livingston says. "He will not be dealt
with well by history."

Critical errors

Livingston's departure was a blow to House Republicans, who had
rallied around him in the aftermath of the November 1998 elections,
when they lost five seats and nearly lost the majority.

Livingston was angry at the turn of events and leaped to challenge
Gingrich for speaker. Gingrich, the visionary who led Republicans
to a House majority but perpetually talked his way into political
trouble, swiftly withdrew.

Livingston says congressional Republicans made major, critical
errors in their prosecution and impeachment of Clinton, and that
led to their stunning loss of seats.

A former federal and local prosecutor, Livingston says Republicans
blundered badly when they took independent counsel Ken Starr's
truckload of evidence against Clinton and dumped it into the public
record instantaneously via the Internet. A real prosecutor, he
says, puts out only the best, most relevant evidence and locks
the rest away.

"I think the American people came to the conclusion that that
was innately unfair," he says. "And I agree with that. It was
unfair."

The passing of time has changed much for others in that drama.
Gingrich, a year later, has been forced to disclose through divorce
proceedings with his wife, Marianne, that he conducted an affair
of his own with a congressional staffer going back over five years.
Thus, while House Republicans were prosecuting Clinton for alleged
law-breaking stemming from an affair with a White House intern,
their leader and his chosen successor had their own scandals hidden
from view.

Livingston says he still considers Gingrich a friend, although
Gingrich might not view it that way. "How could I talk about
that?" he says, of Gingrich's personal disclosures.

Congressional Republicans are planning to celebrate another anniversary
next month, the fifth year of their rise to a House majority after
40 years in the minority. Some have shunned Gingrich, who says
he wouldn't attend anyway.

Livingston says, "If they invite me, I'll go." But so far, he
says, House Republicans haven't asked him.

Strategy adopted

Congress ended this year with another fight over the budget that
saw Republicans seizing a new strategy: arguing that they were
trying to stop spending the part of the federal budget surplus
generated by Social Security.

It was a strategy that Livingston suggested in the weeks he was
preparing to become speaker last year, but which his colleagues
didn't rally around until after he was gone.

Although they might have fallen a bit short of their goal, Livingston
takes pride that his idea was adopted. He says things have worked
out well for him, despite everything. He and his wife celebrated
the birth of their first grandchild this year, and he is philosophical
about the end of his political career.

"The time came, the cards turned bad and the price of poker went
up. It was time to go on to something else. So you make the most
of it," he says.

"I've got a great wife of 34 years who has suffered through this
much more than I. And I honestly feel I can take anything anybody
throws at me anytime in the rest of my life.

"I offer no great bitterness to anybody. I'm having fun. I'm
making money. I'm living well. And if anybody feels bad about
that, that's their problem and not mine."



LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY; Bob Livingston: The former
Louisiana congressman is now in the lobbying business, working out of a corner
suite just south of the Capitol. He has a view of his old office and the dome he
labored under for 22 years.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              507 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 14, 1999, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Philip Morris Revises Report On Lobbying

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1554 words


The world's largest cigarette maker, which has repeatedly fended off
anti-smoking measures in Albany in recent years, has acknowledged that it
violated New York's lobbying law by underreporting its spending on gifts for
legislators -- from lobster-and-chardonnay dinners to tickets for the United
States Open tennis tournament.

The company, Philip Morris, responded to an investigation by the state lobbying
commission by submitting new disclosure statements on Friday that reveal more
details of its lobbying in Albany from 1996 through 1998. While Philip Morris
apparently hopes that the revisions will help bring the inquiry to an end, the
commission is continuing to examine the company's lobbying and is expected to
take the rare step of issuing subpoenas for company records.

If the panel finds that the amended statements are not accurate, it could impose
fines against the company.

It was not clear yesterday how much new information is in the amended
statements. Though Tara Carraro, a spokeswoman for Philip Morris, and David M.
Grandeau, the commission's executive director, confirmed that the company had
submitted the new records, both declined to comment further or to release the
records, because the inquiry is continuing.

Ms. Carraro also declined to discuss whether the company had halted its practice
of routinely bestowing gifts on lawmakers, including whether any legislators
attended this year's United States Open or other recent sporting events as
guests of Philip Morris. (In one month in 1994, the company handed out $2,158.95
in Yankees and Mets tickets.)

The lobbying rules are intended to insure that the public is aware of how much
money is spent trying to influence state government. They generally require that
lobbyists and clients disclose their total expenditures on lobbying in Albany,
as well as individual expenditures of $75 or more.

Philip Morris has long been one of the biggest spenders on lobbying in Albany.
Yet its activities have rarely come under scrutiny, because the disclosure
requirements are relatively lax and there is usually little enforcement of what
rules do exist. But buried in the millions of pages of internal documents that
the company was required to submit in the recent spate of anti-smoking
litigation were records that offer a look at the lengths it goes to in courting
lawmakers in New York.

Based on those records, The New York Times reported in July that at least 115
current and former members of the 211-person Legislature had accepted gifts from
Philip Morris from 1993 through 1996. Anti-smoking groups asserted that the
tally underscores why the company last suffered a major defeat in Albany in
1993, when the state raised the cigarette tax, even as other states have moved
more aggressively against smoking.

Several lawmakers who received the gifts dismissed the criticism, saying it was
ridiculous to suggest that they would be swayed by a meal at a fancy restaurant.

"I have been around long enough to know that that doesn't matter as far as my
vote is concerned," said Assemblyman Joseph R. Lentol, a Brooklyn Democrat who
is chairman of the powerful Codes Committee. "Would it cause some type of
perception problem? I guess it might, if you look at it from a negative
perspective."

In response to the article in The Times, the commission, formally known as the
New York Temporary State Commission on Lobbying, opened an investigation to
determine whether Philip Morris had broken the disclosure rules. The commission
has often been perceived as a feeble enforcement agency because it has received
limited powers from the Legislature, but it does not appear to be shying away
from looking at Philip Morris.

The panel generally limits its purview to the last three years, which is why the
Philip Morris revisions filed on Friday covered 1996 through 1998, officials
said.

Some critics of the current law said the company's admission demonstrated that
the lobbying law must be overhauled. The law, which dates from the 1970's,
expires at the end of the year, and in July, the Legislature had been moving to
renew it without changes. But after the article in The Times, legislative
leaders reversed course and put off the renewal, saying that they would consider
strengthening the law at a special legislative session in November or December.

Under the current law, companies or people who are investigated by the lobbying
commission can avoid penalties by correcting their disclosure statements. Once
they make those amendments, though, they can face penalties if the revisions are
found to be false.

Supporters of a tougher law maintain that by allowing such changes without
penalties, the law offers little incentive to follow the rules in the first
place.

"The fact that Philip Morris was so brazen about this showed that they obviously
didn't have any worries about being caught," said Assemblyman Alexander B.
Grannis, a Manhattan Democrat who is a leading proponent of new lobbying
restrictions.

The disclosures about the Philip Morris gifts have also raised questions about
whether the company and some lawmakers broke the separate state ethics law.
Legislators are barred from accepting gifts of more than $75 if they are
intended as a reward or to influence decisions.

But such intent is difficult to prove, even though the company gave tickets to
lawmakers on numerous occasions that are worth more than $75 in total.

Since the law was approved in the late 1980's, the Legislative Ethics Committee,
which works in secret, has never punished a legislator for violating the gift
provisions, officials said.

While Congress and other states have tightened restrictions on gifts, the New
York Legislature has declined to follow suit. The House of Representatives, for
example, approved rules in 1995 that bar members from accepting virtually all
gifts, including meals from lobbyists.

Recipients Named By Phillip Morris

From 1993 through 1996, at least 115 members in the 211-person New York
Legislature accepted gifts from Philip Morris, the world's largest cigarette
maker, ranging from expensive dinners to tickets for sporting and cultural
events. The names of the lawmakers were culled from internal records that the
company was required to submit in anti-smoking litigation. Here are the
lawmakers currently in office who received gifts.

NEW YORK CITY

SENATE
Martin Connor, (D) Brooklyn
Efrain Gonzalez Jr., (D) Bronx
Serphin R. Maltese, (R) Queens
Marty Markowitz, (D) Brooklyn
Olga A. Mendez, (D) Bronx
Velmanette Montgomery, (D) Brooklyn
George Onorato, (D) Queens
David A. Paterson, (D) Manhattan
Larry B. Seabrook, (D) Bronx
Ada L. Smith, (D) Brooklyn
Guy J. Velella, (R) Bronx
Alton R. Waldon Jr., (D) Queens

ASSEMBLY
Peter J. Abbate Jr., (D) Brooklyn
William F. Boyland, (D) Brooklyn
Vivian E. Cook, (D) Queens
Gloria Davis, (D) Bronx
Aurelia Greene, (D) Bronx
Edward Griffith, (D) Brooklyn
Stephen B. Kaufman, (D) Bronx
Jeffrey Klein, (D) Bronx
Ivan C. Lafayette, (D) Queens
Joseph R. Lentol, (D) Brooklyn
Vito J. Lopez, (D) Brooklyn
Brian M. McLaughlin, (D) Queens
Audrey I. Pheffer, (D) Queens
Roberto Ramirez, (D) Bronx
Sheldon Silver, (D) Manhattan
Robert A. Straniere, (R) Staten Island
Edward C. Sullivan, (D) Manhattan
Darryl C. Towns, (D) Brooklyn
Eric N. Vitaliano, (D) Staten Island
Helene E. Weinstein, (D) Brooklyn
Keith L. Wright, (D) Manhattan

SUBURBS

SENATE

Michael A. L. Balboni, (R) Nassau
Kemp Hannon (R), Nassau
Owen H. Johnson, (R) Suffolk
James J. Lack, (R) Suffolk
Dean G. Skelos, (R) Nassau
Nicholas A. Spano, (R) Westchester
Caesar Trunzo, (R) Suffolk

ASSEMBLY

Patricia L. Acampora, (R) Suffolk
Thomas F. Barraga, (R) Suffolk
Philip M. Boyle, (R) Suffolk
Richard L. Brodsky, (D) Westchester
Thomas P. DiNapoli, (D) Nassau
Steven Englebright, (D) Suffolk
John Flanagan Jr., (R) Suffolk
Marc Herbst, (R) Nassau
Earlene H. Hill, (D) Nassau
Debra J. Mazzarelli, (D) Suffolk
James Gary Pretlow, (D) Westchester
Michael J. Spano, (R) Westchester
Fred W. Thiele Jr., (R) Suffolk
Ronald C. Tocci, (D) Westchester
Robert C. Wertz, (R) Suffolk

UPSTATE

SENATE

James S. Alesi, (R) Monroe
Joseph L. Bruno, (R) Rensselaer
John A. DeFrancisco, (R) Onondaga
Hugh T. Farley, (R) Schenectady
Nancy Larraine Hoffmann, (R) Madison
John R. Kuhl Jr., (R) Chemung
William J. Larkin Jr., (R) Orange
Vincent L. Leibell, (R) Putnam
Thomas W. Libous, (R) Broome
Michael F. Nozzolio, (R) Seneca
Stephen M. Saland, (R) Columbia
James L. Seward, (R) Cortland
William T. Stachowski, (D) Erie
Ronald B. Stafford, (R) Clinton
Dale M. Volker, (R) Wyoming
James W. Wright, (R) Jefferson

ASSEMBLY

Michael J. Bragman, (D) Onondaga
Nancy Calhoun, (R) Rockland
Ronald J. Canestrari, (D) Albany
Pat M. Casale, (R) Rensselaer
RoAnn M. Destito, (D) Oneida
Jay J. Dinga, (R) Broome
David F. Gantt, (D) Monroe
Thomas J. Kirwan, (R) Dutchess
Joel Miller, (R) Dutchess
Charles H. Nesbitt, (R) Orleans
H. Robert Nortz, (R) Jefferson
Robert C. Oaks, (R) Seneca
Chris Ortloff, (R) Clinton
Robin L. Schimminger, (D) Erie
David E. Seaman, (R) Niagara
Willis H. Stephens Jr., (R) Putnam
Frances T. Sullivan, (R) Oswego
George H. Winner Jr., (R) Chemung

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: List

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              508 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                             March 12, 2013 Tuesday

Brown: I won't be lobbyist at Nixon Peabody

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 1029 words


By Andy Metzger

State House News Service

BOSTON -- Equipped with firsthand knowledge of how government operates in
Washington, D.C., and on Beacon Hill, Scott Brown will offer political advice in
his new job as an attorney at Nixon Peabody but says he doesn't plan on lobbying
.

The international law firm, with an office in Boston's Financial District,
announced the hiring of the former Republican U.S. senator Monday, and in a
subsequent news conference, Brown did not rule out future runs for office.

"I'm not really going to focus on my political future. Certainly it's something
that I've enjoyed doing for the last 15 or so years. It was the greatest honor
that I ever had, to be a United States senator and represent the people of
Massachusetts," Brown said. "Not quite sure what the future holds. I'll make
that announcement, I would think, in a while."

At Nixon Peabody, Brown will focus on "business and governmental affairs as they
relate to the financial-services industry as well as on commercial real-estate
matters," according to a press release from the law firm, which Brown
distinguished from lobbying at a press conference.

"Obviously, I have a prohibition from lobbying members of Congress for two
years, so I can't lobby members of Congress, but certainly I can instruct the
firm on their making an approach and trying to do something -- the pitfalls and
potential problem areas -- so they can make good decisions moving forward,"
Brown said.

He also said, "I'm not a lobbyist. I don't plan on lobbying. I'll be dealing in
a whole host of areas. Don't forget that I've been an attorney since 1985. I
have a wide range of general practice."

Brown said he would be able to share his "expertise" in "the jungle of
Washington politics."

While Brown said his focus would be on lawyering, not lobbying, the left-wing
media watchdog Media Matters pounced on the announcement, noting that Nixon
Peabody's top lobbying clients include the Council on Affordable Housing & Rural
Development, Sallie Mae, the Monroe County Water Authority, Wegmans Food
Markets, and Goldman Sachs.

In Massachusetts in 2012, according to the Secretary of the Commonwealth's
website, the firm lobbied on behalf of Wegmans, Parkmobile USA, and Converse --
which recently announced plans to move into a soon-to-be redeveloped site on the
North End waterfront.

A Republican who played up his independent and bipartisan credentials, Brown
caught Democrats unawares, winning a special election for U.S. Senate in January
2010 before being defeated last November by U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren. After
announcing he would not run in another special election for the Senate seat
vacated by Secretary of State John Kerry, Brown joined Fox News Channel as a
commentator. Brown has also joined the board of Kadant, a Westford manufacturing
company. Media Matters described Brown's move to Fox as following a "well-worn
path of other Fox-favored candidates."

Asked about the potential for him running for Senate in New Hampshire, Brown
joked that he was also "signing a 10-day contract" with the Boston Celtics, but
the former high-school basketball player turned pol left the door open to a run,
even in the Granite State.

"It's something I read about, actually, and was a little bit surprised about,"
Brown said of the potential run in New Hampshire. "Certainly my mom lives there;
my sister lives there; I have a house there; and I have a lot of good feelings
about New Hampshire. But Massachusetts is my home, and if I do anything in the
future it will most likely be in Massachusetts."

Brown said he would make an endorsement in the special Senate race to replace
Kerry after the primary and said he would have had a good chance in that race,
but declined to comment on the field.

"I felt I would have had a better-than-reasonable shot at winning," Brown said,
mentioning that he did not like the prospect of raising the $30 million to $50
million he thought he would need.

Businessman Gabriel Gomez of Cohasset, former U.S. Attorney Michael Sullivan of
Abington and Rep. Dan Winslow of Norfolk are competing for the Republican
nomination in the Senate race.

A potential candidate in an open governor's race in 2014, Brown will join his
former colleague in the state Legislature and "dear friend," James Vallee, a
Democrat and a former majority leader, who left the Legislature for Nixon
Peabody last year.

"I'm the godfather to his son, so we have a relationship," said Brown. "I've
been learning and understanding the opportunities within Nixon Peabody,
certainly my ability to bring that bipartisan problem-solving to this firm."

Vallee and Brown are both officers in the National Guard, and are from roughly
the same part of the state, with Vallee making his home in Franklin and Brown
living in next-door Wrentham.

Brown also said Nixon Peabody would afford him the time to focus on his other
pursuits, including television appearances.

"For now, Nixon Peabody has provided me with the flexibility that I need to
continue on with my work at Fox and also speaking and doing things that I enjoy
doing," he said.

"Scott's ability to connect people with opportunities is an excellent fit with
Nixon Peabody's culture and strategic priorities," Andrew Glincher, CEO and
managing partner of Nixon Peabody said in a statement. "As we anticipate the
future needs of our clients, we are always looking for innovative ways to add
value. Scott's personality and entrepreneurial spirit will build strong
relationships."

In her successful Senate campaign, Warren portrayed Brown as someone who had the
best interests of Wall Street at heart. The law firm's Boston office overlooks
the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston and the Great Blue Hills beyond. Speaking at
an office on the 25th floor, Brown indicated he would be open to all manner of
clients.

"Anybody who wants to come in the door, and get a good value for their dollar,"
Brown said.

Brown said he believes his wife, former WCVB television reporter Gail Huff,
would be seeking to get back into television journalism.

"She's going to be looking to, I'm presuming, get back into that field," said
Brown, who described his wife as a "hard-working, energetic, fair reporter."

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 7, 2016 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Iraqi Kurds Build a Lobbying Machine in Washington to Fight ISIS at Home

BYLINE: By ERIC LIPTON

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1541 words


WASHINGTON -- The marble-floored atrium at the office of Dentons, a prominent
law and lobbying firm, is a popular venue for the capital's elite to gather for
political fund-raisers and ritzy receptions for corporate clients.

But the featured guest one recent evening was not a member of Congress or a
company executive. It was Qubad Talabani, the deputy prime minister of the
regional government of Kurdistan, the financially struggling region in northern
Iraq that is desperately looking for ways to pay for its war effort against the
Islamic State after its economy was decimated by the global drop in oil prices
and a surge of refugees.

''You cannot win a war bankrupt,'' Mr. Talabani said in an interview. ''If we
are the boots on the ground against ISIS, we have to be supported to stand on
our own feet.''

Washington is bloated with thousands of special pleaders, most of whom want to
push or derail legislation or a regulation. But Mr. Talabani's visit -- which
included meetings with officials from the White House, State Department,
Pentagon and on Capitol Hill -- came with a decidedly different agenda: seeking
money to finance a foreign war.

Updated @SenTomCotton on Kurdistan's stand against ISIS and needs of #Peshmerga
for weapons and financial assistance pic.twitter.com/Y8Qd9fouPR -- KRG-USA
(@KRG_USA) April 13, 2016

Mr. Talabani and the small delegation that Kurdistan has in Washington have used
tactics similar to those of corporations that spend millions of dollars to
grease the levers of power, retaining five firms to push its cause. They have
been effective, winning over a rare combination of military hawks, conservative
Republicans and a collection of liberal Democrats in Congress. More important,
they secured a commitment late last month for $415 million in additional aid to
support the Kurds' pesh merga militia force.

''They are willing to fight,'' said Representative Gerald E. Connolly, Democrat
of Virginia, who is a member of the Kurdish-American Congressional Caucus, which
the lobbying team helped set up in the House. ''They are the only group that has
had consistent battlefield success.''

Kurdish officials say they will continue to press for additional money for
ammunition, armored vehicles and protective gear against chemical weapons,
requests that lawmakers say they are looking for ways to accommodate.

What is perhaps more notable is that the Kurds are succeeding even in a climate
of austerity on Capitol Hill. The relative stability in Kurdistan and in its
capital, Erbil, contrasted with the continuing chaos in Baghdad -- highlighted
by the storming last Saturday of the Iraqi Parliament building by protesters --
has only enhanced the clout of the Kurds in Washington. But it is also an area
of a continued threat, including to American military forces there, with one
American service member killed by enemy fire near Erbil on Tuesday during a
clash with the Islamic State.

''I am prepared to do whatever I can to support your noble efforts,''
Representative Trent Franks, Republican of Arizona, told a gathering of Kurdish
officials on Capitol Hill late last month. ''We are not going to quit.''

The cash crunch in Kurdistan -- so severe that the government fell behind in
payments to the pesh merga forces -- has complicated the lobbying effort,
meaning that some of the firms have been paid less than specified in their
contracts. Dentons, for instance, collected just $5,000 a month during parts of
last year instead of the $20,000 a month called for in its contract.

But the lobbying pitch has, if anything, only intensified. Disclosure records
filed with the Justice Department show more than 2,300 contacts with members of
Congress -- emails, telephone calls, meetings and other events -- just in the
last half of 2015, including private conversations with at least six United
States senators.

The campaign, taking place at the same time as Kurdistan is planning a
referendum on a proposal to establish itself as a nation independent from Iraq,
has created tensions between Washington and Baghdad. Iraqi officials are engaged
in their own diplomatic effort, backed by another high-priced Washington
lobbying firm, the Podesta Group.

In addition to the push for more money for their military, the Kurds and their
lobbyists recently persuaded the United States to remove two of Kurdistan's
prominent political parties from a list of potential terrorist groups.

Kurdistan is not entitled to have an official embassy in Washington; its small
but well-connected team instead operates out of an embassy-like townhouse a few
blocks from the White House that displays flags from both Iraq and Kurdistan.

Delegation led by @qubadjt met with officials from White House National Security
Council pic.twitter.com/cWljgjnxWH -- KRG-USA (@KRG_USA) April 12, 2016

''We have to punch above our weight,'' said Bayan Sami Abdul Rahman, the head of
the Washington-based delegation, who like Mr. Talabani was educated in Britain,
and speaks with a British accent. ''We have no choice.''

The Kurdish lobbying team in Washington mobilized last summer. A series of
private meetings were set up with lawmakers including Senator John McCain,
Republican of Arizona, and Senator Joe Manchin III, Democrat of West Virginia,
as the lobbyists and the Kurdish delegation attempted to line up votes for a
Senate proposal to provide direct military support to the Kurds, bypassing
Baghdad.

The Obama administration objected to the proposal. But the measure was popular
enough to win 54 votes, just a few short of the 60 it needed to move ahead,
sending a clear sign that the Kurds had wide congressional support.

Thanked @SenFeinstein for continued support & talked opportunities for further
efforst to assist KRG against Daesh pic.twitter.com/rapuFwTO1L -- KRG-USA (@KRG_
USA) April 13, 2016

''It is easy for the Kurds to make the case as more people in the United States
now recognize who the Kurds are and what they are doing,'' said David M. Tafuri,
a former State Department official who helps lead the Dentons team lobbying for
Kurdistan. ''So it is easier for them to get an audience in Washington.''

Besides Dentons, the lobbying team includes Ed Rogers, a Republican and former
White House aide who is a founder of the BGR Group, and Joe R. Reeder, a former
under secretary of the Army during the Clinton administration who is now at the
lobbying firm Greenberg Traurig.

Kurdistan, which until the drop in oil prices had seen its revenues surge in
recent years as it increased exports of oil through a pipeline connecting the
region to Turkey, has spent nearly $6 million on outside lobbyists and public
relations firms in Washington since 2010, far more than countries like
Kazakhstan and Pakistan.

The Washington-based team of Kurds, led by Ms. Abdul Rahman and an employee
assigned to focus on lobbying, Remziya Suleyman, have their own personal stories
of hardship.

Ms. Abdul Rahman's father and brother were killed in 2004 during a bombing in
Erbil. Ms. Suleyman was 3 when her family fled Kurdistan in 1988 to escape
chemical attacks carried out under Saddam Hussein.

To bolster the effort, the Kurdistan government has sent a stream of top
officials to Washington, including Mr. Talabani, as well as Sherzad O. Mamsani,
who was recently named as Kurdistan's first director of Jewish affairs in an
open appeal to build support in Israel for the Kurdish effort.

Already, the Kurds have started to receive some behind-the-scenes support from
political consultants who work on Israel's behalf in Washington and who see the
Kurds -- a minority group that like the Jews have at times been targeted for
persecution by Arabs in the Middle East -- as an unusual but potentially
important ally.

It is a delicate relationship, Ms. Abdul Rahman agreed, because the Kurds cannot
appear to be too closely aligned with Israel without causing tensions with
neighbors like Iran.

''Here in Washington, if the pro-Jewish and pro-Israel interests see the Kurds
are a friend of the Jewish community, it could lead to Congress being even more
forceful in its support of the Kurdish Regional Government,'' said Zach D. Huff,
a political consultant who traveled to Washington from Israel in April to help
the Kurdish lobbying effort, a visit that included a meeting with the powerful,
American Israel Public Affairs Committee, to ask for its assistance.

Just last month, two House lawmakers -- Representatives Ileana Ros-Lehtinen,
Republican of Florida, and Brad Sherman, Democrat of California -- both known as
strong supporters of Israel, introduced their own resolution, asking the State
Department to send military assistance to the Kurds.

Not to be outdone, Mr. Franks, who more typically is focused on finding ways to
cut federal spending, moved to reintroduce legislation authorizing the Pentagon
to deliver weapons directly to the pesh merga, bypassing Baghdad, and setting up
what will most likely be another clash with the Obama administration.

''My priorities?'' Mr. Franks said. ''Assisting our allies, the Kurds, in their
fight against ISIS.''

Follow The New York Times's politics and Washington coverage on Facebook and
Twitter, and sign up for the First Draft politics newsletter.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/07/us/politics/iraqi-kurds-build-washington-
lobbying-machine-against-isis.html

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Qubad Talabani, center, a deputy prime minister of the
Kurdistan Regional Government, leads lobbying efforts in Washington. At right,
Representative Trent Franks, Republican of Arizona, wears a Kurdish flag pin to
show support for the Kurds. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY STEPHEN CROWLEY/THE NEW YORK TIMES
 DREW ANGERER FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              510 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            March 6, 2013 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Canada intensifies U.S. lobbying campaign

BYLINE: William Marsden, Postmedia News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 375 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


As the decision on the Keystone XL pipeline nears, Canadian governments have
launched an intense if not desperate lobbying campaign in the United States
designed to persuade influential American politicians and industrial leaders
that the pipeline is vital for U.S. security and economic interests and is also
an environmentally responsible energy source.

The goal is to counter the rising influence of environmental groups such as the
prominent Sierra Club and 350.org, whose leaders have lobbied vigorously to try
to kill the 1,800-kilometre pipeline that will transport oil-sands bitumen from
Alberta and shale oil from Montana and North Dakota to Texas refineries.

Environmentalists have succeeded in changing the debate from one of purely
economic and energy security issues to the environment, forcing Canada to
justify its record on boreal forest destruction and on greenhouse gas (GHG)
reductions.

Joe Oliver, Canada's natural resources minister, was in Chicago Tuesday and in
Houston Wednesday, where he will speak to the IHS Cambridge Energy Research
Associates' annual conference.

In a conference call with reporters, Oliver said he also hopes to meet with U.S.
President Barack Obama's choice for energy minister, Ernest Moniz, after his
confirmation.

Oliver dismissed the possibility that Canadian lobbying could become counter
productive, claiming Canada has to "put the facts out" and that its lobbying is
a "natural" part of the process. He acknowledged that the game has changed in
the U.S. and Canada has to argue the environmental aspects of the oilsands.

Obama will make the final decision on Keystone, which is not expected before the
summer. By law he must base it on the broadly flexible idea of U.S. national
interests.

Oliver also said Keystone and other planned pipelines are "critically important"
to the Canadian economy because current bottlenecks in North American oil
pipeline deliveries caused by a lack of pipeline capacity has landlocked
Canadian oil. This means Canada earns a lower price for its oil - about $21 a
barrel or $20 billion a year at current prices - than it would otherwise get on
international markets.

"We are losing an enormous amount of money to the Canadian economy from the
price differential," he conceded.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pablo Martinez Monsivais, The Associated Press; U.S. President Barack
Obama faces pressure from both sides over his on decision on the Keystone XL
pipeline.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                               May 6, 2007 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

Google covets political muscle: Tech giant boosts presence in D.C.

BYLINE: MARILYN GEEWAX; Cox Washington Bureau

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1F

LENGTH: 762 words


Washington --- Google Inc. has lots --- and lots --- of cash and coolness down
in California's Silicon Valley, but relatively little clout up on Capitol Hill.

Now, it's hoping to build its political muscle with Congress by pumping up its
in-house lobbying staff and working with savvy outside lobbying firms. The young
and fabulously successful Internet search-engine company will move soon from a
shared rental space to its own expansive digs in the nation's capital.

"Google is still in start-up mode in Washington," spokesman Adam Kovacevich
said. "But our team continues to expand."

Kovacevich said Google now realizes that to continue growing rapidly, it must
work to influence public policies affecting its interests.

Among them are copyright protections, online privacy rights, international trade
agreements, patent reform, radio spectrum allocation, research tax credits and
the allocation of H-1B visas for highly skilled foreign professionals.

Perhaps the most prominent, however, is "net neutrality." Proponents say
high-speed Internet providers, such as phone and cable companies, should operate
their networks in a neutral way, giving all Web sites equal treatment. They want
lawmakers and regulators to prevent Internet providers from charging fees for
faster delivery of online content, giving wealthier companies an advantage over
competitors that can't pay.

The issue, still largely unsettled, has generated headlines in part because it
features a clash between newcomer Google and established telecom companies.

Google's position in favor of net neutrality is popular with the small
businesses, charities, online shoppers, telecommuters and others who say they
would suffer under a "toll" system. But the regional Bell phone companies, with
decades of lobbying experience, are adept at making their case to government
officials.

Public interest groups are eager to get Google lobbyists involved.

"Google can attract a lot of attention just for being big," said Art Brodsky,
spokesman for Public Knowledge, an advocacy group focused on technology-related
policies. "We're always glad to have them ... showing the flag on issues we care
about."

But if Google, founded in 1998, wants to win, it must learn the ways of
Washington quickly.

Until about 18 months ago, the company paid little attention to politics,
focusing instead on building the Internet's leading search engine. The Mountain
View, Calif.-based company's success has been astonishing. Last year, sales shot
up nearly 73 percent to $10.6 billion. Net income surged 110 percent to more
than $3 billion.

To launch its lobbying effort in 2005, Google hired Alan Davidson, a Democrat
with degrees from both Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Yale Law
School. Last year, it added Jamie Brown, a former Bush White House aide; Pablo
Chavez, a former general counsel to Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.); and Bob
Boorstin, a former speechwriter for President Bill Clinton.

For outside expertise, the company employs the lobbying arm of King & Spalding,
the Atlanta-based law firm, and the Podesta Group, a well-connected Washington
lobbying firm.

The outside firms bring former members of Congress into the lobbying effort. "We
get strategic advice from people who have been in Washington battles before,"
Kovacevich said. "They can give you good advice ... on how things are perceived
up there, and how to put together a coalition."

Norman Ornstein, co-author of "The Broken Branch," a recent book about Congress,
said that "Google is doing exactly what it should be doing."

Start-up tech companies typically think they have no need to get involved in
politics, he said. But as they get larger, "they get slapped with the hard
reality that every day, Washington is making decisions that affect their
business," he said.

Ornstein said Google appears to have had that realization: "My impression is
that Google is getting some good people."

Davidson says his group is indeed getting the hang of it, and will be adding
more lobbyists and staffers. "We've been pleased with our work so far in
building relations in Washington and making a difference," he said.

Currently, Google rents space in an attractive, but generic, office on
Pennsylvania Avenue. Kovacevich said that this summer, Google's lobbyists will
move to a permanent office. The new space will be much trendier, he said, which
would bring it closer in spirit to Google's home campus, famed for its free
gourmet food and indoor rock-climbing wall.

"This place is totally nondescript," Kovacevich said. "We're looking forward to
having an office that is Googl-y."

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: RICK McKAY / StaffAlan Davidson was hired in 2005 to launch
Google's rapidly expanding lobbying effort in the nation's capital./ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              512 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            March 15, 2007 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Loophole in gift ban allows government-funded freebies;
Bill to be offered ending exemption

BYLINE: Ken Dilanian

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 721 words


When Democrats took control of Congress in January, they passed a sweeping set
of ethics rules, including a ban on gifts that prohibits lobbyists from buying a
lawmaker as much as a hamburger.

But the gift ban left in place a loophole: It doesn't apply to government
agencies and public institutions. That exemption, which dates back more than a
decade, leads to a stark disparity when it comes to public and private
universities, which compete fiercely for federal money.

While private universities are banned from giving gifts, public universities can
offer members of Congress free tickets to some of the country's most
sought-after sporting events. That includes the upcoming NCAA men's basketball
tournament, in which 43 of the 65 teams represent public schools.

Nor do those gifts have to be disclosed, according to the rules.

That makes no sense, say critics, including Rep. Jeff Flake, an Arizona
Republican who says he will introduce a bill today to eliminate the exemption.

"It's just always bugged me that we treat taxpayer-funded lobbyists differently
than those lobbying for the private sector," Flake said. "In fact the whole
earmark culture really grew out of public-sector lobbyists."

Flake was referring to the increasingly common practice of companies or
institutions securing funds for specific projects through a single lawmaker,
often with the help of lobbyists.

Colleges, universities and other higher-education groups spent at least $75
million on federal lobbying efforts in 2005, according to a USA TODAY analysis
of lobbying reports compiled by the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics.

"If it's corrupt for a corporate lobbyist to shower gifts on lawmakers, it's
just as corrupt for a government lobbyist," said Ed Frank, a former Republican
congressional staffer who is vice president of public affairs for Americans for
Prosperity.  A non-partisan  government watchdog group, it has launched a
campaign to close the loophole in the law.

Asked why House Democrats did not revisit the exemption when they recently
rewrote the ethics rules, Nadeam Elshami of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's office
said "the original rule was ... intended to facilitate intergovernmental
cooperation and assistance."

Elshami agreed, however, that the exemption to the gifts ban should be
reconsidered. "The House should examine whether to ban such gifts altogether" or
cap them at $50.

"It is one thing to allow members and staff to travel to attend a conference
sponsored by a state government, but it's quite another for them to accept
tickets to sporting events and other tangible gifts from state and local
governments and their agencies," Elshami said.

Universities aren't the only government agencies with a stake in congressional
decisions. Public officials and government agencies, including cities, counties
and states, spent about $65 million lobbying Congress last year, according to
an analysis of lobbying records by the Center for Responsive Politics.

Because there are no disclosure rules for government-funded freebies, it is
difficult to learn which lawmakers have accepted them. It was only because of
state law requirements, for example, that the University of Oklahoma reported
providing Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Okla., with $300 worth of football tickets last
year.

In an interview, Coburn said he gave those tickets to friends and bought his
own. He pointed out that he is a foe of the earmark system. Rather than focusing
on gift bans, he said, ethics rules should mandate strict disclosures, including
for earmarks. He wouldn't prohibit free sports tickets, he said, as long as they
were disclosed promptly to the public.

"Somebody can't buy me a $20 meal, but they can give $5,000 to my campaign, and
I can give them a $2 million earmark," he said, speaking rhetorically. "The
problem is us. Make us report, make us be transparent and it's going to totally
change the behavior up here."

Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Fla., attended two football games for free last year,
spokesman Dan McLaughlin said -- one at the University of Florida and one at
Florida State, both public institutions.

"I don't think he necessarily views being invited to watch a football game by a
university as anything at all sinister," McLaughlin said.

Contributing: Fredreka Schouten and William Risser in Washington, Michael
McCarthy in New York.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W
PHOTO, B/W, USA TODAY
PHOTO, B/W, Reuters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 25, 1985, Monday, Late City Final Edition

Conrail Lobbying Set

BYLINE: By REGINALD STUART

SECTION: Section D; Page 5, Column 2; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 393 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 24


The Department of Transportation and the Norfolk Southern Corporation have
started an intense lobbying campaign in several key Northeastern states to rally
support for the company's bid to purchase the Consolidated Rail Corporation.

Administration officials and Norfolk Southern consider support from local
officials, shippers and employees crucial to winning Congressional approval of
the proposed $1.2 billion sale.

This week, Norfolk Southern officials, led by Harold H. Hall, company president,
made an array of promises in Albany at legislative hearings that continue
Monday. In Philadelphia, former Transportation Secretary Drew Lewis sponsored a
luncheon this week for business executives at which he and Norfolk Southern
chairman Robert B. Claytor spoke of the merits of a Norfolk Southern takeover.

In Washington, Mr. Claytor has led teams of Norfolk Southern representatives to
Capitol Hill where they have met with numerous members of Congress from
Northeastern states.

Next Thursday, Transportation Secretary Elizabeth Hanford Dole and John Riley,
administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration, go to Pittsburgh for a
meeting with local elected officials there to discuss the Conrail sale. Norfolk
Southern officials are also scheduled to visit Pittsburgh late next week. There
is widespread opposition throughout the state to the Norfolk Southern takeover
bid.

''We're meeting with each member of Congress, on a district by district basis,
to address their specific problems,'' said Edward T. Breathitt, a former
governor of Kentucky who is the railroad's chief lobbyist. ''There are lots of
constituent concerns,'' he said.

In Albany, Mr. Hall of Norfolk Southern committed the railroad to maintaining
into the early 1990's Conrail's line between Buffalo and New York City. He also
offered to help the state improve its Amtrak passenger service line between
Albany and Buffalo, so that trains could travel at speeds as high as 90 miles
per hour, compared with the present limit of 79 miles per hour.

The generous offers from Norfolk Southern in New York are indicative of the
gestures it plans to make in other states to win control of Conrail, a
profitable business jewel that would make Norfolk Southern the nation's largest
railroad in track mileage and give it control of nearly every major port on the
Eastern seaboard.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              514 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              June 26, 2006 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

CLEANING UP WASHINGTON

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 529 words


With all the talk about corruption in the State Capitol, it's easy to forget
that -- as bad as things may be here -- the corruption in the U.S. Capitol is
far worse.

The scandals involving former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, R-Texas, jailed
former U.S. Rep. Duke Cunningham, R-Calif., U.S. Rep. William Jefferson, D-La.,
and the various and sundry Republican members of the House and Senate who have
been linked to lobbyist Jack Abramoff's influence-peddling crimes are just the
tip of the iceberg when it comes to federal-level wrongdoing.

Green Wisconsin has been touched by the D.C. scandals. U.S. Rep. Mark Green, the
Green Bay Republican who is likely to be his party's candidate for governor this
fall, accepted tens of thousands of dollars from DeLay's political slush funds
while Green's top aide has been accused of accepting favors from Abramoff's
operation.

Just as Wisconsin politics and government need to be cleaned up with sweeping
campaign finance and ethics reforms, so federal politics and government need to
be cleaned up with similar reforms.

Unfortunately, lobbying reform legislation recently adopted by the House and
Senate fails to address the ethics crisis in Washington in a meaningful way.
Indeed, a review of the legislation by Public Citizen established that "the
House and Senate bills that are currently being ironed out in conference
committee would do almost nothing to address today's wave of corruption in
Congress."

Real reform is needed. And it is available in the form of a genuine federal
lobbying reform bill introduced last week by U.S. Reps. Christopher Shays,
R-Conn., and Marty Meehan, D-Mass.

In response to the recent revelations of lobbying and ethics abuses sweeping
Capitol Hill, Shays and Meehan, who several years ago were the lead sponsors of
the House version of the McCain-Feingold campaign finance reform bill, have
introduced a comprehensive package of proposals to:

Prohibit special interests that lobby Congress from paying for trips by members
and staff.

Require lawmakers to pay full charter rates, rather than corporate-subsidized
discount rates, for travel on company jets.

Establish an independent Office of Public Integrity to monitor and enforce
congressional ethics and lobbying laws.

Disclose expenditures by special interest groups and media firms on grass-roots
lobbying.

Disclose campaign fundraising by lobbyists.

Slow the revolving door -- the movement of government officials to lucrative,
private-sector lobbying jobs -- by increasing the ban from one year to two years
on former public officials lobbying their colleagues.

Though it is unlikely that it will be acted upon by the current Congress,
Wisconsin's House members should sign on as co-sponsors of the Shays-Meehan bill
now. Then voters will know in November whether their representatives are part of
the problem in Washington or part of the solution.

This fall's election offers an opportunity to vote for reform, in Wisconsin and
in Washington. Just as state legislative candidates will need to declare which
side they are on -- that of the influence peddlers or that of the great mass of
citizens -- so candidates for Congress should declare as well.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Christopher Shays

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              515 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             April 30, 2013 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Pipeline proposal feeds lobby bonanza

BYLINE: Laura Litvan And Jonathan D. Salant, Bloomberg

SECTION: CALGARY BUSINESS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 423 words


Almost 50 groups representing everything from oil companies to American Jews
have stepped up their Washington spending as the proposed Keystone XL oil
pipeline proves to be a bonanza for lobbyists.

The American Petroleum Institute, a Washington-based oil industry trade group,
increased its lobbying spending on all issues, including Keystone, to $2.1
million in the first three months of the year from $1.8 million during the same
period a year earlier, Senate records show.

It's among 48 groups that disclosed in filings last week they were lobbying on
Calgary-based TransCanada Corp.'s proposed $5.3-billion pipeline. Others include
construction equipment manufacturers such as Deere & Co., labour unions,
environmental groups and the Canadian government.

"Because it's such a high-profile issue and it has such symbolism, it's become a
full-employment program for K Street," said Bill Allison, editorial director at
the Sunlight Foundation, a Washington-based watchdog. Many lobbyists have
offices on K Street in the District of Columbia.

All but two of the groups - the League of Conservation Voters and Greenpeace -
appear to be in support of the pipeline. That includes oil companies such as
ExxonMobil, Royal Dutch Shell and Valero Energy Corp., which all registered as
lobbying on the issue, according to the disclosure reports filed with the U.S.
Senate. All own refineries in the Gulf Coast that could benefit from the
Keystone oil.

"The vast array of lobbyists engaged on Keystone owes partly to the immense
geographic and policy-topic spread of the pipeline," said Rogan Kersh, a
lobbying expert and provost of Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, N.C.
"Many interest groups can't afford to let a major issue like this go by without
putting their oar in."

Additionally, the president's inaugural committee received millions of dollars
in contributions from corporations and unions lobbying on Keystone, U.S.
Election Commission filings show.

Chevron gave $1 million while ExxonMobil contributed $250,000. Other advocates
that have registered to lobby for the pipeline include the American Jewish
Committee, better known for its support of the state of Israel and on behalf of
Jews worldwide.

Keystone would help reduce "U.S. dependence on oil from hostile or unstable
foreign sources," said Kenneth Bandler, a spokesman for the New York-based
committee. "The Keystone XL pipeline is vital toward strengthening America's
energy security, and also important for our relations with Canada, our
dependable, democratic ally and neighbour."

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2013 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 998 DOCUMENTS


           St. Louis Daily Record/St. Louis Countian (St. Louis, MO)

                           December 13, 2007 Thursday

State of Mo. official joins law firm's lobbying group

BYLINE: Heather Cole

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 193  words


A state economic development official who helped create the Missouri Quality
Jobs Act has taken a lobbying job at Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal.

Brian Grace, the former director of policy and legislative affairs for the state
Department of Economic Development, joins two attorneys and a managing director
recruited last year for the law firm's lobbying group.

He helped put together the jobs legislation in 2005. Under the act, the state
offers tax incentives and credits for businesses that expand or locate in
Missouri. They must pay at least their county's average salary and cover 50
percent or more of their employees' health-care premiums.

The act was critical in keeping Express Scripts Inc. in Missouri, Grace said.
The pharmacy benefits company this year opened its expanded headquarters on the
University of Missouri-St. Louis campus.

Before taking the policy director's job at the economic development department,
Grace worked on Matt Blunt's gubernatorial campaign. Prior to that, Grace worked
for a Jefferson City lobbying firm.

He joins attorneys Rodney Boyd and Kevin Gunn and associate managing director
Megan Werner in Sonnenschein's lobbying group.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             April 21, 2009 Tuesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Editorial: Binge lobbying

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Inq Opinion & Editorial; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 504 words


New Jersey's politicians have been handed a chance to save taxpayers some money
while helping to justify their own salaries.The state comptroller, Matt Boxer,
recently reported that New Jersey's myriad local governments and authorities are
spending millions of dollars a year to lobby the state and federal
governments.Besides being a dubious use of public funds - and compelling
evidence of over-government - this raises a question about elected state and
local officials: Weren't they supposed to represent their towns' interests in
Trenton and Washington, instead of paying private lobbyists to do so?The
Legislature could eliminate the confusion by outlawing - or at least strictly
limiting - this wasteful practice.Boxer's office reviewed required lobbying-firm
disclosures over a two-year period and found that 74 different New Jersey
government entities had hired lobbyists. They spent a total of $3.87 million
lobbying the state government during that time.

Boxer's office did not conduct a comprehensive review of lobbying at the federal
level, but it found that 11 of those entities had spent a total of $1.9 million
on lobbying in Washington.Those hiring the lobbyists included school districts,
towns, counties, and authorities. The last group - including county improvement
authorities, utilities authorities, and the like - accounted for nearly half of
the expenses.It's not hard to understand why a given town or county would go
with a hired gun. A paid lobbyist has more time and expertise for exerting
influence than the average mayor does. And one's state representatives are
expected to balance the interests of all the towns they represent, which can be
quite different from the needs of a particular town or board.If not checked,
however, this will only lead more towns and authorities to hire their own help
in the competition for state funding and attention. Boxer put it well: "You can
end up with a financial escalation that, ultimately, is a race to the bottom for
taxpayers."Five states have laws restricting lobbying by governments, and this
report shows New Jersey needs one. At the very least, as Boxer recommended, it
should require local governments to disclose and explain their dealings with
lobbyists.As it stands, oddly enough, government lobbying in the state is less
regulated and transparent than private lobbying. The state law on lobbying
disclosure sensibly exempts the activities of government officials conducting
public business. But an ill-advised opinion by the agency that regulates
lobbying extended the exemption to private lobbyists hired by governments. That
means some government lobbying might not even be disclosed - and Boxer's figures
represent only the minimum being spent on it.This loophole underscores the
fundamental absurdity of intergovernmental lobbying. The lobbying law makes an
exception for public officials so they can do their jobs by advocating towns'
interests in the capital - not so they can help swell the ranks and wallets of
the lobbying industry.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              518 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 5, 2009 Thursday

BANKS' MONEY WELL SPENT

BYLINE: GEOFF EARLE Post Correspondent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 278 words


WASHINGTON - New York's top banking firms went on a multimillion lobbying spree
late last year - just as the feds were crafting a $700 billion rescue plan for
struggling banks.

The banks got an extraordinary return on their investment, as they got federal
cash injections that were thousands of times larger than what they spent trying
to influence Congress and the administration - which doled out the cash.

According to the Center for Responsive Politics, which released a report on
company lobbying on the $700 billion rescue, the 300 companies aided by the
Troubled Asset Relief Program spent a total of $77 million on lobbying last
year.

Citigroup spent a stunning $1.3 million on lobbying in the fourth quarter, and
$7.6 million for the year. Citi got $50 billion from the TARP.

Bank of America spent a stunning $820,000 on lobbying in the fourth quarter
alone using its own team of DC lobbyists and got a $45 billion bailout.

Goldman Sachs spent $100,000 on lobbying in the fourth quarter, bringing in
powerhouse lobbyist Michael Berman, president of the Duberstein Group. Goldman
also hired former House Majority Leader Dick Gephardt, whose firm billed $70,000
lobbying for TARP over three months.

Goldman's own lobbyists billed $500,000 on lobbying in the fourth quarter,
though Goldman - like other financial institutions - lobbied on a range of other
issues affecting it. The firm got $10 billion from the feds.

Insurance giant AIG spent $1 million for a team of eight to lobby Congress in
the fourth quarter, and got $40 billion from the feds.

Merrill Lynch spent $1.2 million on lobbying in the fourth quarter, while
JPMorgan Chase spent $1.1 million.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 13, 2005 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Very Ripe State Government

SECTION: Section 14WC; Column 1; Westchester Weekly Desk; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 492 words


If there is a lush, green valley for lobbyists, it must look a lot like Albany.
In every state building, in every agency in New York's state capital, there are
easy pickings for those peddling the wares of the rich, the powerful, the big
special interests.

If these high-priced salesmen and saleswomen are seeking favorable legislation,
they must register as lobbyists. But if they are trying to land state contracts
-- contracts that can be worth many millions of dollars -- they can operate
almost invisibly. Furthermore, changing a state law at least requires the votes
of 212 lawmakers and the governor. Arranging a state contract requires little
more than a cozy tete-a-tete between a state official and a guy in a smart silk
suit.

It will not be easy to sell the present state government on the idea of
requiring lobbyists to register before they try to influence the awarding of
state contracts. But this single reform would be one of the biggest improvements
in decades in the way the state does its $100 billion business.

In the last two years, Gov. George E. Pataki and the Legislature have talked and
talked and talked about extending the lobbying regulations to cover state
contracts. The governor has even issued an edict that requires agencies to
reveal who is lobbying for what. But somehow, a law is never passed.

Many reasons are offered, many fingers pointed. But the underlying reason why
nothing is done is simple. The people who would be most affected by public
disclosure are the very same people who attend dozens and dozens of fund-raisers
for the very lawmakers who must pass this big, important lobbying law. Such
cycles are hard to break.

Last Monday, as it has before, the Assembly passed a strong bill to curb
procurement lobbying. Senator George H. Winner Jr., a Republican from Elmira,
introduced a similarly strong bill for the Senate last week. Mr. Pataki's aides
say the governor also plans to push an expansion of lobbying laws in a package
of four ethics bills, as a follow-up to his State of the State address in
January. One bill would ban lobbying for state contracts altogether. The
governor is also planning to push for another bill, closer to the Assembly and
Senate versions, that would require lobbyists working the state agencies to
register with the lobbying commission.

A complete ban on contract lobbying is a good idea but whether it would work in
the real world is another matter. There is also concern about whether it would
be thrown out by the courts as an infringement on free speech. Other
good-government advocates, worried that lobbyists will find a way around such a
ban, say that it would be better to know what they are up to by requiring them
to register, as they do for the Legislature.

The differences between Mr. Pataki's proposals and the Legislature's are not
major and could be easily worked out if all parties really wanted to do so. In
Albany, that is too often a very large ''if.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              520 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 21, 1993, Thursday, Final Edition

Montgomery Bolsters Its Lobbying Corps

Charles Babington, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B6

LENGTH: 911 words

DATELINE: ANNAPOLIS


As Montgomery County's delegation to the Maryland House of Delegates convened
its first meeting of 1993 last Friday, six of the eight lobbyists for the county
government sat in the audience.

It was the opening test for the lobbyists who push the agenda of Montgomery
County Executive Neal Potter (D). They watched as the nearly 20 Montgomery
lawmakers took up a Potter proposal to give county tax assessors subpoena power.

The legislators briefly debated the bill, unanimously rejected it and adjourned.

So it went for one of the largest and best-paid lobbying teams in Annapolis, a
group that has doubled in size in eight years but still struggles for success in
a legislature where Montgomery often is seen as one step behind the competition.

This year, the county's lobbying team is seeking its highest profile ever. It
has opened a new office on State Circle, the street that surrounds the Maryland
State House, and dispatched the eight full-time lobbyists to Annapolis. The
county school system has its own lobbyist.

Some county officials applaud the move, saying Montgomery needs more firepower
to combat legislative raids on programs that benefit the county. But others
question the wisdom of creating such a large office when Montgomery is
struggling to shed its image as the wealthy uncle who can subsidize the rest of
the state.

"It's grandiosity," said state Sen. Howard A. Denis (R-Montgomery). "I think we
should be lean and mean."

Potter, who has trimmed county government spending in many departments, said the
costs associated with a larger lobbying staff may stem the loss of state dollars
that Montgomery County has suffered in recent years.

"It's a few hundred thousand against many millions," Potter said. "We've been
taking a terrible beating from the state. We are deeply concerned with what
Annapolis has been doing and might do, and we're trying to get a little more
equal treatment. . . . We feel anything we can do there will be worth the
effort."

Montgomery's lobbying presence in Annapolis now dwarfs that of all other
Maryland jurisdictions except Baltimore. The staff is paid more than $ 500,000
annually and has twice as many lobbyists as does Gov. William Donald Schaefer.

Montgomery is paying $ 38,000 a year for its new 1,695-square-foot suite, which
county officials say is a vast improvement over the 1,014- square-foot office
the county used to rent a few blocks away for $ 15,400 a year.

Potter defends the move as a good investment. "We've been doing with second- and
third-grade space for many years," he said. "It's good to be closer, where we
can jump in on things."

Montgomery's lobbying team won some praise last fall for devising an alternative
to cuts in education aid. Even that effort, however, ended in defeat, as
Baltimore and other jurisdictions ran roughshod over the Maryland suburbs and
enacted cuts that hit Montgomery and Prince George's counties hardest.

Montgomery's new lobbying director is Ben Bialek, who was chief lobbyist for
Harry Hughes, the former governor. Bialek, who makes $ 83,456 a year, says he is
trying to be frugal.

Rather than stay overnight at an Annapolis hotel, Bialek commutes daily from his
home in Columbia. He uses a parking space in the new building, he said, but
reimburses the county the difference, $ 40 a month, between its cost and that of
public parking spaces.

Like other counties that have offices in Annapolis, Montgomery rents its space
year-round, even though the heaviest use is from January to April, when the
General Assembly is in session. The county's lobbyists are in Rockville the rest
of the year, working on state, municipal and federal affairs that affect the
county, Bialek said.

Potter hired Bialek to replace Edward J. Kasemeyer, a former state senator. He
has kept Kasemeyer as a contract lobbyist this session at a rate equivalent to
his former $ 72,740-a-year salary.

Among the eight-member team are two lobbyists who work for the county Finance
and Human Services departments. The Montgomery school board is represented by
Lois Stoner, who has a small, $ 1,000-a-year office in Annapolis. Stoner is paid
$ 45,000 a year for her part-time job.

Prince George's County has three full-time lobbyists in Annapolis, including one
who works for the school board, said chief county lobbyist Royal Hart. Hart is
paid $ 84,661 a year, and his top assistant about $ 49,000. Prince George's pays
$ 45,000 a year for a two-story, 2,000-square-foot office on State Circle.

Maryland's other large counties have smaller Annapolis operations. Baltimore
County pays $ 10,800 a year for its State Circle office and has about three
full-time lobbyists. Howard County pays about $ 2,500 a year for a small office
and has one part-time lobbyist.

The City of Baltimore spends nearly $ 400,000 a year for its lobbying operation,
which includes at least six full-time lobbyists. Montgomery legislators say the
statistics mask the true size of Baltimore's effort because many officials from
other city agencies testify before legislative committees.

State Sen. Mary H. Boergers (D-Montgomery) said it's high time Montgomery County
opened an office opposite the State House. "I am delighted that the county is
upgrading the office of legislative affairs," she said.

But Del. Jean W. Roesser (R-Montgomery) questioned the growth of the lobbying
staff in light of Montgomery's budget constraints. "We are more than adequately
staffed," she said.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              521 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             June 7, 2012 Thursday

UTA finds lobbying pays

BYLINE: Dennis Romboy Deseret News

LENGTH: 1023 words


SALT LAKE CITY ? With a cadre of highly paid, high-powered lobbyists at its
disposal, the Utah Transit Authority has raked in more than a billion dollars to
build its expanding transportation network. Publicly, much of the credit for the
nationally recognized multimodal system goes to the vision of UTA executives.
Behind the scenes, though, the agency has shelled out big bucks to sell mass
transit in Utah to federal agencies and once-skeptical state lawmakers.

And those lobbyists have done such a good job that the agency might have
out-kicked its coverage. Questions persist about whether UTA has the money to
maintain the miles of new track it is putting down on the Wasatch Front. UTA
spending on government lobbying dwarfs that of transit agencies around the
country, some of which don't hire outside lobbyists at all. The agency
consistently ranks among the biggest spenders on transportation-related lobbying
in Washington, according to numbers compiled by the Center for Responsive
Politics. Since 2006, UTA has spent more than $3.5 million on federal and state
lobbying, according to figures provided by the agency. The spending peaked at
$833,874 in 2010. It spent $658,286 in 2011 and expects to spend about the same
this year, said UTA spokesman Gerry Carpenter. The lineup of UTA lobbyists
amounts to a who's who of top Capitol Hill persuaders, including former
high-ranking legislators and longtime politicos along with well-connected firms
in the nation's capital. UTA is unapologetic about hiring "government relations
consultants," saying every dollar spent has brought more than $500 to the
agency. In the past five years it has hauled in more than $1 billion in federal
funds for operating costs and system expansion, more dollars per capita than any
metropolitan transit agency in the country. Two of those Washington lobbyists,
James C. Barker, one-time chief of staff for former Sen. Bob Bennett, and Anja
Graves of CHG & Associates, deflected requests for interviews to the transit
agency. "We believe that money we've spent on government relations work has been
very much worth it," Carpenter said. "All you have to do is take a look at what
we've managed to build here and continue to build." Carpenter said the lobbyists
are instrumental in helping UTA secure federal funds, tracking legislation and
meeting with members of the Utah's congressional delegation. "Our executive
staff can't be back in Washington all the time," he said. "They have a transit
system to run." The transit authority is in the midst of its $2.3 billion
FrontLines 2015 project, adding 70 miles of rail service, including the
FrontRunner South commuter rail line to Provo. Local dollars fund about 80
percent of that project, while the remainder is federal money. In addition, UTA
is working on light rail extensions to Salt Lake City International Airport and
to Draper. This past week, it announced plans to build an $80 million bus
maintenance facility downtown and fold its old garage into a transit-oriented
development near The Gateway. But once those projects are complete next year,
the Utah Office of the Legislative Auditor General wonders whether UTA has the
money to maintain them. "It remains uncertain whether UTA will have the revenue
to satisfactorily operate the costly systems that it is building. UTA's revenue
projections are optimistic, while expense projections may be understated,"
according to a legislative audit released in January. Deputy auditor general
Rick Coleman told state lawmakers given UTA's financial situation, "there's not
much margin for error left." That could leave the agency and local cities with
two painful options once the lines are completed: Cut service or ask area
residents for more money to operate the trains and buses. A single-ride TRAX
fare went up to $2.35 in April and will increase to $2.50 next April. But
Carpenter said UTA doesn't anticipate other rate increases or asking cities to
raise taxes and has a plan in place to operate under its existing budget. The
agency also will study going to distance-based fares over a couple of years.
"Things are tight," he said. "But we've successfully done it to date with
minimal cuts to service. We're committed to doing the same going forward."
Whatever happens, state lawmakers don't want taxpayers left footing the bill.
"We really need to do a deep analysis and look what the five- and 10-year plan
really is to promote the ridership to ensure that we have a return on
investment," said Sen. Aaron Osmond, R-West Jordan. "Right now, though, I still
fear that an if-we-build-it-they-will-come attitude exists. We have to be very
careful about that because the Utah taxpayer has to deal with it if there's a
problem." A legislative committee took UTA to task earlier this year for failing
to implement recommendations from a 2008 audit and asked the agency for a five-
or 10-year plan but have yet to receive it. "We want to see a report," said Rep.
Janice Fisher, D-West Valley. "They need to pay attention. They need to know the
Legislature is watching." Fisher worries UTA won't be able to maintain the
system and fears more fare increases will compel commuters to give up on mass
transit. Sen. Mark Madsen, R-Eagle Mountain, said he's heard nothing since the
January legislative committee meeting to assure him the transit agency has the
funds to maintain the system. "I would remain skeptical," he said. Madsen said
he's troubled that rider fares cover as little as 5 percent and only as much as
18 percent of UTA's operating costs. "That's striking to me," he said. "I don't
like the idea of people who don't use the system having to subsidize it."
Carpenter said the agency is working to comply with the audits and provide
lawmakers with the information they're seeking. Meantime, UTA will continue to
pay lobbyists in Washington to pursue federal funds, though it appears big money
won't be coming Utah's way in the future. "The big grants are pretty much done
and here," Carpenter said, adding the available pots of money are smaller. "They
money is out there still, but it will be harder to get." Contributing: John
Daley

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              522 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 14, 1993, Tuesday, Final Edition

Lobbyists Help Save General Dynamics's Seawolf Sub

John Mintz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE C1; BIZ: DEFENSE

LENGTH: 876 words


The Washington lobbying firm of Cassidy and Associates Inc. is a comer as far as
Getting the Job Done in the defense business.

Falls Church-based defense giant General Dynamics Corp. hired Cassidy in March
1992 to help with a crisis -- the Pentagon wanted to stop buying Seawolf
submarines, built at the company's shipyard in Connecticut.

Cassidy and its sister public relations firm, Powell Tate, swung into action.
Sen. Daniel K. Inouye (D-Hawaii), the powerful chairman of the defense
appropriations subcommittee, emerged as a key ally. Inouye supported the Seawolf
at several key points during the legislative process, including making speeches
in its support.

Several sources in the local defense lobbying community suggested that Inouye
may have been influenced by one of Cassidy's associates, Henry K. Giugni, who is
a former aide of Inouye's.  Giugni, a former Honolulu police officer, was
Inouye's administrative assistant for 23 years before serving as the Senate's
sergeant-at-arms from 1986 to 1990.

A Washington lobbyist said Cassidy employees had boasted that Giugni "can
deliver" Inouye, and by extension the appropriations committee, on the Seawolf.

Washington lobbying insiders say Giugni's main strength as a lobbyist is his
closeness to Inouye. "He's a door opener," a defense industry executive said.

Cassidy also was hired in June by McDonnell Douglas Corp. to win support for its
troubled C-17 cargo jet. A month later, Inouye wrote Defense Secretary Les Aspin
that company and Air Force representatives assured him that the plane's problems
"have been resolved." His letter also echoed the firm's line that the Pentagon
should not cut its purchase of 120 C-17s.

Inouye's spokeswoman, Heidi Umbhau, said that the lawmaker has supported the
Seawolf and the C-17 "for a long time," and that Giugni has nothing to do with
Inouye's support.

Jerry Ray, a Powell Tate spokesman, said the Cassidy firm worked hard on the two
lobbying efforts, assigning 30 people who, among other things, contacted 500
members of Congress.

"Henry's an important and integral member of both teams," Ray said. "He knows
the Senate backwards and forwards." Ray said Giugni declined to comment.

Earlier this year, a federal judge sentenced Giugni to a year's probation for
violating a conflict-of-interest law. In the 1980s, Giugni recommended that the
Capitol Police, which he oversaw as sergeant-at-arms, buy an AT&T phone network
-- after Giugni had accepted a $ 2,700 round-trip airline ticket to Hawaii from
the firm.


WASHINGTON-BASED ARMS CONTROL ACTIVISTS won an early round with the Democratic
administration earlier this year after they learned Jordan wanted to sell to
Indonesia four surplus F-5 aircraft, which Jordan had bought years ago from the
United States.

Groups such as the Council for a Livable World, the Arms Control Association and
the Friends Committee on National Legislationargued that the United States
should deny the sale because of the Indonesian government's suppression of human
rights in its East Timor region.

The State Department, in the first Clinton administration decision to deny a
weapons export license, agreed with the activists.

The defense industry fears a repetition of the policies of the Carter
administration, which took a hard line against sales of arms to controversial
regimes, even sales of old, low-technology arms.

Jordan had planned to use proceeds of the sale to upgrade its fleet of F-5s, so
the real loser may be the firm that had the contract to do that work,
California-based Eidetics.

"This decision is arbitrary and unfair," Eidetics President Andrew M. Skow wrote
to Secretary of State Warren Christopher, "and totally ignores the human rights
of over 1,200 American workers who will not be hired."


IT'S NAIL-BITING TIME now for Martin Marietta Corp.'s 95,000 employees around
the country.

The Bethesda-based defense contractor is expected late this month or early in
October to announce which of its dozens of plants and offices will be closed or
merged.

The firm has to lose some weight after increasing its size by 61 percent with
its $ 3 billion acquisition of GE Aerospace earlier this year.

"We're examining every factor imaginable," said Martin Marietta spokesman Chip
Manor, "from the cost-effectiveness of factories and equipment to local taxes,
health care costs and utility costs."

Dozens of elected officials, civic leaders and employee groups have contacted
chairman and chief executive Norman R. Augustine and his "consolidation" team to
plead their plants' case.

Municipal officials in Daytona Beach, Fla. -- where Martin has a former GE
Aerospace plant that makes combat simulators and electronic test equipment --
have offered Martin a package of incentives to persuade it to stay.

Local worthies in Pittsfield, Mass., where Martin manufactures missile
components and parts for the Army's Bradley fighting vehicle, formed a task
force to show that they would do what it takes to get the plant to stay put.

"There's no thermometer bias in this," said a Martin Marietta executive,
explaining that facilities in southern climes such as Florida and Louisiana will
be scrutinized just as severely as those in Maryland, Pennsylvania and New
Jersey.


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, SEN. DANIEL INOUYE (D-HAWAII) SUPPORTED THE SEAWOLF AND C-17.

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              523 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 12, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Power struggle draws lobbyists

BYLINE: Andrea Stone

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 1196 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- It may be the ultimate battle for power.

States and Congress are preparing to break up the electric utility
industry, the nation's last big monopoly. Before long, consumers
may be shopping for electricity the way they do long-distance
phone service, and electric companies may be lowering their rates
to compete.

It sounds like last year's deregulation of telecommunications,
which expanded competition for long-distance service. But electricity
is even bigger. American homes and businesses pay more than $ 200
billion a year to private utilities, more than they spend on phone
service or cars.


The issue picked up momentum last week when California regulators
voted to open the nation's largest market to competition on Jan.
1 -- five years earlier than expected.

With so much at stake across the country, companies will "spend
staggering amounts of money in lobbying to get the kind of structure
that's going to benefit them," says Kent Cooper of the Center
for Responsive Politics, which tracks political contributions.
Some estimates put the lobbying tab at $ 50 million this year.

"In Washington's lobbying community, it's one of the most sought-after
gigs," says Joe Vasapoli, a lobbyist for Wisconsin Electric Power,
which is looking forward to competing for business in Illinois.

Studies variously indicate competition would shave 15% to 43%
off the average family's electric bill. That appeals to Congress,
which is considering ordering states to deregulate by a certain
deadline. But even without federal legislation that would open
competition nationwide, virtually every state is considering deregulation
within its borders.

The debate is convoluted at best. Practically non-partisan, although
free-market Republicans have taken the lead, it is divided mainly
along regional lines. In New Hampshire, for example, where the
average household pays $ 74 a month for electricity, people want
rapid change. In Idaho, where the average bill is $ 59 because
of cheaper hydroelectric power from federal agencies, there is
less enthusiasm.

Investor-owned utilities fear the effect on the bottom line if
states stop setting rates that guarantee them a return. But a
few, generally those unburdened by heavy debt, welcome a chance
to compete.

To sort out a topic considered complex even by Washington's bureaucratic
standards, lawmakers, lobbyists and other players huddle almost
daily in Washington's restaurants and hotels.

At a recent symposium, House Commerce Committee Chairman Tom Bliley
of Virginia addressed a roomful of pro-deregulation industry executives
over Caesar salad and chicken. He promised congressional action.

Bliley's 1996 campaign received $ 44,075 from political action
committees (PACs) organized by employees of utilities to contribute
to election campaigns. He says he "couldn't count" how many
lobbyists have visited him about an issue that Sen. Dale Bumpers,
D-Ark., calls "as interesting as watching grass grow."

What the topic lacks in spark, it makes up for in scratch. By
the time the industry is deregulated, sometime after 2000, tens
of millions of dollars will have been spent on lobbying, public
relations, advertising and, of course, political contributions.

Money is flowing from investor-owned utilities

Potentially, investor-owned utilities are the biggest losers,
because under current regulation they are allowed to charge rates
that guarantee a return above their costs. They could lose billions
of dollars if they had to lower their rates to compete. So they
are the biggest spenders on lobbying to preserve the status quo.

The Edison Electric Institute (EEI), a trade group that represents
176 such utilities, last year assessed members $ 3.8 million for
lobbying and will do the same this year.

Utility PACs also gave federal candidates $ 4.5 million in 1996,
$ 3 million of it to the GOP. In addition, they gave $ 4.1 million
to national committees: $ 2.8 million to Republicans, $ 1.3 million
to Democrats.

Dozens of alliances have sprung up. Some are grass-roots organizations.
Others are bankrolled by utilities. EEI gave $ 100,000 to start
Indianapolis-based Electric Consumers Alliance. The group includes
senior citizens, farmers and others who suspect most savings would
go to big industrial customers.

The Electric Utility Shareholders Alliance, based in Jefferson
City, Mo., receives money from unions, rural co-ops and utilities.
Lobbyist Jack Bonner won't say how much.

Some companies see a chance to compete

Companies in a minority faction of EEI think they would be winners
in a competitive market. Generally these firms aren't saddled
with paying off expensive nuclear plant construction.

Eight of them formed the Partnership for Customer Choice, which
will spend $ 500,000 lobbying this year. The Alliance for Competitive
Electricity, a group of 12 utilities, expects to spend about that
much.

Government utilities fear losing advantage

The American Public Power Association, which represents 1,750
government-owned utilities, spent $ 500,000 on lobbying last year.
Since 1995, when it helped defeat a Republican proposal to let
private companies take over federally run utilities, it has increased
its lobbying staff from three to seven.

The National Rural Electric Cooperative Association, the trade
group for 1,000 consumer-owned utilities, is running ads in Capitol
Hill publications. The group, which opposes federal action because
it fears losing government subsidies -- and, in turn, low rates
-- is led by former Democratic House member Glenn English of Oklahoma.

Some firms getting ready to enter the business

Enron, a Houston-based natural gas supplier that wants to market
electricity, is spending $ 25 million on ads to build a national
identity. Enron spent $ 530,000 to lobby in 1996. During the last
election, it gave $ 686,900 to political parties. Most of it, $ 544,500,
went to Republicans.

Atlanta-based Southern Co., which operates five electric utilities
in the Southeast, has hired former GOP chairman Haley Barbour
to lobby. The company and its subsidiary, Alabama Power, gave
$ 320,000 to political parties in the 1996 election, $ 235,000 of
it to the GOP.

Advocates of competition recently announced another group, Americans
for Affordable Electricity, that will spend up to $ 6 million a
year touting the advantages of deregulation. The pro-competition
forces talk of the computers school districts would buy with the
money they'd save on their electric bills, and the lower rates
groups like the American Association of Retired Persons would
negotiate by leveraging their membership millions. They foresee
a day when marketers would package electric, gas, phone and Internet
services all on one bill.

Others say the benefits are being oversold. Such conflict and
confusion guarantee at least one thing: Deregulation is already
a full employment act for lobbyists.

Says Bonner, a 14-year veteran lobbyist, "There's more firepower
on this issue than on anything I have ever seen."

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Bob Laird, USA TODAY, Source: House Commerce Commission
(Diagram)

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              524 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Montana Standard (Butte)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 27, 2014 Monday

Lewis says he'll take steps to prevent ethical conflict with lobbyist wife

BYLINE: Charles S. Johnson, The Montana Standard, Butte

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 708 words


Oct. 27--HELENA -- If he's elected to the U.S. House, Democratic candidate John
Lewis said he will put up a firewall to ensure no conflict of interest arises
with his wife, Melissa Lewis, who is a registered lobbyist.

"Should John earn the honor to serve Montanans in the U.S. House he will
immediately check with the House Ethics Committee and develop the next steps for
Melissa's small business accordingly," campaign spokeswoman Kathy Weber said.

Melissa Lewis is not presently registered as a federal lobbyist and won't
register as a federal lobbyist if he is elected to Congress, John Lewis said.

"My wife is not a registered federal lobbyist," he said. "Her business is solely
state-based. Any of her contracts are to do work at the state level and
Legislature."

From 2005-2008, Melissa Lewis was a registered federal lobbyist at Patricia
Jordan & Associates, a Washington, D.C., lobbying firm.

In 2009, Melissa Lewis de-registered as a federal lobbyist since her federal
lobbying made up less than 20 percent of her time. Under the Lobbyist Disclosure
Act, those who spend 20 percent or less of their time on "lobbying activities"
aren't required to register as federal lobbyists, Weber said.

From 2009-2011, Melissa Lewis worked as a government relations consultant in
Helena for Kadrmas, Lee & Jackson, a multistate engineering and planning firm
based in Bismarck, N.D.

Since 2011, she has had her own lobbying business in Helena -- Melissa Lewis and
Associates Government Relations and Consulting -- and she is a registered
lobbyist with the state of Montana. Besides Lewis as president of the firm, its
website lists a legal counsel who is an attorney with a Helena law firm, a
graphic designer and an events coordinator as part of the business. Its website
is: www.mlewisassoc.com.

During the 2013 Montana Legislature, Melissa Lewis was registered to lobby for
the city of Shelby, Kadrmas, Lee and Jackson, and ONEOK and CSC Holdings LLC
(Cablevision), according to a filing with the state with the state political
practices commissioner's office.

She made a salary of $100,000 in 2013 and $75,000 in 2012, according to John
Lewis' financial disclosure statements filed with the U.S. House.

Lewis said he took similar steps to put up a firewall in the past when he was
promoted to be a senior member on Sen. Max Baucus' staff. He was appointed as
Baucus' deputy state director in late 2008 and in 2010 moved up to be state
director, a post he held until August 2013 when he resigned to explore running
for Congress.

"When I was working for Max (in) a senior position and she went out and started
her own business, we agreed you can't be a federal lobbyist," Lewis said. "It
would not be appropriate."

John Lewis worked with Jon Selib, then Baucus' chief of staff, to set up a
firewall.

Selib said he consulted with the Senate Ethics Committee and implemented this
policy in late 2008: John Lewis was to completely recuse himself from any
appropriations decisions involving his wife's lobbying business, and Melissa
Lewis was not to lobby the Baucus office.

"Our standard was going to be greater than anything from the Senate Ethics
Committee," Selib said last week. "Not only do I want to make sure everything
was within the ethics rules, I don't want there to be any perception that he and
I were coming close to the rules."

If Lewis is elected, his wife will be prohibited from making any lobbying
contact with members of his congressional staff -- if she is a federally
registered lobbyist.

That ban is part of the Honest Government and Open Government Act of 2007,
passed in the wake of the Jack Abramoff lobbying scandal, said Craig Holman, a
campaign finance and government ethics lobbyist for Public Citizen, a Washington
watchdog group.

"If she is genuinely a state lobbyist and not in any way trying to influence
anything that Congress does, one doesn't see a conflict of interest," Holman
said in an interview. "But if she is trying to do business in Washington, but
not registered, that same conflict of interest arises."

Ryan Zinke, Lewis' Republican opponent, declined to comment for the story.

___ (c)2014 The Montana Standard (Butte, Mont.) Visit The Montana Standard
(Butte, Mont.) at www.mtstandard.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141027-BU-Lewis-says-he-ll-take-steps-to-prevent-ethical-conflict-with-lobbyis
t-wife-1027-20141027

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BU


                      Copyright 2014 The Montana Standard


                              525 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    October 3, 1991, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

Labatt gets new lobbyist

BYLINE: John Geddes

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 242 words

DATELINE: Ottawa, Ont.


S.A. Murray Consulting Inc., a Toronto-based government affairs firm, has beaten
out larger competitors for the job of lobbying for Labatt Breweries of Canada.

Sources in the secretive lobbying business said several of Ottawa's largest
government relations companies were vying for the contract. The value of the
deal was not disclosed, but Labatt conducts wide-ranging lobbying efforts.

The brewing arm of London, Ont.-based John Labatt Ltd. will rely on S.A. Murray
to conduct lobbying on various issues, including possible lowering of provincial
beer trade barriers, on Parliament Hill and in provincial capitals.

S.A. Murray's winning bid was in co-operation with Toronto-based Continental PIR
Communications Inc., which will be handling public relations work for Labatt.

Susan Murray, president of S.A. Murray, said in an interview the firm is still
negotiating terms with Labatt, and that winning the contract came after ''a
lengthy, tough competition.'' Most of Labatt's Ottawa lobbying was previously
done by Advance Planning & Communications Ltd.

HIGH PROFILE

S.A. Murray has scored a number of high-profile lobbying coups in recent years.
The firm spearheaded the strategy that won Hughes Aircraft of California a
$660-million federal air traffic control system contract in 1989, and this year
helped General Motors of Canada Ltd.'s diesel division gain special approval to
export light armored vehicles.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                              526 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business
                                 Print Version

                                February 8, 2016

LANSING power brokers;
Law firms, others strengthen their lobbying corps

BYLINE: Lindsay VanHulle

SECTION: Pg. 11 Vol. 32

LENGTH: 1829  words

DATELINE: LANSING


At times during the past few years, leaders of the Detroit Institute of Arts
regularly invited Michigan lawmakers to tour the Midtown museum.

The invitations were strategic. In 2013, the museum was in survival mode to keep
its city-owned collection amid fear and speculation the art might be sold in
federal bankruptcy court to appease Detroit's creditors.

Strategic lobbying and negotiating were invaluable during a sensitive time.

Preserving the DIA art would require hundreds of millions of donated dollars,
including from the state, where approval from outstate legislators wouldn't be
an easy sell. The "grand bargain" was not an easy pitch to make, even with
influential nonprofit, city and judicial leaders involved.

To aid in making that pitch, museum leaders enlisted the help of their lawyers
and lobbyists - namely, Detroit-based law firm Honigman Miller Schwartz & Cohn
LLP and Governmental Consultant Services Inc., a Lansing-based lobbying firm -
to convince lawmakers that saving the DIA was of statewide necessity.

"It's pretty hard to do that sitting at a table in Lansing," said Gene Gargaro,
the DIA's board chairman. Once lawmakers can see the art for themselves, he
said, "the case gets a lot more meaningful to them."

Increasingly, lobbying isn't just the work of traditional multi-client firms in
state capitals. Some law firms with offices in Michigan are hiring more in-house
lobbyists or forming other partnerships to handle meetings with legislators,
prepare testimony for committee meetings and build the relationships needed to
help swing the pendulum in favor of their clients.

The investment in lobbying bandwidth isn't without its critics, but
nontraditional shifts in hiring - and consultants who serve as these
behind-the-scenes dealmakers and educators - are a trend as clients seek to save
money on litigation or influence policy decisions. Another motivation is to
educate existing staff on legislative issues of the day.

Honigman, for one, is bulking up its government relations practice by hiring
Dennis Muchmore, Gov. Rick Snyder's former chief of staff and a founder of
Lansing lobbying firm Muchmore Harrington Smalley & Associates LLC. Honigman
plans to create a "faculty" that can educate its younger attorneys, lawmakers
and others in public policy and the legislative process.

Milwaukee-based law firm Foley & Lardner LLP, which employs two attorney
lobbyists in Michigan, said last month it has retained Lansing-based Michigan
Legislative Consultants Inc. as its Michigan lobbying firm for an undisclosed
fee.

The partnership, described as an "affiliation," is expected to generate
referrals in both directions for legal and advocacy work, said Rob Nederhood,
who is senior counsel in Foley's Detroit office and a former manager in Snyder's
administration.

To be sure, lobbying isn't new to law firms. But it is a way to diversify their
revenue streams; the billable hour common to legal work, for instance, often is
replaced with monthly retainer contracts for lobbying work.

The activity also comes at a time of increased spending - and heightened
scrutiny of Michigan's lobbying disclosure laws. The state earned an F for
transparency in a report last fall published by the Washington, D.C.-based
nonprofit investigative news organization The Center for Public Integrity.

Lobbying in Lansing is dominated by traditional multi-client firms, led for
years by GCSI, according to the Michigan Campaign Finance Network. Michigan
lobbyists last year spent more than $21 million through July, the most recent
data available, up more than 1 percent from the same period in 2014.

The big legal players in the Capitol - Honigman, Dykema Gossett PLLC and Clark
Hill PLC - in general have spent more on lobbying each year, according to state
lobbying records. Attorneys say their interest in growing this part of their
business is to offer clients options for solving problems that don't require a
courtroom.

"Sometimes litigation can take years and years and years and be very, very
expensive," said Sandra Cotter, who leads the government policy and practice
group for Dykema. The firm's ninth-floor office is across the street from the
Capitol.

"If you can change the law to do what you need more efficiently and effectively,
for less money, that's a service to the client."

Different paths

A law firm's lobbying activities commonly take one of several forms - employing
its own non-attorney lobbyists, or attorneys who also are registered lobbyists
with the state, to retain legal clients or attract new ones; working with
established multi-client lobbying firms that share clients on major issues or
campaigns; or forming affiliations with lobbying firms to refer clients to one
another.

The goal of all law firms that expand their lobbying practices is to keep legal
clients with governmental affairs issues in-house.

"That's what we've been trying to say: 'We're a one-stop shop,'" Cotter said.

Dykema has three lobbyists in Lansing, she said. The firm also has added three
lobbyists in Washington, D.C., two in Chicago and one in Minneapolis, in
addition to attorneys who also are registered lobbyists, she said.

Dykema counts numerous automakers as legal clients. Toyota Motor Corp. was
interested in hiring the firm to do some lobbying work, the first carmaker to do
so, Cotter said. Yet that poses other challenges: Because it was hired to
advocate for Toyota, she added, Dykema probably wouldn't agree to lobby on
behalf of sales competitors Ford Motor Co. and General Motors Co.

At Clark Hill, Del Chenault, the firm's Lansing-based governmental affairs
director, said lobbying revenue has grown an estimated 300 percent in the past
seven years. He would not disclose revenue figures.

The firm has 25 people in its governmental affairs practice group in seven
offices, Chenault said. Twelve lobbyists work out of Lansing, three of whom are
not attorneys.

"Having a law degree is a great background," he said. "Having experience in
parliamentary procedure, having experience in the political dynamics and the
political environment, understanding the arena from not only the issue
perspective but also a campaign perspective - that provides a lot of depth."

Lobbyists with multi-client firms say teaming up with law firms can be
advantageous for clients with complex issues, since lawyers can offer both legal
advice and an understanding of the political environment.

Yet even as the industry evolves and law firms increase their share of the
business, multi-client firms have retained their influence because they focus
100 percent of their efforts on lobbying, said Mike Hawks, a director with GCSI.
It's difficult to account for the day-and-night work of meeting with lawmakers
and staffers when billing by the hour, he added.

Some lawyers told Crain's they don't attend such events, preferring to leave
them to non-attorney lobbyists on staff who specialize in relationship-building.

Adding horsepower

Several firms said Honigman appears poised to boost its lobbying work, in large
part because of Muchmore's hire.

Muchmore joined Honigman last week after roughly five years as Snyder's chief of
staff. He will be chairman of the firm's government relations and regulatory
practice group, with oversight of a team of attorneys who focus on health care,
gaming and hospitality policy.

"Certainly, there's a lot of intellectual horsepower at Honigman, a lot of
built-up experience and persuasion," said Rich Robinson, the former director of
the Michigan Campaign Finance Network. "It's quite a natural (thing) for a law
firm to exert itself in that way."

The new faculty concept, of which Muchmore will be part, "is really to add
value," said David Foltyn, Honigman's chairman and CEO. "For us, it's not just
billing time to clients. We're bringing value to clients."

Muchmore, though, is not the only lobbyist to translate his experience in the
Snyder administration to private practice.

Nederhood and Steven Hilfinger, both attorneys and lobbyists for Foley & Lardner
in Detroit, left the law office to work for state government before returning to
the firm a few years ago. Both spent time with the Michigan Department of
Licensing and Regulatory Affairs, while Hilfinger also was an administrator with
the Michigan Economic Development Corp.

That experience led the pair to approach Michigan Legislative Consultants about
a possible partnership. The firms work in similar areas, such as cutting through
bureaucratic red tape.

Critics of 'cozy'

Some critics, though, say Michigan law is too cozy toward lobbyists who
previously worked for state government.

The lack of prohibitions in Michigan against state government workers moving
directly into a lobbying firm, often called "revolving door" laws, are one
reason the state ranked last of the 50 states in a national transparency
scorecard last fall by the Center for Public Integrity.

Michigan law prevents legislators who resign from office from lobbying for the
rest of the term they vacated, but makes no such provisions for administration
employees.

At least 33 states have some version of a revolving door law. Some prevent
lawmakers, other elected officials or state department heads from lobbying for a
period of a year or two after leaving government, according to the National
Conference of State Legislatures.

"(In) a lot of states, Muchmore wouldn't even have been allowed to take that job
with Honigman," said Chad Selweski, a former reporter at The Macomb Daily and
freelance journalist who wrote Michigan's transparency report. "The concern
there is that if you know you've got a job lined up with a lobbying firm ... you
can start to push things a little bit in favor of that lobbying firm and clients
before you even walk out the door."

Lobbyists are required to report only their total spending and their client
lists, not how much they spend per client or per issue.

Muchmore said he planned to register as a lobbyist this week.

"I'm not interested in going out and going over to the Legislature and
eyeballing people and then going to a client and saying, 'I can beat these
guys,' " Muchmore said. "I'm not interested in that kind of stuff, and that's
not Honigman anyway.

Gargaro, of the DIA, would not say how much the museum paid its lobbyists on
what would become the "grand bargain," a deal topping $800 million that
preserved the museum's collection against being leveraged for city debt
payments.

State records show the museum paid $16,236 in 2013 and $64,207 in 2014 on "other
lobbying expenses."

The DIA was "very close" to filing a lawsuit to defend the collection, but held
off because its attorneys recommended trying to negotiate a solution, Gargaro
said. That decision ultimately led to the grand bargain.

"What you're really saying is clients today are paying for results," Gargaro
said. "When you have firms like that ... the ability to talk about and resolve
issues is enhanced and it's not simply, 'See you in court.' That's the least
favorable option today."

Twitter: @LindsayVanHulle

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2016 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                             August 2, 2010 Monday

Weight Watchers Nibbles at the Influence Game;
Dieting Company Adds Lobbying to Its Plate

BYLINE: Anna Palmer

SECTION: LOBBYING

LENGTH: 811 words



Weight Watchers is eponymous with dieting, but its brand has little recognition
as a player on Capitol Hill.

The company has morphed from one woman holding meetings in her Queens, N.Y.,
living room into a worldwide business helping members fight the battle of the
bulge. But Weight Watchers has largely eschewed the halls of Congress.

"It never really occurred to us" to get involved in D.C., CEO David Kirchhoff
said in a recent interview at the Longworth cafeteria.

"As an organization, we keep our heads down and focus on what we focus on," he
added, noting the company's dramatic growth over nearly 50 years in business.
Weight Watchers now has about 1.4 million members and another 1 million online
users.

But as the health care debate roared last fall, Kirchhoff decided to wade into
Washington to offer his company's expertise on the obesity epidemic.

"We had no idea what would be the smart way of lobbying or who we would even
talk to," Kirchhoff said.

So the company hired Wexler & Walker Public Policy Associates to help it
navigate Congress and the Obama administration. With firm lobbyists Tim
Hannegan, Marla Voirst and former Rep. Bud Cramer (D-Ala.) leading the effort,
Kirchhoff said, he learned the basics of lobbying and was able to gain entree to
Congressional offices. Weight Watchers spent $120,000 during the first six
months of 2010 on federal lobbying, according to Senate disclosure records.

But despite breaking into the influence game, the dieting enterprise wasn't
using the typical playbook of companies lobbying for a legislative break or to
insert specific language into a provision.

And Weight Watchers wasn't looking to become a political powerhouse.

It doesn't have a political action committee, and Kirchhoff said he doesn't
expect to have an in-house K Street operation in the near future.

"We're not Pepsi, Google or Microsoft - that's not the role we're playing,"
Kirchhoff said.

Instead, Kirchhoff said his company wanted to join the dialogue that was filled
with academics and policy experts to contribute what Weight Watchers has learned
from practical hands-on experience on how to address the obesity epidemic.

It's an epidemic that Kirchhoff understands personally.

He considers himself a true Weight Watchers believer because the program worked
for him.

Practicing What He Preaches

About 12 years ago, Kirchhoff's doctor told him he needed to lose about 40
pounds, otherwise he would be facing a lifetime of medication to combat his high
cholesterol and high blood pressure.

After joining Weight Watchers as an employee and member in 2000, Kirchhoff
successfully lost the weight and is now a "lifetime" member. President and CEO
since 2007, Kirchhoff said he had his "Jerry Maguire" moment last year, where he
wanted to share his manifesto of how to best address obesity.

With the help of Wexler & Walker, Kirchhoff's vision turned into a white paper
concluding that the government has a stake in fixing the health care crisis
because it isn't going to fix itself.

"What's hard is getting people to make the lifestyle choices, and habits have to
be established," Kirchhoff said.

In addition to sharing company research with the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention and the Obama administration, Weight Watchers has also targeted
Congressional offices and think tanks to discuss the company's philosophy and
its experience working with people trying to lose weight.

"We're more trying to inform on the broad policy," Kirchhoff said. "The health
care system is much more about sick care rather than preventing it in the first
place."

To that end, the company wants new policies that give people more of a stake in
the health care system. Kirchhoff also said the food labels could be "cleaned
up" and believes that it should be easier for people to use their flexible
spending accounts for weight loss counseling.

And while the weight loss industry has fought federal intervention, Kirchhoff
said it "probably would be better if my industry would be regulated."

Grading Longworth

While Congress just passed health care reform, its cafeterias could still use
some work, according to Kirchhoff. The Weight Watchers CEO perused the Longworth
House Office Building's cafeteria offerings Thursday and gave the food options a
B-plus, while the merchandising of food received a B-minus or C-plus. In
particular, Kirchhoff said putting chips and candy bars at the registers was a
sign of promoting unhealthy options for last-minute impulse buys.

"I mostly found myself tempted to get stuff that is not healthy for me,"
Kirchhoff said of the cafeteria.

Even though the health care reform bill is law, that doesn't mean Weight
Watchers' stint in Washington is over.

"We have an important role to play," Kirchhoff said. "This is a huge government
issue. ... Government has the most at stake because it is the last man standing
in the form of health care."

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 Roll Call, Inc.


                              528 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            April 10, 2008 Thursday

TEACHERS 'BUY' ALBANY - UNIONS DROP $3M TO LOBBY

BYLINE: KENNETH LOVETT Post Correspondent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 612 words


ALBANY - The city and state teacher unions spent a whopping $3 million to
influence lawmakers last year, as overall lobbying in New York hit a record, a
report released yesterday shows.

The spending to influence lawmakers was revealed the day after the teachers
unions successfully stymied a measure, backed by Mayor Bloomberg and Schools
Chancellor Joel Klein, that would have allowed student-performance data to be
used in determining teacher tenure.

New York State United Teachers spent $2.1 million on lobbying, the third highest
total last year, according to the Commission on Public Integrity report.

The city United Federation of Teachers, headed by Randi Weingarten, pumped in an
additional $877,000, ranking it the 10th biggest client.

The combined $3 million in lobbying expenses last year was up 17 percent from
the $2.6 million the two unions spent in 2006.

The money funded a small army of lobbyists that both unions have on staff, as
well as media campaigns that include radio and TV ads and billboards.

It also covers the expenses of transporting teachers to Albany to directly lobby
lawmakers, said NYSUT President Richard Iannuzzi.

In addition to their hefty lobbying expenses, NYSUT spent $714,047 on campaign
donations while the UFT donated $127,656 to lawmakers, according to an analysis
by the New York Public Interest Research Group.

"Among the political gorillas of Albany, the teachers unions have long been a
King Kong," said Blair Horner, of the New York Public Interest Research Group.

All told, the education community spent $13.2 million on lobbying last year, up
from $10.3 million in 2006.

A Weingarten spokesman had no immediate comment, like NYSUT.

The overall $171.2 million in lobbying of state and local governments last year
was up by more than $20 million, or 13.3 percent, from 2006, according to the
latest figures.

"It's the best growth industry in New York," Horner said.

"When all else fails, including Wall Street, you can always count on the
lobbying industry to bring in record numbers."

There were 5,357 lobbyists and 57 public corporations representing 3,271 clients
last year.

The Greater New York Hospital Association and the Healthcare Association of New
York State spent a combined $3.1 million last year, according to the Public
Integrity Commission report.

The health-care and mental-health communities as a whole, locked in a bruising
budget battle with now disgraced former Gov. Eliot Spitzer last year, spent just
under $27 million, which included $4.3 million involving the powerful 1199-SEIU
union.

The Trustees of Columbia University spent $2.3 million on lobbying state and
city officials last year, the second highest total behind Verizon's $3.2
million.

And Forest City Ratner Companies, which is looking to build an arena for the NBA
Nets in Brooklyn, spent $1.2 million on lobbying in New York last year, the
eighth highest total.

The lobbying firm of Wilson Elser Moskowitz Edelman & Dicker remained the top
grossing firm, bringing in $9.6 million last year, up from $7.9 million in 2006.

Patricia Lynch Associates, whose founder is a former top aide to Assembly
Speaker Sheldon Silver, was second, having raked in $6.7 million.

---

FOR SALE

Top Albany lobbying groups in 2007:

1) Verizon $3.2M

2) Trustees of Columbia University $2.3M

3) New York State United Teachers $2.1M

4) O'Brien & Gere Limited $1.6M

5) Greater New York Hospital $1.6M

6) Association Healthcare Association of $1.5M

7) New York State Medical Society of the State of New York $1.5M

8) Forest City Ratner Companies $1.2M

9) Trial Lawyers Association $959,733

10) United Federation of Teachers $876,952

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Randi Weingarten heads the United Federation of Teachers. [Jeff Day]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                             August 16, 2015 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

WHAT DOES STATE LAW REQUIRE FOR LOBBYING REPORTS? GOOD QUESTION

BYLINE: Chris Potter, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: STATE; Pg. A-12

LENGTH: 540 words


Critics of Pennsylvania's state-run liquor stores often regard the United Food
and Commercial Workers union as a political juggernaut. Judging by its reported
lobbying activity, though, you might think they were peering through beer
goggles.

The UFCW, which represents state store employees, has reported $1,179,716 in
lobbying since 2007, ranking it just 128th among Harrisburg interest groups.
Unions generally aren't top lobbying concerns: The $3.9 million reported by the
most active, the Pennsylvania State Education Association, ranks only 22nd.

Some Harrisburg observers expressed surprise at those totals; others said
labor's influence lies in the workers it taps for campaign contributions and
political fieldwork. But the Commonwealth Foundation of Public Policy
Alternatives, a Harrisburg "free-market think tank," has a different take.

"Unions are significantly underreporting their lobbying," said spokesman John
Bouder. In federal filings, he noted, the UFCW reported $503,508 in lobbying for
2014, when it reported $372,690 to the state.

"There is a difference between the accounting that the federal government wants
and how the state does it," said UFCW Local 1776 President Wendell Young IV.

Mr. Young isn't registered as a lobbyist, though lobbying is "one of many hats I
wear." While UFCW discloses payments to outside lobbyists, state law exempts any
"individual who does not receive economic consideration for lobbying" - and as
president, Mr. Young said, he isn't paid to lobby per se.

UFCW also hasn't reported a 2014 TV campaign urging viewers to "tell your state
[legislators] to say 'no' to liquor privatization."

State law requires lobbying interests to report the cost of messages that
"encourage others [to take steps that will] directly influence legislative
action." But Mr. Young said the ads were "representational activity" about
contract issues, not lobbying.

"Asking the public to support [state store] members is no different than asking
them to support our members at grocery stores," he said.

The state Ethics Commission, which investigates alleged violations of the law,
hasn't weighed in on that question. While it has issued advisory opinions
concerning disclosure, it has rarely investigated lobbying reports. Out of 92
cases where the commission fined violators, 91 involved simple paperwork
problems, mostly failing to file reports on time.

Robert Caruso, the commission's executive director, said that generally, anyone
who performs 20 hours or $2,500 worth of lobbying per quarter should register as
a lobbyist. But "unless we have something concrete - like we know you were in
the General Assembly for 25 hours - it's difficult to determine" a violation.
The commission has six investigators, who also police the ethics of public
officials statewide.

"The commission has a Herculean job, but they are underfunded," said Gene Stilp,
a government activist.

A formal complaint would spur a full ethics investigation, but none has been
filed against the UFCW, even after conservative media attacked its filings last
year.

"We thought a complaint would be most effective coming from someone with a more
obvious stake, like a legislator, said Mr. Bouder. That no one had done so, he
said, was "a disappointment."

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Chris Potter: cpotter@post-gazette.com or 412-263-2533.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              530 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Arizona Daily Sun (Flagstaff)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 20, 2010 Tuesday

Council to discuss lobbying trip ethics

BYLINE: Joe Ferguson, The Arizona Daily Sun, Flagstaff

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 556 words


Apr. 20--The Flagstaff City Council will discuss an ethics policy for
councilmembers tonight, less than two weeks after a leaked confidential memo by
the city of Flagstaff's Washington, D.C., lobbyist came to light.

The Council is unlikely to discuss the contents of the memo itself. An opinion
by Flagstaff's city attorney suggested any discussion of the memo needed to be
postponed until after the May 18 general election "to avoid any appearance that
city resources are being used to influence an election in violation of (state
law)."

The ethics discussion was prompted by Councilmember Coral Evans, who wants to
establish guidelines for Council members when representing the city, including
on lobbying trips.

Mayor Sara Presler has been criticized for meeting with outside groups like
Emily's List and Service Employees International Union while on taxpayer-funded
lobbying trips to D.C.

The city charter is silent on the issue and a spokesperson for the attorney
general said state law does not preclude officials from visiting with political
groups while on taxpayer-funded trips.

Also on the agenda is a formal discussion of the lobbying contract with the
city's lobbyist, which is up for renewal in the coming weeks. The city has had a
contract with Landry, Creedon and Associates for about eight years.

The Council is also expected to revisit the Council's travel policy, including
the role of the mayor in Washington, D.C., lobbying efforts.

The four-page memo written by lobbyist Bob Holmes was dated as being drafted
after a lobbying trip to D.C. last July by Presler. It gives examples of what
Holmes calls "unprofessional" conduct by Presler that he contends damages the
city's ability to effectively lobby for federal funding.

Presler has called the memo "little more than unsubstantiated gossip" that was
inaccurate and deliberately misleading. She contended that the timing of the
release last week was in retaliation for her vote last year against the $122,610
contract for state and federal lobbying -- two months before the memo was
supposedly written.

The memo was released a week and half ago by City Manager Kevin Burke after
Councilmember Joe Haughey, who is running against Presler for mayor, notified
Burke that he was aware of the existence of the memo. Burke, who said he was
earlier alerted by Holmes to the memo but did not act on it, requested a copy
from the lobbyist after hearing from Haughey and distributed a redacted copy to
the Council.

Haughey has refused to divulge who leaked it to his campaign. In a statement to
the media, Haughey said a "concerned citizen" gave the memo to a member of
Haughey's campaign unsolicited.

A review of Haughey's city e-mail account suggests the controversial memo was
not sent to his city account.

Haughey did receive several e-mails from Holmes during the last year but all
were unrelated and had been sent to the entire city council, not just Haughey.

To see more of The Arizona Daily Sun, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.azdailysun.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Arizona Daily Sun, Flagstaff
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100420-FF-LOBBYING-TRIP-ETHICS-20100420

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FF


                      Copyright 2010 The Arizona Daily Sun


                              531 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                          September 8, 2004 Wednesday

N.Y. Gaming Firms Lobbying Hard

BYLINE: By WILLIAM F. HAMMOND JR., Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 786 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


People angling for a piece of the Indian casino action in New York are pouring
millions into lobbying fees and campaign donations, making them one of the
biggest-spending interest groups at the state Capitol.

Indian tribes, casino management companies, and would-be casino developers laid
out almost $1.1 million in lobbying fees in 2003 alone, according to a check of
public records by The New York Sun.

Those same interests have contributed at least $548,000 to state lawmakers over
the past five years.

The casino interests have hired some of the best-connected lobbyists in Albany,
including Patrician Lynch, formerly the top aide to Assembly Speaker Sheldon
Silver of Manhattan; David Dudley and Michael Avella, former counsels to Senate
Majority Leader Joseph Bruno of Rensselaer County, and the firm of Plunkett and
Jaffe, where Governor Pataki worked before taking office.

The big gambling cash started flowing into state politics in the late 1990s,
when the lawmakers - concerned that federal law would give Indian tribes a
monopoly on gambling revenue - considered and then rejected a constitutional
amendment to legalize ordinary commercial casinos.

The gambling industry took a new interest in Albany in late 2001,during the
fiscal crisis brought on by the September 11 attacks, when Governor Pataki and
the Legislature authorized the construction of up to six new Indian-sponsored
casinos in western New York and the Catskills.

New York has four Indian-run casinos: Turning Stone, built by the Oneida Indian
Nation near Utica in 1993; the Akwesasne Mohawk Casino, which opened near the
Canadian border in 1999, and two opened by the Seneca Nation of Indians under
the new law, in Niagara Falls in 2003 and Salamanca this year.

All the money changing hands over these deals has produced two scandals.

Caesars Entertainment, which is cooperating with the Mohawks to open a casino in
the Catskills, is under investigation for allegedly making improper gifts to
Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver of Manhattan. During a trip to Las Vegas in
January 2002, Mr. Silver paid $109 a night for a 1,140 square-foot luxury suite
that normally lists for $1,500.Mr.Silver is due to testify in person before the
state Lobbying Commission next week.

In 2000, Atlantic City casino mogul Donald Trump and his lobbyist, Roger Stone,
admitted they had secretly bankrolled an anti-casino ad campaign by a nonprofit
group called the Institute for Law and Society. Mr. Trump's company paid
$250,000 to settle the case with the state Lobbying Commission - the second
largest fine in the commission's history.

Mr. Trump's efforts to block casinos in New York go back to the debate over the
constitutional amendment, which he opposed. The Republican-led Senate was
preparing to give the amendment second passage, which would have sent it to
voters for final approval, when Mr. Trump's company made a strategically timed
donation of $25,000 to the Democratic Senate Campaign Committee under the
then-minority leader, Martin Connor of Brooklyn.

With the Democrats planning to vote no, the Senate majority leader, Joseph
Bruno, opted not to bring the matter to the floor for a vote and the amendment
died.

Mr. Trump is party to a lawsuit aimed at overturning the 2001 law on
constitutional grounds. The case is pending before the state's highest court.

The Seneca Nation of Indians spent $1.9 million on lobbying in 2003, more than
any other gambling concern and the third most of any interest group at Albany.
Much of that money went toward an advertising campaign claiming that Indian-run
businesses should not be subject to state taxes.

The Senecas have used their money to retain four outside lobbyists, including
Patricia Lynch Associates, Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld, Carr Public Affairs,
and the Rapplyea Lobbying Group, headed by a former minority leader of the
Assembly, Clarence Rapplyea.

Patricia Lynch Associates collected a total of $255,000 in fees from four
casino-related clients in 2003, more than any other firm.

Mr. Trump, who also has substantial real estate holdings in New York, was the
biggest casino-related campaign donor over the past five years, contributing
$168,000 under his own name and another $45,000 through his company, Trump
Hotels & Casino Resorts.

After him was the Oneida Indian Nation, which gave more than $200,000.

The biggest recipient of casino-related donations during that period was the
Senate Republican Campaign Committee, which collected $97,500, followed by the
Democratic Senate Campaign Committee, at $68,875, and the Democratic Assembly
Campaign Committee, at $49,950.The Republican State Committee, Attorney General
Eliot Spitzer, and gubernatorial candidate Andrew Cuomo were tied at $31,000
each.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                          September 8, 2004 Wednesday

N.Y. Gaming Firms Lobbying Hard

BYLINE: By WILLIAM F. HAMMOND JR., Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 786 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


People angling for a piece of the Indian casino action in New York are pouring
millions into lobbying fees and campaign donations, making them one of the
biggest-spending interest groups at the state Capitol.

Indian tribes, casino management companies, and would-be casino developers laid
out almost $1.1 million in lobbying fees in 2003 alone, according to a check of
public records by The New York Sun.

Those same interests have contributed at least $548,000 to state lawmakers over
the past five years.

The casino interests have hired some of the best-connected lobbyists in Albany,
including Patrician Lynch, formerly the top aide to Assembly Speaker Sheldon
Silver of Manhattan; David Dudley and Michael Avella, former counsels to Senate
Majority Leader Joseph Bruno of Rensselaer County, and the firm of Plunkett and
Jaffe, where Governor Pataki worked before taking office.

The big gambling cash started flowing into state politics in the late 1990s,
when the lawmakers - concerned that federal law would give Indian tribes a
monopoly on gambling revenue - considered and then rejected a constitutional
amendment to legalize ordinary commercial casinos.

The gambling industry took a new interest in Albany in late 2001,during the
fiscal crisis brought on by the September 11 attacks, when Governor Pataki and
the Legislature authorized the construction of up to six new Indian-sponsored
casinos in western New York and the Catskills.

New York has four Indian-run casinos: Turning Stone, built by the Oneida Indian
Nation near Utica in 1993; the Akwesasne Mohawk Casino, which opened near the
Canadian border in 1999, and two opened by the Seneca Nation of Indians under
the new law, in Niagara Falls in 2003 and Salamanca this year.

All the money changing hands over these deals has produced two scandals.

Caesars Entertainment, which is cooperating with the Mohawks to open a casino in
the Catskills, is under investigation for allegedly making improper gifts to
Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver of Manhattan. During a trip to Las Vegas in
January 2002, Mr. Silver paid $109 a night for a 1,140 square-foot luxury suite
that normally lists for $1,500.Mr.Silver is due to testify in person before the
state Lobbying Commission next week.

In 2000, Atlantic City casino mogul Donald Trump and his lobbyist, Roger Stone,
admitted they had secretly bankrolled an anti-casino ad campaign by a nonprofit
group called the Institute for Law and Society. Mr. Trump's company paid
$250,000 to settle the case with the state Lobbying Commission - the second
largest fine in the commission's history.

Mr. Trump's efforts to block casinos in New York go back to the debate over the
constitutional amendment, which he opposed. The Republican-led Senate was
preparing to give the amendment second passage, which would have sent it to
voters for final approval, when Mr. Trump's company made a strategically timed
donation of $25,000 to the Democratic Senate Campaign Committee under the
then-minority leader, Martin Connor of Brooklyn.

With the Democrats planning to vote no, the Senate majority leader, Joseph
Bruno, opted not to bring the matter to the floor for a vote and the amendment
died.

Mr. Trump is party to a lawsuit aimed at overturning the 2001 law on
constitutional grounds. The case is pending before the state's highest court.

The Seneca Nation of Indians spent $1.9 million on lobbying in 2003, more than
any other gambling concern and the third most of any interest group at Albany.
Much of that money went toward an advertising campaign claiming that Indian-run
businesses should not be subject to state taxes.

The Senecas have used their money to retain four outside lobbyists, including
Patricia Lynch Associates, Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld, Carr Public Affairs,
and the Rapplyea Lobbying Group, headed by a former minority leader of the
Assembly, Clarence Rapplyea.

Patricia Lynch Associates collected a total of $255,000 in fees from four
casino-related clients in 2003, more than any other firm.

Mr. Trump, who also has substantial real estate holdings in New York, was the
biggest casino-related campaign donor over the past five years, contributing
$168,000 under his own name and another $45,000 through his company, Trump
Hotels & Casino Resorts.

After him was the Oneida Indian Nation, which gave more than $200,000.

The biggest recipient of casino-related donations during that period was the
Senate Republican Campaign Committee, which collected $97,500, followed by the
Democratic Senate Campaign Committee, at $68,875, and the Democratic Assembly
Campaign Committee, at $49,950.The Republican State Committee, Attorney General
Eliot Spitzer, and gubernatorial candidate Andrew Cuomo were tied at $31,000
each.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Sacramento Bee

                             May 5, 2005, Thursday

Unclear path for telecom lobby

BYLINE: By Andrew McIntosh

LENGTH: 680 words



Lobbyists working the state Capitol for Verizon Communications Inc. and MCI Inc.
are preparing for a possible shake-up after the telecom giants unveiled an $ 8.4
billion deal this week.

It may take up to a year for federal and state regulators to approve Verizon's
takeover of MCI.

But increasing telecom industry consolidation and the changing public policy
landscape will likely affect billings and relationships in one of the most
lucrative lobbying sectors in Sacramento.

MCI's board approved Verizon's cash offer of $ 26 a share, rejecting a rival $
30-a-share offer from Qwest Communications International Inc. MCI felt Verizon
was a better fit and had healthier finances.

The California Public Utilities Commission in San Francisco must approve the
takeover and an application has been filed, said Carolyn Tyler, an MCI
spokeswoman on state issues.

Both MCI and Verizon were tight-lipped about how the takeover, if approved,
would affect their lobbying in Sacramento.

Formerly part of WorldCom, MCI has its own vice president of governmental
affairs based in San Francisco, James Lewis.

MCI also employs Lucas Advocates, run by Sacramento lobbyist Bob Lucas, and
Spencer, Roberts and Associates Inc., which is run by veteran Republican
lobbyist Karen Spencer, who acts on behalf of clients in California and
Washington, D.C.

"Nobody knows what will happen yet," said Spencer, who has acted for MCI for a
decade. "This will take some time. Verizon has decisions to make at the top that
will determine what they do as they go down the ranks."

Spencer also teaches at the University of Southern California's Sacramento
campus.

Asked about what will happen to MCI's two hired lobbyists in Sacramento, Tyler
replied, "That would be a question for Verizon."

Verizon Communications already has two of its own staff lobbyists working in
Sacramento: James Greene, an assistant vice president, and Alex Franco, state
lobbyist filings show.

The company also uses the services of two well-connected Republican lobbying
shops: the Flanagan Law Firm and Quantum Government Relations.

So far this year, Verizon has paid the latter $ 162,358 to lobby state officials
on eight different Assembly and Senate bills, state lobbying filings show.

In contrast, MCI's spending on lobbying in 2005 has been low -- only $ 29,500.
In 2003 and 2004, though, it paid its lobbyists more than $ 240,000, state
filings show.

Verizon Communications also owns 55 percent of Verizon Wireless, which has its
own lobbying operations and interests.

The wireless affiliate, which has spent $ 66,529 on general lobbying in 2005,
also uses the Flanagan Law Firm. Its efforts are supplemented by lobbyists at
Sloat Higgins Jensen and Associates, state filings show.

Jonathan Davies, a spokesman for Verizon in Northern California, could not say
if the company would trim its lobbying or spending on advocacy after the
takeover.

"Verizon has always been present in the Capitol and that won't change. We will
have an office and a presence," Davies said.

David Fish, a senior Verizon official in Washington, D.C., said the company must
first secure approvals from the Federal Communications Commission, the federal
Department of Justice and European Union before it even considers cuts of any
kind.

One observer suggested that Verizon may make no cuts because it must ensure its
interests are as well represented in California as its rivals, SBC
Communications and AT&T.

Verizon Communications is politically active statewide, donating $ 573,000 since
2003 to campaigns for or against various ballot initiatives, campaign finance
records show.


-----

To see more of The Sacramento Bee, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sacbee.com. Copyright (c) 2005, The Sacramento Bee, Calif.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.  VZ, MCIP, Q,

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SA-TELECOM-20050505

JOURNAL-CODE: SA

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                         Copyright 2005 Sacramento Bee


                              534 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                          September 13, 2006 Wednesday

SECTION: MORNING BUSINESS

LENGTH: 358 words


New Strategy. CJ Strategies, the Democratic lobbying firm that spun off from the
scandal-embroiled Copeland Lowery Jacquez Denton & White, has filed lobbying
registrations for 17 clients previously represented by the old firm, according
to Senate public records.

Lobbyists James Copeland and Lynette Jacquez, who were name partners in the
Copeland Lowery firm, split with their one-time Republican partners earlier this
year after Bill Lowery and Letitia White were linked in news stories to a probe
into earmarks involving House Appropriations Chairman Jerry Lewis (R-Calif.) and
lobbyists he was close to.

CJ Strategies has signed up former Copeland Lowery clients such as the San
Jos[#x17d] State University Foundation; Alameda County in California; the
California state Senate; the city of Riverside, Calif.; and the Kaweah Delta
Hospital Foundation, among others.

So Long to the Lobbying Lady. Labor leaders, Members and friends will bid a
final farewell to the legendary labor lobbyist Evelyn Dubrow at a 9:30 a.m.
memorial service Thursday at AFL-CIO headquarters on 16th Street Northwest.

The 4-foot-11-inch Dubrow, who died June 20 at age 95, spent more than four
decades working the halls of Congress for the International Ladies' Garment
Workers Union, and then its successor union, the Union of Needletrades,
Industrial and Textile Employees.

The service will be co-hosted by UNITE-HERE (the union's current name) and the
AFL-CIO. Several Members are expected to speak, including Sen. Edward Kennedy
(D-Mass.) and Reps. Sherwood Boehlert (R-N.Y.), Charlie Rangel (D-N.Y.), George
Miller (D-Calif.) and Marcy Kaptur (D-Ohio).

Judgment Day. A federal judge on Friday turned down a request for a new trial,
as well as a motion to overturn the jury verdict, by David Safavian, the former
Bush administration official convicted of obstruction and lying to federal
investigators about his relationship with ex-lobbyist Jack Abramoff.

Safavian will now be sentenced on Oct. 27. He faces up to five years in prison
and a $250,000 fine on each of the four counts, although a sentence of 15 to 21
months is expected.

- Kate Ackley, Bree Hocking and John Bresnahan

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Roll Call, Inc.


                              535 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 28, 2006 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Lobbyist Turns Senator but Twists Same Arms

BYLINE: By SHERYL GAY STOLBERG

SECTION: Section A; Column 3; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1301 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 27


It might be said that Senator John Thune went through the revolving door --
backward.

As a lobbyist in 2003 and 2004, Mr. Thune earned $220,000 from the Dakota,
Minnesota & Eastern Railroad, a small but ambitious company in South Dakota. The
railroad hopes to rebuild and rehabilitate 1,300 miles of track, the nation's
largest proposed railroad expansion in more than a century.

Now, as a junior senator from South Dakota, Mr. Thune is working to make that
happen, raising questions about whether there should be curbs on
lobbyists-turned-lawmakers in the same way that there are on those who take the
more traditional route of leaving Capitol Hill for K Street.

Last year, his first in the Senate, Mr. Thune wrote language into a
transportation bill expanding the pot of federal loan money for small railroads,
enabling his former client to apply for $2.5 billion in government financing for
its project. The loan has yet to be approved; Mr. Thune said he was trying to
promote economic development in his home state.

''I don't apologize, and never will,'' said Mr. Thune, a Republican, ''for
working for South Dakota companies that are creating South Dakota jobs.''

There are no legal restrictions on the legislative activities of former
lobbyists who get elected to Congress. But in the wake of the Jack Abramoff
lobbying scandal and the subsequent focus on ethics, Mr. Thune's experience has
put a spotlight on what some experts call ''the reverse revolving door.''

The issue is among those likely to be debated on Tuesday, when the Senate
Committee on Rules and Administration meets to draft changes to the lobbying
law. Senator Mark Dayton, Democrat of Minnesota and a member of the rules
committee, is furious with Mr. Thune over the rail project, and intends to
propose language imposing a two-year ban on lawmakers' getting ''personally and
substantially'' involved in matters affecting former clients.

''This makes some of the Jack Abramoff deals look like penny ante,'' said Mr.
Dayton, who has a prominent constituent, the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn.,
that is fighting the rail expansion. ''It's the most despicable special-interest
deal I've ever seen in all my 30 years in government.''

Independent experts do not go that far, and Mr. Thune, a former House member and
former South Dakota state railroad director, has a long history with railroad
issues. Yet some outside experts agree with Mr. Dayton that a cooling-off period
for former lobbyists is necessary.

Currently, lawmakers and Congressional aides are barred from lobbying former
colleagues on Capitol Hill for one year after leaving public office. On Tuesday,
Senator Trent Lott, Republican of Mississippi and the chairman of the rules
committee, is expected to propose legislation that would go further, rescinding
House and Senate floor privileges for former lawmakers who become registered
lobbyists.

Mr. Lott's bill does not address the issue of lobbyists who get elected to
Congress. But Keith Ashdown, vice president of Taxpayers for Common Sense, a
government watchdog group, said lobbyists-turned-lawmakers should step aside
from legislation involving former clients.

And James Thurber, an expert in money and politics at American University in
Washington who has testified before the rules panel, said candidates should not
lobby for a year before Election Day.

''If they're going to be running for the Senate or the House they should not be
lobbying right up to the election,'' Professor Thurber said, adding: ''The
conflict of interest is too serious. In a representative democracy, you have to
be very careful about cutting off the linkages to specialized interests while
you're in office, as well as just before you get in office and after you
leave.''

According to public records and a list compiled by Professor Thurber, at least
eight current members of Congress worked as lobbyists before being elected.
Some, like Mr. Thune and Representative Dan Lungren, Republican of California,
became lobbyists during a hiatus in public service.

Mr. Lungren, a former House member and California attorney general, worked as a
lobbyist from the late 1990's until he returned to the House in 2005. Mr. Thune,
who retired from the House in 2002, began lobbying after he lost his bid for a
Senate seat that year. He continued through 2004, when he ran again and won.

His one-man company, the Thune Group, which he operated out of his Sioux Falls
home, had just four clients, all with South Dakota connections; they included a
boneless-beef manufacturer, a company that builds ethanol plants and a major
hospital in Sioux Falls. He was also affiliated with a Washington-based law
firm, Arent Fox, representing a recycling facility and the National Milk
Producers Federation.

Others have had far more extensive client lists. Representative Doris Matsui,
Democrat of California, represented dozens of clients -- including agricultural
associations, a pharmaceutical business and Verizon, the telephone company --
while her late husband, Robert, was serving in Congress. She was elected to fill
his seat when he died.

Still others, like Senators Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee, and Robert
F. Bennett, Republican of Utah, have not lobbied for years. Mr. Bennett opened
the Washington office of the J.C. Penney Company in the 1960's, he said, back in
the days ''when lobbyists didn't earn as much as members.''

Mr. Bennett said he saw nothing wrong with Mr. Thune's work; he said lobbyists
often had expertise that could translate into good public policy.

''I left Penney's in 1969 to join the Nixon administration and I didn't come to
the Senate until 1992, but I brought with me a residual understanding of
retailing and retailing issues,'' Mr. Bennett said. ''That expertise was
helpful, and I did some things, frankly, that were helpful to the J.C. Penney
Company. If it's good public policy, the fact that I brought that experience and
expertise with me probably contributed to it.''

That is precisely Mr. Thune's argument.

As the railroad's lobbyist, he helped Dakota, Minnesota & Eastern obtain a $230
million loan from the Federal Railroad Administration. The company president,
Kevin V. Schieffer -- a former chief of staff to a previous South Dakota
senator, Larry Pressler -- said that Mr. Thune had ''real bona fide rail
industry experience,'' and that he did not see any conflict.

''He got his last check from us a long time ago,'' Mr. Schieffer said.

Mr. Thune said the work convinced him that the same loan program could finance
the big rail expansion, intended to transport so-called ''clean-burning coal''
from the Powder River Basin in Wyoming to the East Coast. Mr. Thune said the
project was in keeping with President Bush's energy policy and would also create
thousands of jobs in South Dakota.

The trouble was, the loan program was too small -- just $3.5 billion all told,
with $1 billion for smaller railroads like the Dakota, Minnesota & Eastern. So
Mr. Thune, drawing on existing legislation that was stalled, proposed increasing
it to $35 billion, with $7 billion for small railroads. Although the Senate
initially passed a lesser amount, Mr. Thune persuaded colleagues to include the
full $35 billion when the transportation bill went to conference with the House.

Mr. Dayton, who once co-sponsored a similar bill but now says that doing so was
a mistake, calls the loan provision a ''totally irresponsible boondoggle.'' Mr.
Thune says that everything was done in the open, and that his constituents
elected him knowing exactly whom he had worked for, and how much he was paid.

''If you start banning elected officials from using their working knowledge on
behalf of constituents,'' he said, ''I think it would greatly erode our
representative form of government.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: March 2, 2006



CORRECTION: A chart on Tuesday listing lobbyists who became politicians referred
incorrectly to Representative Dan Lungren's election in 2004. Mr. Lungren, who
represented Long Beach, Calif., from 1979 to 1989, was elected to represent the
Sacramento area in 2004. He was not re-elected to his old seat.

A chart on Tuesday listing lobbyists who became politicians referred incorrectly
to Representative Dan Lungren's election in 2004. Mr. Lungren, who represented
Long Beach, Calif., from 1979 to 1989, was elected to represent the Sacramento
area in 2004. He was not re-elected to his old seat.

GRAPHIC: Chart/Photos: ''Former Lives''Some members of Congress have worked as
lobbyists either before they entered public service or during a hiatus. Here are
four:MEMBER OF CONGRESSREPRESENTATIVE JO ANN EMERSONRepublican, Missouri Elected
to Congress in 1996.LOBBYING ACTIVITIESMs. Emerson lobbied for the American
Insurance Association from 1994 to 1996.REPRESENTATIVE DAN LUNGRENRepublican,
California Served in House 1979-89
served as California's attorney general 1991-99
re-elected to his old seat in Congress in 2004.LOBBYING ACTIVITIESFrom 2001 to
2003, Mr. Lungren worked as a lawyer and lobbyist for the Venable law firm. His
clients included Bear Stearns, Coalition for Indian Development, Hilton,
Marriott, Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund and Lockheed Martin.REPRESENTATIVE
DORIS MATSUIDemocrat, California After the death of her husband, Representative
Robert T. Matsui, she was elected to succeed him in an election in March 2005.
LOBBYING ACTIVITIESAfter serving in the Clinton White House (1993-98), Ms.
Matsui joined the law firm of Collier Shannon Scott and lobbied for numerous
companies and organizations, including Verizon, Hershey Foods, Budget Rent a Car
and Fannie Mae.SENATOR JOHN THUNERepublican, South Dakota Elected to the House
in 1996 and served three terms
 elected to Senate in 2004.LOBBYING ACTIVITIESAfter he left Congress in January
2003, Mr. Thune lobbied for the National Milk Producers Federation through a
Washington law firm and independently lobbied for several companies including
DM&E Railroad, based in Sioux Falls, and Broin Companies, an ethanol producer,
also in Sioux Falls.(Source by United States Senate Office of Public
Records)(pg. A15)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              536 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           January 1, 2004, Thursday

YANKS BALK, BUT PAY 75G FOR TIX LOBBYING'

BYLINE: FREDRIC U. DICKER State Editor

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 009

LENGTH: 397 words


ALBANY - They could be called the most expensive "complimentary" tickets in
Yankees history.

The Yanks agreed yesterday to pay a whopping $75,000 fine to settle a complaint
from the state Lobbying Commission that the team failed to disclose as a
lobbying expense dozens of tickets given to public officials.

Recipients included City Council Speaker Gifford Miller, Police Commissioner
Raymond Kelly, Manhattan DA Robert Morgenthau and Bronx Borough President Adolfo
Carrin.

Yankees spokesman Howard Rubenstein insisted the team disagreed with the
commission's view that it engaged in lobbying, but said the club wanted to end
what had become an embarrassing dispute.

"To satisfy a technical discrepancy and to ensure that there is no doubt of the
Yankees' intentions to be in full compliance, the Yankees have agreed to resolve
this matter by amending certain reports filed with the commission and agreeing
to pay $75,000," Rubenstein said in a statement.

The team could have been fined up to $100,000.

Top Yankee officials, including owner George Steinbrenner and President Randy
Levine, were subpoenaed to testify by the commission last week as part of an
investigation of complimentary tickets issued for the 2002 and 2003 seasons.

But commission spokesman Kris Thompson said the new settlement means the
officials will not have to testify.

"The Yankees have addressed our concerns relative to the distribution of tickets
to public officials . . . The matter has been resolved," said Thompson.

The Yankees also agreed to file additional information with the commission about
the free tickets within 30 days, Thompson said.

Under state laws, companies and individuals have to report all gifts worth more
than $75 to public officials.

Mayor Bloomberg's office issued a statement denying some media reports that the
billionaire mayor had accepted free Yankee tickets.

"Mayor Bloomberg always pays in order to attend Yankee post-season games as well
as regular-season games," said the statement.


LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WE GOT 'EM: A state panel has ruled that complimentary tickets to
Yankee games for these four public officials and others amounts to lobbying:
Robert Morgenthau, Manhattan DA; Adolfo Carrion, Bronx boro prez; Gifford
Miller, Council Speaker; Ray Kelly, Police Commissioner.  Photos: Michael
Norcia, Thomas Hinton, Jose A. Rivera, Robert Kalfus

           Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              537 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 31, 1998, Tuesday, Final Edition

U.S. Territory's Lobbyist Detailed Plans Against Interior Dept. Office

William Branigin, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A15; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 855 words


One of the nation's top lobbying firms is training its sights on an Interior
Department office that has become increasingly critical of one of the firm's
main clients, a controversial U.S. territory in the western Pacific, according
to a leaked memo.

The law firm, Preston Gates Ellis & Rouvelas Meeds, said it would use its
influence on Capitol Hill to abolish or "severely restrict" Interior's Office of
Insular Affairs, according to the e-mail memo, copies of which have been sent
anonymously to news organizations. It proposes the action as part of a
far-reaching campaign to counter mounting allegations of human rights and labor
violations in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.

The territory has paid Preston Gates $ 4.25 million over the past two years to
head off a threatened imposition of federal immigration and minimum-wage
controls on the islands, a solution strongly pushed by the Office of Insular
Affairs and its director, Allen P. Stayman.

Written by Jack Abramoff, the Seattle-based firm's chief lobbyist on the
Northern Marianas, the four-page e-mail, dated Jan. 31, provides a rare glimpse
into the inner workings of a high-powered lobbying campaign. The memo, which
Abramoff says was "stolen" by an unidentified culprit, suggests that Preston
Gates has successfully used a series of junkets for lawmakers and their staff
members to ensure that Congress does its bidding.

It also indicates that the islands' most powerful tycoon, garment manufacturer
Willie Tan, has a key role in setting the budget for the campaign. The e-mail,
addressed to Tan and two of his aides, referred to a message from Tan discussing
the budget for a lobbying campaign. The U.S. Labor Department fined Tan $ 12
million in 1992 after finding labor law violations at a garment factory he owns
in the islands.

Abramoff said in an interview that Tan has not paid Preston Gates's lobbying
fees. After a new governor took office in January, Tan was among a number of
commonwealth residents who urged the firm to lower its fees in view of "the
fiscal crisis that hit the islands," Abramoff said. The former governor, Froilan
Tenorio, left a budget deficit of $ 35 million, much of which was used to pay
lobbyists and consultants under sole-source contracts, auditors have found.

Preston Gates is "finalizing" a new lobbying contract with the administration of
the new governor, Pedro P. Tenorio, the uncle of Froilan Tenorio, Abramoff said.

The lobbying plan, according to the e-mail, was aimed primarily at using
congressional hearings, scheduled to begin in the Senate today, to "impeach
Stayman and his campaign against the CNMI, enabling us to then go to the
appropriations process and either defund or severely restrict his activities."

It said the firm would focus on "working with the garment industry to get
friendly workers (one Chinese, one Filipino, one Bangladeshi) to DC for the
hearings" and on "ensuring our lead friends in the House and Senate are ready to
conduct our game plan by [the] hearing date."

Other planned activities included "preparing the Stayman attack" and "preparing
legislation to be introduced into the appropriations process. . . ." It said
that "thanks to past trips" to the tropical islands, the CNMI has "many friends
on the Appropriations Committees in the Congress."

According to the Office of Insular Affairs, at least eight House members have
made the trip, including Majority Whip Thomas DeLay (R-Tex.). Also, more than 75
congressional staff members -- most of them Republicans -- have made CNMI-paid
trips in the last two years, according to Roll Call, a Capitol Hill newspaper.

The e-mail, which said that Stayman's office "has been the main source of
difficulty" for the CNMI, suggested that it would be better to enact funding
restrictions to stop Stayman from attacking the commonwealth rather than to
close his office, which could generate "hostile" news coverage and allow the
Clinton administration to move Stayman and his duties to another office.

The electronic memo also said that when President Clinton last year called for a
federal takeover of immigration and the minimum wage in the CNMI, Preston Gates
had "organized the Congressional leadership response letter within 24 hours."
This apparently referred to a letter in which House Republican leaders Richard
K. Armey (Tex.) and DeLay assured then-Gov. Froilan Tenorio that they would
block Clinton's plan in Congress. According to federal records, Abramoff and his
wife have contributed $ 4,000 to DeLay's 1998 reelection campaign.

Abramoff said the e-mail was "basically a strategy memo of different options and
ideas and not an implementation memo." He declined to identify the congressional
"friends" mentioned in it.

Stayman said the Preston Gates e-mail reflects a CNMI strategy that is
"essentially one of stonewalling" on calls for reforms. He said successive
administrations have been trying to get the commonwealth to address its
problems, but that authorities there keep "taking advice from people who suggest
the solution . . . is to just attack the messenger."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              538 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 20, 2005 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Legislators Short on Time To Carry Out Reform Vows

BYLINE: By MICHAEL COOPER

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1343 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, June 17


In Albany, the talk this year has been of reform.

After voters complained loudly about the state of state government, many
incumbents won re-election in November pledging to shake things up here.
Lawmakers passsed the budget on time for the first time in 21 years.

But with the legislative session hurtling toward a close on Thursday, the lack
of agreement among the powers that be -- Gov. George E. Pataki; the State Senate
majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno; and the Assembly speaker, Sheldon Silver -- on
what to do about the state's ethics, lobbying and campaign finance laws could
leave much of the status quo in place for another year.

Take campaign finance. Assemblywoman Diane Gordon, Democrat of Brooklyn, has not
filed the last seven campaign finance disclosure reports she is required to by
state law, but the State Board of Elections says it is powerless to force her to
comply. Since 2000 the board has sued her 16 times, and has won the maximum
penalty -- which is only $500 -- in most of the cases. But she has not paid. Her
campaign owes the board nearly $7,400 in penalties, state records show.

Ms. Gordon did not return two calls for comment.

The state's campaign finance laws are not only hard to enforce, but very lax
compared with those of New York City and the federal government. The state
allows candidates to spend their campaign contributions on everything from cars,
trips and flowers to criminal defense lawyers.

And the largely unregulated, unlimited ''soft money'' contributions banned by
the federal government continue to pour into state campaigns, sometimes in
$100,000 increments.

Such contributions, made to a Republican Party account, paid for an assistant
for the state's first lady, Libby Pataki.

But with no three-way agreement between the three top leaders, nothing can
change. The Republican governor proposed lowering contribution limits, improving
enforcement, banning soft money, and requiring more disclosure.

The Democratic-led Assembly passed a bill that would do much of that, but also
allow for publicly financed elections, which the governor opposes. The
Republican-led State Senate has yet to pass a campaign finance bill this
session.

Then there is the state's system of public authorities, which operate in
relative obscurity. The head of the Bridge Authority -- the father-in-law of one
of the governor's top political advisers -- pleaded guilty last year to trying
to charge the state for personal trips to Florida and Texas.

A contract was voided last year that would have awarded development rights to
land along the Erie Canal to a politically connected businessman for just
$30,000. And the New York Racing Association, which runs the state's racetracks,
still operates under a federal monitor because it was indicted on tax fraud
charges, and audits have uncovered millions of dollars in questionable
expenditures there.

The Assembly has passed a bill to provide more oversight of the authorities, the
Senate has been working on a proposal, and Governor Pataki has appointed a
commission to study the issues and has proposed his own bill. But officials and
lobbyists say the chances of a three-way agreement by Thursday are far from
certain. In Albany, the saying goes, it takes three to tango.

It is unclear whether the state will close a loophole in its ethics law that
allows government workers to evade ethics penalties by quitting their jobs.
Officials say the loophole has left them powerless to impose fines on dozens of
workers who took advantage of it. Although the Assembly passed a bill supported
by the governor to close the loophole, the Senate has not. One sticking point,
lobbyists and lawmakers say, is whether the bill should apply to lawmakers as
well as state officials.

There is also talk of strengthening the state's lobbying laws, but it is unclear
what form it will take. At issue is lobbying for state contracts, which, under
current law, does not have to be reported the way lobbying to influence
legislation does.

Attorney General Eliot Spitzer proposed a ban on contract lobbying, arguing that
in competitive bidding, any lobbying that goes beyond providing basic
information is unnecessary. Others question whether a ban would be practical,
and say contract lobbying should simply be disclosed, just as legislative
lobbying is now.

Governor Pataki is pushing for more control over the state's Lobbying
Commission, arguing that if the state process on contracts is put under
scrutiny, the executive branch should have a bigger role in shaping the
commission. The Legislature is resisting.

Then there is the question of gifts. The governor and the attorney general say
all gifts from lobbyists should be banned, but lawmakers are resisting, and
leaning toward leaving the current $75 gift limit in place.

How the issue of lobbying is settled could have a real impact on Albany because
of the large role that lobbyists, many with close ties to the leaders, play.

Common Cause, a nonprofit public affairs organization, reported this week that
supporters and opponents of the West Side stadium for the New York Jets, which
was killed here this session, spent nearly $42 million lobbying, and said the
number could grow as more reports are filed.

Former state officials, associates and even relatives of the state's leaders can
earn millions by lobbying the state government.

Consider one big issue facing the Legislature before it adjourns: whether to
ratify a land claim settlement with the Akwesasne Mohawks that would allow them
to build a casino in the Catskills.

The Senate has been pushing for a broader deal involving more tribes, which
would allow three casinos in the Catskills. Casino opponents note that the sons
of at least two state senators are lobbying for the Wisconsin Oneidas, one of
the tribes that are still pushing for their own casinos in New York State.

Kenneth Bruno, the son of Senator Bruno, the powerful majority leader,
represents that tribe. So does Malkin & Ross, the lobbying firm that employs J.
Scott Bonacic, the son of Senator John J. Bonacic, who is influential because he
represents the area in the Catskills where the casinos would be built. The
Malkin & Ross contract calls only for lobbying at the local level, not the state
level.

John E. McArdle, a spokesman for Senator Bruno, called the lobbying efforts
''totally irrelevant'' and said that the Senate simply supported the three
Catskill casinos that were approved in 2001. ''By not having them up and
running, we're losing hundreds of millions of dollars,'' he said.

There have been changes this year, though. The most notable was the on-time
budget, a milestone that came about largely because of the complaints that
lawmakers heard from constituents when they ran for re-election last year. The
state strengthened its Freedom of Information Law, and now is closing in on a
deal to televise the Legislature across the state, a la C-Span.

The Legislature also passed a measure to overhaul the state's budget process
that will go before the voters in November. It has won the support of a number
of civic groups, who say it will improve the process, but is opposed by some
fiscal watchdogs, who say that it is an attempt to wrest power from the
governor.

There have been legislative changes as well. The old practice of empty-seat
voting, which allowed lawmakers to be counted as voting on bills even after they
left the chamber, has been largely abolished.

Both houses also changed their procedural rules in ways they said would give
more power to rank-and-file legislators. The Assembly did so with the support of
its Republican minority, but the Senate did so over the objections of the
Democratic minority.

But with time running out, civic groups pushing their own agendas are being
forced into a kind of triage, and to devote most of their energy to the few
issues where an agreement still seems likely, like contract lobbying. Some worry
that if there are no agreements in other areas this year, proclaimed as a year
of reform, there may not be for some time.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              539 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  November 11, 1992, Wednesday, Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

Clinton to Curb Aides' Future Lobbying;
Ethical Guidelines Due Soon to Signal Break With Past, Advisers Say

Michael Weisskopf, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 1051 words

DATELINE: LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Nov. 10, 1992


President-elect Clinton plans to issue ethical guidelines as early as this week
for top officials of his administration that would significantly tighten
restrictions on lobbying activities after they leave government, advisers said
today.

By issuing guidelines so early, even before the presidential transition team is
complete, advisers said, Clinton hopes to signal a sharp break from
business-as-usual and a commitment to the highest standards of official
behavior.

Warren M. Christopher, director of Clinton's transition, told a reporter tonight
that the guidelines could be ready for release as early as Thursday, when
Clinton will hold his first news conference since the election.

Transition team spokesman George Stephanopoulos said in an interview that the
ethics package would reflect Clinton's campaign pledge to impose a five-year ban
on former top appointees from lobbying their old agencies and a lifetime ban on
lobbying for foreign governments.

The so-called revolving door -- through which former government officials move
to private-sector jobs where they trade on their government experience -- has
long been a subject of criticism.

None of the current laws designed to slow down the revolving door goes as far as
the guidelines under consideration by Clinton. Cabinet officials are prohibited
for a year from representing a foreign government or handling a matter before
the same agency in which they had worked.

Clinton plans to impose his guidelines in an executive order immediately after
taking office in January, but decided to make them public before his first
Cabinet appointment as a cardinal principle for accepting a post, the spokesman
said. "We want people to know them before they get set in their ways," he said.

"This is a conscious signal to people who have lost faith in government that
right up front, the officials are here to serve you," said Dee Dee Myers, a
Clinton spokeswoman. "They won't be able to serve a couple of years and cash
in."

She said that details of the ethics package were being worked out today in a
multi-city conference call among transition director Christopher in Little Rock,
transition chairman Vernon E. Jordan Jr. in Washington, and other members of the
transition board around the nation. Christopher briefed Clinton and Vice
President-elect Gore in a later meeting at the governor's mansion.

It was uncertain how deep into the ranks of appointees the restrictions would go
and precisely how they would be defined.

In the recently concluded presidential campaign, independent candidate Ross
Perot regularly complained about Bush and Reagan administration officials who
became lobbyists for foreign governments and companies. Former military and
civilian employees of the Pentagon have been criticized for going to work for
defense contractors.

Last April, a General Accounting Office study identified 82 U.S. officials,
lawmakers or senior congressional aides who went to work as lobbyists for
foreign interests during the past five years.

Perhaps the most celebrated revolving-door case was that of former Reagan deputy
chief of staff Michael K. Deaver, who became a lobbyist and was criticized for
peddling to clients his access to the White House.

Although Clinton included government ethics as a theme during his campaign, the
issue was more closely identified with Perot, leading one Clinton aide to note
the political benefits of an ethics package so soon after the election.

"It's a great way to co-opt Perot supporters," he said. "It's a declaration by
Clinton that he's ready to clean out Washington."

Asked if the standards would be so stiff that good applicants would be deterred,
Stephanopoulos said, "I hope not. A lot of people are ready to serve regardless
of restrictions."

Lloyd Cutler, a lawyer and White House counsel in the Carter administration,
said yesterday it will be "interesting" to see if the Clinton restrictions
hamper the new administration's recruitment effort. But, he said, "with this
12-year drought of bright young lawyers who came to Washington and New York to
go into public service, I don't think they'll have any trouble filling up the
place. I don't think it will have a serious consequence."

Jim Cicconi, former deputy chief of staff in the Bush White House and now a
Washington lawyer, said Clinton's "intentions are laudable. But I do think that
it could well limit their ability to draw in a lot of expertise that they might
otherwise want." For example, agriculture, space and nuclear research programs
require specific skills and knowledge that a government employee may need to
draw on after government service, he said.

Current laws "impose a lot of restrictions but little guidance on how these
things should be interpreted," Cicconi said. "You don't want to make the
restrictions more complex, you want to bring some certainty to them and also
provide deterrence to abuses. At the same time, you have to balance achieving
those objectives and being able to call on expertise to serve in the
government."

Susan Schneider of Finn and Schneider Associates, a legal search firm here, said
Clinton's tougher rules would be "I think, for some people . . . a major issue
that they have to consider, especially if they are lawyers or working in
political consulting firms where they work with foreign governments." But she
said she doubts that Clinton's decision will affect recruitment. "We haven't
seen it so far. Re'sume's appear to be going en masse down to Little Rock."

Turning to ethical questions within his own camp, Stephanopoulos said he saw no
"undue conflict" or "inconsistencies" between Clinton's emphasis on health care
and the fact that Jordan serves on the board of RJR Nabisco Inc., whose products
include cigarettes.

Anti-smoking advocates quoted in published reports yesterday questioned whether
Jordan's tobacco industry connection would create a conflict of interest for
him.

But Stephanopoulos repeated Jordan's pledge not to participate in or attend
board meetings while he serves as transition chairman.

A week after his victory, Clinton spent the day taking congratulatory calls from
foreign leaders and working on transition matters with Christopher and Gore.

Staff writer Stephen Barr in Washington contributed to this report.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

CORRECTION-DATE: November 14, 1992, Saturday, Final Edition

CORRECTION: A Federal Page chart yesterday contained incorrect biographical
information about Leon Fuerth, deputy assistant director to the Clinton
transition team for national security affairs. Fuerth, 53, served in the Foreign
Service for 10 years and was a senior staff member on the House intelligence
committee for six years before joining the staff of Sen. Albert Gore Jr.
(D-Tenn.) in 1985 as an aide for national security affairs.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, DEE DEE MYERS. AP; PHOTO

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              540 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            November 14, 2011 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

K STREET'S SUPER COMMITTEE SPLURGE DOES NOTHING TO RESOLVE DEBT

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Michelle Malkin; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 756 words


The bipartisan debt panel to nowhere is exactly where K Street lobbyists want it
to be: hopelessly deadlocked. A Nov. 23 deadline for agreement on $1.2 trillion
in budget savings is looming, but no real reductions in the size, scope or
spending of government are on the table.

Instead, we are witnessing another obscene special-interest splurge to preserve
the status quo. All in the name of "reform," of course.

THE ONLY THING "super" about the so-called budget control super committee is the
size of lobbying muscle exerted on its members. Almost 100 registered lobbyists
who are former employees of super committee members are now "representing
defense companies, health-care conglomerates, Wall Street banks and others with
a vested interest in the outcome of the panel's work," The Washington Post found
in September. This includes two dozen former staffers to Democratic Sen. Max
Baucus of Montana, including three former chiefs of staff.

On the other side of the revolving door, 10 out of the panel's 12 members have
now raked in donations from foreign registered agents totaling more than $50,000
in direct campaign contributions during 2011 alone, according to government
watchdogs. The additional amount raised through fund-raisers held by these
lobbying firms is unknown, according to the Project on Government Oversight.

Moreover, all 12 super committee members have been contacted by foreign
lobbyists, eager to secure targeted exemptions, loopholes and protectionism.

Super committee co-chairwoman Patty Murray, who refused to step down from her
fund-raising duties as head of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee,
recently met with South Korean lobbyists employed by D.C. powerhouse firm Patton
Boggs. Roll Call reported that while the panel's negotiations wouldn't have
direct bearing on free-trade deals, Murray "could have access to information
about how the timing of the debt deliberations could affect passage of the
free-trade agreements."

Patty "Pork Chop" Murray's in-your-face embrace of influence peddlers has her
populist Pacific Northwest constituents cringing. Mind you: Murray's office
boasts no fewer than 17 revolving-door staffers turned lobbyists. That's on top
of her DSCC fund-raising conflicts of interest.

THIS PAST WEEK, The Seattle Times disclosed that Murray held a two-day staff
retreat at heavyweight lobbying outfit Strategies 360, which was founded by
Democratic political operative Ron Dotzauer. The group donated meeting space to
Murray's team and skirted ethics rules by o

ffering similar deals to nonprofits. Murray's former deputy

state director, Karen Waters, is now a senior vice president at the firm.

Another of its lobbyists, Melanie Mihara, used to work for Murray's Democratic
colleague Sen. Maria Cantwell. According to OpenSecrets.org, Strategies 360 has
conducted $985,000 worth of lobbying targeting more than a dozen government
agencies this year.

A spokesman for the senator (who made her name attacking the Beltway insider
culture) sniffed that the report was a "non-story." Given Murray's status as the
second highest recipient of lobbying money among all members of Congress behind
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, her staff is right:

This little perk is chump change compared to her career haul.

Lobbying, of course, is perfectly legal. It's Murray's pretense as a white hat
public-interest crusader that should gall both sides of the aisle. One left-wing
Seattle blogger rather generously called Murray "tone-deaf" and spelled out the
rank hypocrisy of Murray's entrenched and unrepentant lobbying ties:

"This while members of her own party are up in arms over the increasing
influence of money in American politics. This while a giant hunk of the liberal
electorate is 'Occupying' the streets to protest corporate greed and
disproportional representation. This while the very term 'lobbyist' has come to
represent all that is bad about special interest influence."

Yep, all that and a bag of back-scratching chips.

MURRAY'S BACKROOM meetings come as business as usual as House Minority Leader
Nancy Pelosi grandstands over the need for more "transparency" in the super
committee dealings. After ramming through Obamacare in secret (with the help of
top staffer Brendan Daly, who is now a lobbyist for groups opposed to the law he
helped pass), Pelosi has now called for televised debt panel hearings. On
publicly broadcasting the debt panel members' meetings with lobbyists, Pelosi
will no doubt remain mum.

Remember: The "K" in "K Street" stands for "Kabuki."

Creators Syndicate

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 23, 2014 Monday
                                 Every Edition

When it comes to lobbying firms keeping their clients, bigger is not always
better

BYLINE: Catherine Ho

SECTION: METRO ; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 637 words


Client retention in the lobbying industry has little to do with size, name
recognition or earning power, according to an analysis by lobbying analytics
firm Capitol Metrics.

Most of the 10 lobby firms with the best client retention rates are relatively
small, have affordable rates, specialized expertise and lots of clients in the
nonprofit or government sectors. Only one of those 10 firms is a major U.S. law
firm (Reed Smith), and only one also ranks among K Street's 20 biggest lobby
firms by revenue (Fierce, Isakowitz & Blalock), according to 2013 publicly
disclosed lobbying revenue.

The analysis examined lobby firms that had at least 20 clients in the first
quarter of 2008 that are still active today. A client is considered "retained"
if the firm represented them in the first quarter of 2008 and still represented
them in the first quarter of 2014. That does not necessarily indicate the firm
has represented the client continuously since 2008 - they may have terminated
the relationship with the client at one point and then signed them again later.

Marcus G. Faust, a solo practitioner who founded his firm in 1981, has retained
77 percent of the clients he had in 2008 - more than any other firm during that
period, according to the analysis. Faust works almost exclusively for cities,
counties, water districts and regional utilities companies in California, Utah,
Colorado and Nevada. The drought in that region has pushed many of those
entities to interact more with federal agencies that own or manage land on water
conservation projects and other initiatives, Faust said. Most of Faust's clients
pay between $10,000 and $50,000 a quarter, according to lobbying reports. In
2013, Faust's firm reported about $2 million in lobbying revenue.

"There are other business models out there among lobbyists trying to maximize
revenue on each individual account, but the clients we have are long-term
relationships," Faust said. "They are getting value for their dollar,
particularly as many are public entities who have to justify their
expenditures."

Health and Medicine Counsel of Washington, a seven-person health lobbying
boutique that works primarily for associations and nonprofits in the health care
industry, has kept 75 percent of its clients from 2008, according to the
analysis.

"We have to keep our rates modest and moderate because we're dealing with
nonprofit organizations," said Dale Dirks, the firm's president. "That's one of
the reasons they continue to retain us ... The other thing is some organizations
come to us and want a Washington presence, but they're not sure what they should
be doing. We spend a lot of time on the front end putting together a plan that
includes realistic goals and a time frame, and as we go along, they can see
we're hitting benchmarks. One thing that contributes to high attrition rate in
clients is organizations having unrealistic expectations."

Most of the firm's clients pay $20,000 or less a quarter, and the firm in 2013
earned $895,000 in revenue, according to lobbying reports.

Dirks said his firm aims for long-term business, not "one-off" work. One of its
longest-standing clients is the Association of Minority Health Professions
Schools, which represents historically black medical, dental and veterinary
schools in the United States. The firm has lobbied on the group's behalf since
the early 1980s, on issues including securing appropriations for training
physicians and health care professionals.

"We're more in the business of securing work with organizations that have an
ongoing need or a long-term need in the appropriations process, or some sort of
health-related policy area," Dirks said. "They don't have specific needs
immediately, but know they'll need someone to represent their interest in
Washington in the long term."

catherine.ho@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                             May 18, 2011 Wednesday

Midwest Bond-Watch

BYLINE: Yvette Shields, Caitlin Devitt

SECTION: MIDWEST; Pg. 7 Vol. 376 No. 33519

LENGTH: 1186  words


ILLINOIS

Emanuel Makes His Move

After his swearing-in Monday, new Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel signed a series of
executive orders aimed at strengthening the city's ethics rules.

One of three orders he signed bars new appointees from lobbying the city for two
years after their departure. Appointees of former Mayor Richard Daley are exempt
if they leave by Nov. 16.

Lower-level employees would be banned from lobbying the agencies or departments
where they worked. Appointees to boards and commissions are banned from lobbying
the board or commission on which they sat.

Another order prohibits city lobbyists from making political contributions to
the mayor. One also strictly limits gifts or political contributions from city
employees to their superiors, including the mayor.

Emanuel also signed three ethics orders that continue rules originally imposed
by Daley. They include a ban on political contributions to the mayor from the
owners of companies that do business with Chicago.

Another requires that city employees comply with hiring rules that ban political
hiring and promotions, and yet another reaffirms that it is the duty of city
employee to report wrongdoing to the city's inspector general.

Under Daley, Chicago faced allegations that politics played a role in some
hiring and promotional policies in violation of court orders.

"These executive orders will help restore Chicagoans' confidence in their city
government," Emanuel said in a statement. "My first official act as mayor sends
a clear message that all operations of city government must be guided by a
spirit of public service."

On Tuesday, he announced measures aimed at trimming $75 million from the $6.15
billion fiscal 2011 budget to help bring down a looming deficit in the next
budget of around $600 million. The largest savings, $31.2 million, would come
from improved grant management achieved by cutting administrative costs and
improving the city's utilization of available grant funds.

Emanuel, the new City Council, the treasurer, and the city clerk were sworn in
Monday.

- Yvette Shields

District OKs State Takeover

The East St. Louis School District 189 board last week voted to support a state
takeover of the fiscally and academically ailing system, and canceled its
contract with superintendent Theresa Saunders.

The board named chief financial officer Leroy Triefenbach as interim
superintendent.

The Illinois Board of Education will take control of the district's finances. A
liaison between the district and state boards will provide temporary oversight
until a long-term appointee is named.

The state board voted last month to take control of the district. The agreement
runs through June 30, 2014, and can be renewed annually up to three years.

- Yvette Shields

MICHIGAN

Group Challenges EFM Law

A Detroit-based group opposed to Michigan's controversial new emergency
financial-management law filed petition language with the state Board of
Canvassers for a referendum on it.

Michigan Forward, a group that describes itself as a progressive policy think
tank for urban areas, held three press conferences across the state Monday
announcing a campaign aimed at repealing the EFM law.

The law, crafted by Gov. Rick Snyder and passed by the Legislature three months
ago, gives the state broader powers to intervene in and govern fiscally stressed
local governments.

The group argues that the law gives the state too much power over local
governments and that it will have a disproportionate affect on cities with large
African-American populations.

The group needs to submit 161,000 valid signatures by next March to get the
issue on the ballot. It is working with several other groups to gather up to
250,000 signatures by the deadline.

"The best way to handle this legislation is to suspend it," Michigan Forward
chairman Brandon Jessup was quoted as saying in local reports. "We will not
surrender our cities and schools to the governor."

- Caitlin Devitt

School's Double Whammy

Moody's Investors Service last week downgraded to A2 from Aa3 the underlying
rating on the Harper Woods City School District, and assigned a negative
outlook.

The move affects $31 million of outstanding general obligation debt. The
negative credit action comes as the district suffers from a weakened financial
position and limited reserves aggravated by declining enrollment and an
above-average debt burden, Moody's said.

Harper Woods is located in Wayne County outside Detroit. Its location is both a
strength, as it gives it access to a major metropolitan area, and a drawback, as
it suffers from a depreciating tax base and weak economy.

The Harper Woods school system, like many districts in Michigan, relies heavily
on state aid, which is determined through enrollment. That reliance could mean
future challenges as the state deals with its own pressures, Moody's said.

- Caitlin Devitt

NEBRASKA

Occupation Tax Gets Axed

Nebraska lawmakers last week passed a bill that eliminates an occupation tax
imposed by Lincoln to help boost its budget.

LB 165 makes it illegal to impose an occupation tax on the sale of equipment, a
measure that outlaws Lincoln's year-old practice of imposing a 6% tax on the
sale of telecommunications equipment, such as cell phones.

The state capital already imposes a 6% tax on the sale of telephone services.

Sen. Deb Fischer, R-Valentine, sponsored the bill, which was later amended to
allow the city to collect the tax until January 2013.

The measure also limits to 6.25% the amount that a municipality can levy for
telecommunications services, though the tax rate could be increased by 0.25%
with voter approval.

The new tax was projected to raise $600,000 annually for Lincoln and was an
attempt to offset other revenue losses.

Nebraska already has some of the nation's highest taxes on telephone services,
Fischer said.

- Caitlin Devitt

OHIO

Gambling Projects on Hold

The company building casinos in Cleveland and Cincinnati halted construction
last week amid an ongoing debate by Ohio Gov. John Kasich and lawmakers about a
final gambling tax rate.

Rock Ohio Caesars last week announced that it was suspending work at both sites
- two of the four new casinos approved across by state voters last year - until
"these issues have been resolved and a reliable state economic environment is in
place," according to the Cincinnati Business Courier.

A provision in Ohio's proposed two-year budget would impose the state's 33%
commercial activity tax on all bets placed at the gambling facilities, not just
profits, the report said.

The company said the proposal had "created an environment of uncertainty
concerning the projected economic vitality of our planned developments."

The owner of the other two casinos, Penn National Gaming, also opposes the
governor's tax proposal, but has not stopped construction.

Kasich has called the constitutional amendment authorizing the four new gambling
facilities a "raw deal" for the state and hired two consulting firms to help him
maximize profits from the four new casinos.

Under the current proposal, the casinos will pay a one-time $50 million
licensing fee and a tax rate of 33% on all profits.

- Caitlin Devitt

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com/

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BB


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Many Nonprofits Seeking Exemption From New York State Donor Disclosure Law

LENGTH: 590  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Foundation Center, The State of Utah has issued the following news release:

Championed by Governor Andrew M. Cuomo, the law in question requires 501(c)(4)
groups that devote substantial resources to lobbying, including spending on
television advertisements, to disclose the names of all donors who contribute
more than $5,000. Included in the legislation is an exception for groups whose
donors might face "harm, threats, harassment, or reprisals," including civil
rights groups. One such group, NARAL Pro-Choice New York, reported that a
menacing video was posted on its Facebook page by a man later convicted of
assisting in what he thought was a plot to bomb an abortion clinic. After the
state ethics commission granted NARAL an exemption in June, at least four other
groups filed applications for exemptions from the law, including two groups that
support abortion rights, a group opposing abortion and same-sex marriage, and
the New York Civil Liberties Union. To date, about eighty organizations, mostly
trade associations, have disclosed their donors.

NARAL's exemption has attracted notice because of its heavy lobbying activities,
which include a campaign last year aimed at securing Democratic control of the
State Senate, spending $425,000 on lobbying this year, and vowing to unseat
incumbent Republican senators next year. Indeed, the NARAL ruling prompted many
state Republicans to accuse ethics commission members of having a liberal bias.
Following a complaint from one Republican board member, the commission decided
to table exemption applications while it considered whether the process should
be more transparent. "For far too long, the world of tax-exempt groups,
operating unregulated as lobbying entities, has been in need of sunshine and
reform," Melissa DeRosa, a spokesperson for the governor, told the Times. "Under
Gov. Cuomo's leadership, New York is the most progressive state in the nation in
that pursuit, while abiding by federal case law considering safety exemptions."

The debate over which groups should be excluded from the disclosure law echoes
similar disputes in California, Maine, Minnesota, and other states. But in the
wake of the U.S. Supreme Court's Citizens United campaign finance decision, the
New York law is notable because it applies to groups organized under Section
501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code, which have not been required to disclose
the names of their donors. While (c)(4)s are granted tax-exempt status to
promote "social welfare," many are heavily engaged in political lobbying
ativites and wield significant political influence. According to the D.C.-based
Center for Responsive Politics, (c)(4)s in the U.S. reported spending more than
$256 million in the 2012 election cycle,. In New York State, the Committee to
Save New York spent more than $13 million on advertising supporting Gov. Cuomo's
agenda in 2011 and 2012; the group became inactive as soon as the state started
requiring disclosure of donors.

As the debate intensifies, the New York Civil Liberties Union remains concerned
about the law's implications. "People say nasty things about us or call us up
all the time, and we can take that," said NYCLU legal director Arthur Eisenberg.
"It's the individual donors who shouldn't need to take that, and the price of
their association with us, and their participation in the First Amendment
activity of lobbying, should not be at the cost of their feeling secure and free
from threats and retaliation."

For further information please visit: http://foundationcenter.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           December 3, 2016 Saturday

Will Trump walk the talk on his vow to drain the swamp?

BYLINE: Chen Weihua

LENGTH: 722  words


On the campaign trail President-elect Donald Trump swore that he would drain the
swamp in Washington if elected. Reflecting the American public's great distaste
for Washington, his words were hailed by fervently cheering crowds.

US President-elect Donald Trump speaks at election night rally in Manhattan, New
York, US, November 9, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

On the campaign trail President-elect Donald Trump swore that he would drain the
swamp in Washington if elected. Reflecting the American public's great distaste
for Washington, his words were hailed by fervently cheering crowds.

In January, Rasmussen Reports, which specializes in the collection, publication
and distribution of public opinion information, showed that 81 percent of
Americans believe Washington is corrupt. A Gallup poll in September 2015 found
that 75 percent of Americans saw widespread corruption in the country's
government, a jump from the 66 percent in 2009.

On Nov 16, Trump announced his anti-corruption campaign by setting out tough
restrictions on lobbying by incoming officials. The rules require incoming
officials to terminate their lobbying registration and pledge not to lobby again
until five years after they leave the administration.

Although no one seems sure how the rules will be enforced, it is a move in the
right direction.

The horde of passengers getting off at Farragut North station on the Red Line of
the city's metro rapid transit system every morning is quite a scene on my way
to work. Outside the stop is the notorious K Street, the nickname for the
lobbying industry where major lobbying companies assemble.

Having covered Washington for years, the question I often ask is why the
thriving lobbying industry in Washington is even legal in a country that claims
to be the world's "greatest democracy".

In Washington, countless former government officials and ex-Congressmen engage
themselves in the lobbying industry, using their connections and influence to
push special interest agendas and enrich themselves. With the ongoing US
government transition, many who are leaving the Barack Obama administration will
be sought after by major lobbying firms or may be planning to start their own
lobbying companies.

If people believe that guanxi (connections) is uniquely Chinese, it is because
they have not lived in Washington, where some 11,000 lobbyists, according to the
Center for Responsive Politics, are trying to use exactly that with the US
Congress and federal government departments.

Chinese journalists covering Washington are often surprised to find a State
Department official who briefed them about the US government's Asia and China
policy just weeks ago suddenly appearing as the head of a consulting company,
and his business having questionable links with his previous official duties.

Such revolving door cases are indeed a normal phenomenon in Washington.

For years, the top industries that have spent the most on lobbying include
pharmaceuticals, insurance, business associations, oil and gas, education,
telecom services and defense aerospace.

The Wall Street Journal reported on Sunday that corporations are scrambling to
retool their lobbying efforts as Republicans, preparing for control of the House
of Representatives, Senate and White House in January, hope to break the
partisan logjam that has blocked the passage of legislation for six years. Key
issues for their hired guns will be immigration, healthcare, tax, infrastructure
and Wall Street regulations.

Andrew Bacevich, a historian at Boston University, wrote on Tuesday that if
Trump was serious about overturning the Washington establishment, he'd start by
ending the constant wars. In Bacevich's view, wars created the swamp in the
first place. Wars empower Washington. They centralize, providing a reason for
federal authorities to accumulate and exercise new powers.

What he failed to elaborate is that a huge lobbying industry, especially
representing the giant military industrial complex, is keeping those wars going.

With so much talk about many of Trump's nominations for the Cabinet belonging to
the swamp, it will be interesting to see if Trump will walk the talk on his
"drain the swamp" pledge.

The author is deputy editor of China Daily USA.

chenweihua@chinadailyusa.com

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/15/148077126006.jpg

a41f72773d1b19ac47ab01.jpg

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                          September 20, 2012, Thursday

WVU hires another lobbyist for D.C.;
Newest staffer will earn $160,000 salary; school may spend $480,000 per year for
all representation

BYLINE: RIVARD, DAILY MAIL CAPITOL REPORTER $100:

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 568 words


Days after West Virginia University hired two lobbyists to represent it in
Charleston, it hired another lobbyist to represent it in D.C.

All told, WVU could soon be spending nearly a half million dollars a year on
lobbying.

The newest addition to its stable of lobbyists was announced Wednesday.

That's Richard V. French, a former director of planning at the U.S. Department
of Labor. He's also a former staffer for Sen. Jay Rockefeller and Rep. Nick J.
Rahall, both D-W.Va.

French will earn $160,000 a year, WVU spokesman John Bolt said.

"It is essential for WVU to have a strong presence in Washington to advance its
national agenda and interests," WVU chief of staff Jay Cole said in a press
release. "From informing policymaking to competing for grants, WVU has a great
deal to offer at the national level."

French joins Mary Bowman, who has already been lobbying for WVU in Washington.

Her office's current budget - including her $89,000 salary and her assistant's
salary - has been $120,000 so far this year, according to federal lobbying
expenditure filings.

Bowman and French are paralleled at the state level by two recently hired
contract lobbyists.

The two prominent lobbyists - Paul Hardesty and John Cavacini - registered
earlier this month to lobby for WVU Research Corp., the university's nonprofit
affiliate. The corporation is funded using federal, state and private money. The
corporation also pays Bowman.

Hardesty and Cavacini are on an initial contract of $10,000 each for three
months work. If they are rehired at that rate, the state lobbying effort will
cost $80,000 a year. If Bowman continues to spend $60,000 per quarter, that's
$240,000 per year. Add in French's $160,000 salary.

All told, WVU could spend $480,000 per year on lobbying.

WVU's lobbying raised the eyebrows and ire of former Sen. Robert Byrd.

In 1989, WVU sent a lobbyist/consultant to visit Byrd. The senator dismissed the
lobbyist from his office and questioned university officials who were also
there, according to press accounts from the time.

"I then began to express to the university people my indignation and anger,"
Byrd said at the time. "I asked them: 'Why do you waste your money on a lobbyist
when I'm being paid to be your senator?'"

Asked if Rockefeller shared Byrd's view, Rockefeller's spokesman said the
senator "often meets with West Virginians and people advocating on their behalf,
and thinks it is important to hear all perspectives on issues that relate to
West Virginia."

Asked if Sen. Joe Manchin shared Byrd's view, Manchin said through a spokeswoman
that WVU President Jim Clements and the senator don't hesitate to call each
other.

"I respect what WVU represents and how well it serves our state, and I will not
second-guess their operating decisions about the most effective ways to gather
important information from relevant federal agencies," Manchin said. "I have an
open-door policy in my office, and I am always happy to talk with any West
Virginians about whatever is on their minds."

WVU's Bolt said the congressional delegation has to serve 1.8 million West
Virginians and that WVU wants to monitor some specialized events across D.C.,
not just on Capitol Hill.

"It's not appropriate for us to expect the delegation to do that; they've got
other things to worry about as well," Bolt said.

Contact writer Ry Rivard at ry. rivard@dailymail.com or 304-348-1796. Follow him
at www.twitter.com/ryrivard.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                              546 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 9, 2016 Tuesday

Influence at the DNC: More than 60 superdelegates are registered lobbyists

LENGTH: 615  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: The Sunlight Foundation has issued the following news release:



 Lobbyists wield enormous influence and, depending on your point of view, can
bring positive or negative changes to our government. From reptile keepers to
balloon enthusiasts, everyone has a constitutional right to petition government.
The power some lobbyists hold over both parties in Congress and the White House
is well documented. But what's not well documented is how lobbyists play a role
in the Democratic party's nominating process.





 As Libby Watson noted earlier this year, most delegates to the Democratic
National Convention, held this year in Philadelphia, are allocated based on the
vote share from primaries and caucuses held in individual states, territories
and the District of Columbia. But there are also 712 so-called voting
superdelegates. These individuals include former and current elected officials
as well as members of the Democratic National Committee. Superdelegates can
support whomever they choose and are not bound by any primary or caucus result.




 And, as we found, some of the superdelegates also happen to be lobbyists for
interests like big banks, payday lenders, health care insurers and unions.



 Since February, Sunlight has pored over hundreds of names and affiliations of
DNC superdelegates from all over the country. Our methodology included going
state by state to the respective lobbying registration database, as well as
using data from OpenSecrets.org, to see if an individual was ever registered as
a federal or state lobbyist.



 At least 63 superdelegates have registered as a lobbyist at the federal level
or state level at some point. (Note: As we documented in our state lobbying
report card, some states keep poor records of lobbying, so some information may
be out of date.)



 Those include some pretty big names, such as former Democratic Senate Majority
Leader George Mitchell -- who used to lead DLA Piper, a law and lobbying firm --
and former Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell, who was a registered lobbyist working
for Ballard Spahr LLP on telecommunications and health issues as recently as
2012. Richard Gephardt, the former House minority leader, is also a registered
lobbyist on behalf of a firm that shares his namesake, the Gephardt Group.



 Some other notable lobbyist superdelegates:



     Donald L. Fowler is a former Democratic National Committee chair who was a
registered lobbyist for the S.C. Credit Union in South Carolina in 2009.

     Alexis Tameron was registered to lobby for American Traffic Solutions in
Arizona in 2011.

     Joyce Brayboy is a lobbyist for Goldman Sachs, most recently registered in
2015.

     Steve Grossman, a former president of the American Israel Public Affairs
Committee (AIPAC) and now a federal lobbyist for HPS Inc. working on issues
related to the budget.



 By our count, 28 states and D.C. had at least one superdelegate who was at one
time a registered lobbyist on the federal or state level. Thanks to K Street,
the District of Columbia, unsurprisingly, had the most - a total of eight
registered lobbyist superdelegates. Union lobbyists were also well represented
among the superdelegates, totaling at least 11, mostly at the state level.



 The issues that lobbyists represent are vast and reflect the Democrats' big
tent policy approach. They range from marriage equality to reproductive health
to banking to traffic cameras to education, and some foreign governments like
Pakistan, who as recently as 2010 were represented by Roy Temple, a
superdelegate who worked for Cassidy and Associates.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 9, 2016 Tuesday

Influence at the DNC: More than 60 superdelegates are registered lobbyists

LENGTH: 615  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: The Sunlight Foundation has issued the following news release:



 Lobbyists wield enormous influence and, depending on your point of view, can
bring positive or negative changes to our government. From reptile keepers to
balloon enthusiasts, everyone has a constitutional right to petition government.
The power some lobbyists hold over both parties in Congress and the White House
is well documented. But what's not well documented is how lobbyists play a role
in the Democratic party's nominating process.





 As Libby Watson noted earlier this year, most delegates to the Democratic
National Convention, held this year in Philadelphia, are allocated based on the
vote share from primaries and caucuses held in individual states, territories
and the District of Columbia. But there are also 712 so-called voting
superdelegates. These individuals include former and current elected officials
as well as members of the Democratic National Committee. Superdelegates can
support whomever they choose and are not bound by any primary or caucus result.




 And, as we found, some of the superdelegates also happen to be lobbyists for
interests like big banks, payday lenders, health care insurers and unions.



 Since February, Sunlight has pored over hundreds of names and affiliations of
DNC superdelegates from all over the country. Our methodology included going
state by state to the respective lobbying registration database, as well as
using data from OpenSecrets.org, to see if an individual was ever registered as
a federal or state lobbyist.



 At least 63 superdelegates have registered as a lobbyist at the federal level
or state level at some point. (Note: As we documented in our state lobbying
report card, some states keep poor records of lobbying, so some information may
be out of date.)



 Those include some pretty big names, such as former Democratic Senate Majority
Leader George Mitchell -- who used to lead DLA Piper, a law and lobbying firm --
and former Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell, who was a registered lobbyist working
for Ballard Spahr LLP on telecommunications and health issues as recently as
2012. Richard Gephardt, the former House minority leader, is also a registered
lobbyist on behalf of a firm that shares his namesake, the Gephardt Group.



 Some other notable lobbyist superdelegates:



     Donald L. Fowler is a former Democratic National Committee chair who was a
registered lobbyist for the S.C. Credit Union in South Carolina in 2009.

     Alexis Tameron was registered to lobby for American Traffic Solutions in
Arizona in 2011.

     Joyce Brayboy is a lobbyist for Goldman Sachs, most recently registered in
2015.

     Steve Grossman, a former president of the American Israel Public Affairs
Committee (AIPAC) and now a federal lobbyist for HPS Inc. working on issues
related to the budget.



 By our count, 28 states and D.C. had at least one superdelegate who was at one
time a registered lobbyist on the federal or state level. Thanks to K Street,
the District of Columbia, unsurprisingly, had the most - a total of eight
registered lobbyist superdelegates. Union lobbyists were also well represented
among the superdelegates, totaling at least 11, mostly at the state level.



 The issues that lobbyists represent are vast and reflect the Democrats' big
tent policy approach. They range from marriage equality to reproductive health
to banking to traffic cameras to education, and some foreign governments like
Pakistan, who as recently as 2010 were represented by Roy Temple, a
superdelegate who worked for Cassidy and Associates.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            October 14, 2014 Tuesday

Committee representing 187 towns' trash interests opposes using PERC revenue for
lobbying

BYLINE: Nok-Noi Ricker BDN Staff

LENGTH: 1033 words


ORRINGTON, Maine -- The leader of the organization representing the trash
disposal interests of 187 Maine communities voted against part of the 2015
budget for the Penobscot Energy Recovery Co. because part of the waste-to-energy
plant's revenue is earmarked to pay for lobbying activities.


"I voted against the passage of the budget because the budget contained a
$500,000 expense line dedicated to underwrite the activities of a law firm that
was unilaterally and improperly engaged by [USA Energy LLC] and that the
spending amounted to a waste of resources, a breach of fiduciary duty and was
harmful to the [PERC] partnership and the [Municipal Review Committee]
communities," Greg Lounder, executive director of the Municipal Review
Committee, said in a Tuesday email.


The Municipal Review Committee filed an April lawsuit against USA Energy over
previous lobbying bills. The Municipal Review Committee believes that the
lobbying costs should be covered by USA Energy, not by diverting funds from
PERC, a waste-to-energy plant in Orrington used by and partially owned by the
Municipal Review Committee.


PERC is a private-public partnership that is 77 percent owned by
Minneapolis-based USA Energy Group LLC and PERC Holdings and 23 percent by the
original member towns and cities that joined the Municipal Review Committee
before 1998.


Part of the proposed $44 million PERC budget for 2015 is $500,000 set aside for
Doyle & Nelson, an Augusta law firm hired by USA Energy for lobbying. The budget
vote took place Thursday and was split into two ballots, with the second tally
specifically about the lobbying money, Robert Knudsen, vice president of
operations for USA Energy, said by phone Monday.


"The vote was 3-0 on the budget and 2-1 on the $500,000 with Lounder indeed
dissenting," Knudsen said.


USA Energy has already paid Doyle & Nelson about $1 million since 2012, in part
to lobby for the passage of LD 1483, which became law in March. The law requires
licensed facilities to align with the state's solid waste management hierarchy.
The hierarchy requires recycling first with landfilling as the last option for
waste. The bill that passed was scaled back significantly from the original
version that would have added landfill fees to fund a solid waste stabilization
account to support waste-to-energy plants, including PERC.


Lounder issued a strongly worded letter to the Municipal Review Committee member
communities last week explaining why he was voting against the lobbying funds,
and he listed several activities supported by the funds that include opposing
the Municipal Review Committee's post-2018 plans.


Knudsen said he could not talk about the pending lawsuit but responded to
Lounder's accusations by saying, "That's his opinion."


"Doyle & Nelson has not been hired to oppose the [Municipal Review Committee]
plans but to work with the DEP and us to help to facilitate a fully integrated
solid waste facility for the entire state," Knudsen said.


They have been hired to educate PERC customers about what is going to happen
when a lucrative contract for electricity between PERC and Emera Maine, and
other beneficial contracts expire in early 2018, he said.


PERC receives 16 cents per kilowatt hour for electricity it produces by burning
trash, but after 2018, it will have to sell the electricity on the open market,
where it is now selling for 4 to 6 cents per kilowatt hour, PERC plant manager
Peter Prata said recently.


The Municipal Review Committee does not think PERC will continue to operate
after the loss in revenue in 2018 and five years ago began its plans to open an
integrated solid waste and recycling facility for its member communities. The
Municipal Review Committee applied in April for a public benefit determination
from the Department of Environmental Protection for a landfill that only member
communities would use and learned last month that the Department of
Environmental Protection issued a draft decision denying the Municipal Review
Committee application.


Knudsen said that Doyle & Nelson was tasked with answering questions that arose
after the Municipal Review Committee filed its public determination application.
He said that USA Energy hasn't officially opposed the Municipal Review
Committee's plans.


"We started a program this summer reaching out to our customers and educating
them about what is going to happen between now and 2018 and what our efforts are
to extend operations at PERC after 2018," Knudsen said. "That is when all the
existing contracts terminate."


PERC should not be counted out just yet because USA Energy is in the process of
hiring a consulting firm to analyze operations at the waste-to-energy plant,
Knudsen said.


"[They] will review the current plant and advise them in commercial technologies
out there to increase operations as well as material recovery," Knudsen said,
referring specifically to removing metals and aluminum from the waste PERC
receives.


Recovery of recyclables such as glass, newspaper, cardboard or organics, which
are the major components of the Municipal Review Committee's plan, would need to
happen before it got to the plant, the USA Energy official said.


"What the [Municipal Review Committee] is doing is separate from what we're
trying to do," Knudsen said. "They're following a path, and we're following a
different path."


The Municipal Review Committee withdrew its public determination application
with the Department of Environmental Protection at the end of September. Lounder
said that the Department of Environmental Protection's denial will not stop the
Municipal Review Committee's plan to increase what is recycled and reduce what
is placed in a landfill by its member communities.


"We've already started moving forward, both with planning for the construction
of a state-of-the-art waste processing facility and for an alternative
landfilling solution for the unavoidable residuals from that facility," he said
later. "We're exploring a wide range of options and are hoping to have some
additional news to report, particularly regarding the processing facility, in
the near future."


The Municipal Review Committee board's fall meeting is scheduled for 10 a.m.
Oct. 22, at the Orono Town Hall.




LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                              549 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            October 14, 2014 Tuesday

Committee representing 187 towns' trash interests opposes using PERC revenue for
lobbying

BYLINE: Nok-Noi Ricker BDN Staff

LENGTH: 1033 words


ORRINGTON, Maine -- The leader of the organization representing the trash
disposal interests of 187 Maine communities voted against part of the 2015
budget for the Penobscot Energy Recovery Co. because part of the waste-to-energy
plant's revenue is earmarked to pay for lobbying activities.


"I voted against the passage of the budget because the budget contained a
$500,000 expense line dedicated to underwrite the activities of a law firm that
was unilaterally and improperly engaged by [USA Energy LLC] and that the
spending amounted to a waste of resources, a breach of fiduciary duty and was
harmful to the [PERC] partnership and the [Municipal Review Committee]
communities," Greg Lounder, executive director of the Municipal Review
Committee, said in a Tuesday email.


The Municipal Review Committee filed an April lawsuit against USA Energy over
previous lobbying bills. The Municipal Review Committee believes that the
lobbying costs should be covered by USA Energy, not by diverting funds from
PERC, a waste-to-energy plant in Orrington used by and partially owned by the
Municipal Review Committee.


PERC is a private-public partnership that is 77 percent owned by
Minneapolis-based USA Energy Group LLC and PERC Holdings and 23 percent by the
original member towns and cities that joined the Municipal Review Committee
before 1998.


Part of the proposed $44 million PERC budget for 2015 is $500,000 set aside for
Doyle & Nelson, an Augusta law firm hired by USA Energy for lobbying. The budget
vote took place Thursday and was split into two ballots, with the second tally
specifically about the lobbying money, Robert Knudsen, vice president of
operations for USA Energy, said by phone Monday.


"The vote was 3-0 on the budget and 2-1 on the $500,000 with Lounder indeed
dissenting," Knudsen said.


USA Energy has already paid Doyle & Nelson about $1 million since 2012, in part
to lobby for the passage of LD 1483, which became law in March. The law requires
licensed facilities to align with the state's solid waste management hierarchy.
The hierarchy requires recycling first with landfilling as the last option for
waste. The bill that passed was scaled back significantly from the original
version that would have added landfill fees to fund a solid waste stabilization
account to support waste-to-energy plants, including PERC.


Lounder issued a strongly worded letter to the Municipal Review Committee member
communities last week explaining why he was voting against the lobbying funds,
and he listed several activities supported by the funds that include opposing
the Municipal Review Committee's post-2018 plans.


Knudsen said he could not talk about the pending lawsuit but responded to
Lounder's accusations by saying, "That's his opinion."


"Doyle & Nelson has not been hired to oppose the [Municipal Review Committee]
plans but to work with the DEP and us to help to facilitate a fully integrated
solid waste facility for the entire state," Knudsen said.


They have been hired to educate PERC customers about what is going to happen
when a lucrative contract for electricity between PERC and Emera Maine, and
other beneficial contracts expire in early 2018, he said.


PERC receives 16 cents per kilowatt hour for electricity it produces by burning
trash, but after 2018, it will have to sell the electricity on the open market,
where it is now selling for 4 to 6 cents per kilowatt hour, PERC plant manager
Peter Prata said recently.


The Municipal Review Committee does not think PERC will continue to operate
after the loss in revenue in 2018 and five years ago began its plans to open an
integrated solid waste and recycling facility for its member communities. The
Municipal Review Committee applied in April for a public benefit determination
from the Department of Environmental Protection for a landfill that only member
communities would use and learned last month that the Department of
Environmental Protection issued a draft decision denying the Municipal Review
Committee application.


Knudsen said that Doyle & Nelson was tasked with answering questions that arose
after the Municipal Review Committee filed its public determination application.
He said that USA Energy hasn't officially opposed the Municipal Review
Committee's plans.


"We started a program this summer reaching out to our customers and educating
them about what is going to happen between now and 2018 and what our efforts are
to extend operations at PERC after 2018," Knudsen said. "That is when all the
existing contracts terminate."


PERC should not be counted out just yet because USA Energy is in the process of
hiring a consulting firm to analyze operations at the waste-to-energy plant,
Knudsen said.


"[They] will review the current plant and advise them in commercial technologies
out there to increase operations as well as material recovery," Knudsen said,
referring specifically to removing metals and aluminum from the waste PERC
receives.


Recovery of recyclables such as glass, newspaper, cardboard or organics, which
are the major components of the Municipal Review Committee's plan, would need to
happen before it got to the plant, the USA Energy official said.


"What the [Municipal Review Committee] is doing is separate from what we're
trying to do," Knudsen said. "They're following a path, and we're following a
different path."


The Municipal Review Committee withdrew its public determination application
with the Department of Environmental Protection at the end of September. Lounder
said that the Department of Environmental Protection's denial will not stop the
Municipal Review Committee's plan to increase what is recycled and reduce what
is placed in a landfill by its member communities.


"We've already started moving forward, both with planning for the construction
of a state-of-the-art waste processing facility and for an alternative
landfilling solution for the unavoidable residuals from that facility," he said
later. "We're exploring a wide range of options and are hoping to have some
additional news to report, particularly regarding the processing facility, in
the near future."


The Municipal Review Committee board's fall meeting is scheduled for 10 a.m.
Oct. 22, at the Orono Town Hall.




LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                              550 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              June 24, 2012 Sunday

Minnesota politics: Local government lobbying rose 0.7 percent in 2011

BYLINE: bsalisbury@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Legislature

LENGTH: 363 words


Minnesota cities, counties, school districts and other local governments spent
$8.3 million on lobbying in 2011, according to a report issued by state Auditor
Rebecca Otto on Monday, June 25.

That sum represents a $55,000 or 0.7 percent increase in local government
spending on lobbying over 2010.

"The operation and funding of local governments can be greatly affected by
decisions made by the state Legislature," the report said. "Therefore, it is
understandable that those affected by these decisions would want to have
representation during the legislative process."

Last year was a budget session at the Legislature, and Otto noted that
historically, lobbying costs are higher during those sessions, which last
longer.

"It is notable that in 2011, local government lobbying costs remained relatively
flat compared to the prior, shorter bonding session in 2010," she said in a
prepared statement.

Eighty-two local governments employed staff to lobby or hired contract lobbyists
last year, the report said. Those governmental units spent nearly $4 million to
influence legislative or administrative policies.

In addition, local government associations that represent cities, counties and
school districts spent $4.3 million on lobbying in 2011.

Local governments use contract lobbyists more often than their own staffs to
influence policymakers. Sixty-five percent of their lobbying costs were for
contract lobbyists.

The city of Minneapolis spent $467,139, more than any other local government on
lobbying last year. The next-largest spending local governments were:

-- Hennepin County, $246,214

-- Metropolitan Airports Commission, $172,105

-- Anoka County, $170,320

-- City of Saint Paul, $161,098

-- Ramsey County, $148,375

-- Dakota County, $130,670

The Coalition of Greater Minnesota Cities spent $822,239 on lobbying in 2011,
the most of any local government association. The next-largest spending local
government organizations were the:

-- League of Minnesota Cities, $608,965

-- Minnesota School Boards Association, $606,961

-- Association of Metropolitan School Districts, $280,981

-- Association of Minnesota Counties, $262,696

-- Association of Metropolitan Municipalities, $242,022

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           February 3, 2010 Wednesday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Sprague quizzed at Harrisburg hearing;
Is the Pennsylvania Casino Assn. trying to influence legislators or educate the
public? Opinions differ.

BYLINE: By Jennifer Lin; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; P-com News for PC Home Page; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1340 words



HARRISBURG - For more than two hours yesterday, two dozen legislators grilled
veteran Philadelphia lawyer Richard A. Sprague, wanting to know just what his
group - the Pennsylvania Casino Association - was up to.

Was the PCA, as Sprague asserted, a trade association trying to educate the
public about the gaming business?

Or was it, as some lawmakers suggested, a stealth lobbying group, flouting
Pennsylvania's new disclosure law for lobbyists?

The actions of the PCA, coordinated by one of Philadelphia's most influential
lawyers, present the first high-profile test of the state's Lobbying Disclosure
Act of 2007.

That law says anyone who spends more than $2,500 or 20 hours in a calendar
quarter trying to influence a state official's decision must register publicly
with the state.

The casino group sent big names into yesterday's hearing: Sprague, whose career
as a prosecutor and defense lawyer dates to the 1950s, and PCA's adviser,
Stephen A. Zappala - a former chief justice of the state Supreme Court.

Sprague wears many casino hats these days: investor (in SugarHouse Casino in
Philadelphia); lawyer (for SugarHouse, Rivers Casino in Pittsburgh, and Mount
Airy Casino Resort in the Poconos); and chairman of the PCA.

By turns pugnacious and entertaining, Sprague, who is 84, testified before a
packed house that he started the group in 2007 in an attempt to give one voice
to Pennsylvania's fledgling gaming industry. Three casinos took him up on his
offer, he said: SugarHouse, Rivers Casino, and the Mount Airy Casino Resort.
Together, he said, the three put up $1.6 million to underwrite the group.

During the joint hearing of the House Gaming Oversight Committee and the Senate
Committee on Community, Economic and Recreational Development, Sprague conceded
that last fall, in the heat of the debate over changing the state's gaming law
to allow poker and other table games, his trade group sent three e-mails to all
legislators in an effort to budge them on two points of contention: proposed tax
rates for table games, and adding more licenses for so-called resort casinos.

He said that was lobbying - but not to a degree that would trip the 2007 law's
rules for registering publicly.

Sprague said last fall's e-mails took the group's executive director, Ken
Smukler, little more than four hours to compose and send, at a cost of about
$450. He also said the casino group was wide open about the e-mail, sending
copies to the news media.

He said a radio ad PCA aired last October in Philadelphia, Pittsburgh,
Harrisburg, Scranton, and Erie was not lobbying because it did not urge
legislators to vote one way or another.

Instead, the ad, which PCA said cost $25,000 to produce and air, talked about
the benefits of gaming to the state's economic health. "It doesn't ask the
listener to do anything," Sprague said. "Its purpose is to educate."

"In no way can a notice that is for the purpose of educating the public be
lobbying," Sprague said. To suggest otherwise, he added, is "flouting the
Constitution of the United States."

The casino association also has drawn particular attention from lawmakers
because of its staff. Sprague said he initially brought in Zappala, the former
chief justice, as "chair of the association," while Michele Zappala Peck, his
daughter, is its director of operations.

In addition, Lisa DeNaples, a principal and financial backer of the Mount Airy
casino, is a director of PCA.

She is the daughter of Louis DeNaples, who was charged with lying to state
investigators about his connections to criminals when he applied for a slots
license. Prosecutors dropped the charges in a deal that had DeNaples turn over
his stake in the casino to his family.

Zappala testified yesterday that his role was to be available "anywhere,
anytime, anyhow" to provide advice and information to Sprague. Originally hired
for $275,000 a year, his salary was reduced to $150,000 after the group hired
Smukler as executive director. "If it wasn't worth it, he should've fired me,"
Zappala testified.

Sprague said Zappala brought stature to PCA. "The fact I have Chief Justice
Zappala with me is what gives me a voice," he said.

Zappala said he did not lobby lawmakers.

Sprague said his own outreach to legislators was limited to personal visits in
2008 with eight senators and representatives, including House Majority Leader
Todd Eachus (D., Luzerne) and Senate Majority Leader Dominic Pileggi (R.,
Delaware).

"When I went to each of them," Sprague said, "my opening statement was 'I am
here, and I don't want you to do a thing for me. . . . I'm here to introduce
myself.' "

The purpose of his calls? To see "who does what and who's on which side."

Several lawmakers at the hearing were visibly impatient with Sprague's answers.

Rep. Curt Schroder (R., Chester) noted Sprague's "legendary advocacy on
display," but took exception to what he perceived as the lawyer's "scolding and
mockery" of the spirit of the lobbying-disclosure law.

When Schroder asked why Sprague didn't consult lawyers at the State Ethics
Commission on whether PCA had to register, Sprague said: "I think I'm a better
lawyer than they are."

"That's an interesting statement that shows a certain disdain," Schroder
responded.

"I don't need to go to someone else to ask their interpretation," Sprague said.

Sen. Jane Earll (R., Erie), who chairs the Senate Economic Development
Committee, described Sprague as representative of "a very incestuous group of
people" in the casino industry. She noted his overlapping roles as casino
investor, casino lawyer, and casino trade-group chairman.

"And then, you bring in some high, powerful people like Chief Justice Zappala
and you sit there and wonder why we are concerned whether you're following the
law or not," Earll said. "Excuse some of us if we're very chagrined about your
lack of disclosure. . . . But by not registering it looks like you're hiding
something."

Sprague shot back by reminding legislators that embedded in the new gaming law
was a provision - pushed by a lobbyist for Foxwoods Casino in private meetings
with Gov. Rendell and legislative leaders - that gives Foxwoods an extension for
building its casino.

"If I was in your position, I'd take a look at that rather than this Mickey
Mouse thing," Sprague said.

An exasperated Rep. Michael O'Brien (D., Phila.) asked Sprague: "Why not? Why
won't you register? I don't understand, for a lousy hundred bucks, why wouldn't
you?"

Sprague said the casino association would register immediately "if it is
understood that there is no suggestion that we did anything wrong by not being
registered."

He added that the PCA may hire an outside lobbyist - and if that happens, the
group will register.

The hearing yesterday has little if any bearing on decisions about whether the
PCA or other groups acted within the bounds of the lobbying law. Such questions
go to the state's Ethics Commission.

Rep. Paul Clymer (R., Bucks), who is on the House Gaming Oversight Committee,
said that if PCA wasn't lobbying, it surely came close.

"They were the closest to that edge that you can get," Clymer said in an
interview after the hearing. "When you have some high-powered people on your
trade association, it raises a red flag. 'What are you folks about? If you're
not lobbying, then what are you doing?' "

Lobbying Law

According to the state's disclosure law:

A lobbyist is "any individual, association, corporation, partnership, business
trust or other entity that engages in lobbying on behalf of a principal for
economic consideration. The term includes an attorney at law while engaged in
lobbying."

Those exempted from registering include:

"An individual whose economic consideration for lobbying, from all principals
represented, does not exceed $2,500 in the aggregate during any reporting
period.

"An individual who engages in lobbying on behalf of the individual's employer if
the lobbying represents less than 20 hours during any reporting period."

Contact staff writer Jennifer Lin at 215-854-5659 or jlin@phillynews.com.

Staff writer Joelle Farrell contributed to this article.


LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                              April 8, 2005 Friday
                                  City Edition

Companies spend big to lobby

BYLINE: Jennifer Mock, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 494 words


Oklahoma companies spent almost $7.4 million lobbying the federal government in
2003, more than double spent by the state less than 10 years ago, a study
released Thursday showed.

And the figures for 2004 likely will be higher, as from Jan. 1, 2004, to June
30, 79 companies spent a combined $4.2 million toward pushing issues in
Congress. In total, 127 Oklahoma companies have spent about $37 million on
lobbying between January 1998 and June 2004. Based on those figures, Oklahoma
ranks 32nd among the highest spending states in the country.

The study, by The Center for Public Integrity in Washington, showed that special
interests and the lobbyists they employ have reported spending, since 1998,
almost $13 billion nationally to influence Congress, the White House and more
than 200 federal agencies.

In 1998, Oklahoma companies spent $2.7 million on lobbying, and Alex Knott, the
political editor for the center, said the state is on track to spend more than
the $7.4 million it sent to Washington in 2003.

"Oklahoma has really gotten into the game lately," he said of the increase.
"There are very few states out there that are going up as quickly as Oklahoma.
That is a massive increase."

The study put The Williams Companies, a natural gas company based in Tulsa, as
the top spender in the state, spending $1.3 million in 2003 and $9.2 million
since 1998. Kerr-McGee Corp., an oil and gas company in Oklahoma City, ranked
second, spending $1.4 million in 2003 and $7.3 million since 1998. Mike Seney, a
spokesman for the State Chamber, said he was pleased to see the University of
Oklahoma, Oklahoma State University and the state of Oklahoma in the top 10
spenders for lobbying. Combined, the three organizations spent about $3 million
on lobbying since 1998, and Seney said the money translated into several grants
received by the universities and additional transportation funding for the
state, all of which brought new jobs and economic development.

"Lobbying is not an evil. If you look in the dictionary under lobbyist, it is
simply a person speaking for special interest. That includes anyone from the
AARP down to my 16-year-old son that wants a car," he said. "I would imagine
that most of the money spent is for very good purposes.

"If anything, it probably bothers me that we are not higher up on the list,
because that shows that we are not investing enough money in making our pitch to
the federal government (for things that are important to our state)."

But Knott said many people don't like to see their local tax dollars going to
lobbying Congress to try to ensure that the state receives a larger share of
their federal tax dollars. According to the study, the state of Oklahoma and its
municipalities spent $4.9 million on lobbying in 2003.

"Washington lobbyists are benefiting from local taxes," he said. "A lot of
people are getting into this influence game, and the process is perpetuating
itself to a point of escalation where there will be no turning back."

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic: Annual lobbying in Oklahoma (chart)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           February 16, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Key players in the incident;
The central players in the Saturday hunting incident in which Vice President
Cheney shot 78-year-old lawyer Harry Whittington.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 495 words


Harry Whittington

A longtime Texas Republican -- even when the state was dominated by Democrats --
Whittington has been close to the Bush family since he helped George H.W. Bush
in his unsuccessful U.S. Senate bid in Texas in 1964. George W. Bush named him
chairman of the state's regulatory Funeral Service Commission in 1999, when Bush
was governor of Texas. Whittington gave $1,000 to Bush's 2000 presidential
campaign and $2,000 to his 2004 re-election bid. Cheney said Wednesday that he
first met Whittington about 30 years ago in Vail, Colo., when Cheney was working
for Gerald Ford. Last weekend was the first time Whittington hunted with the
vice president, Cheney said.

Katharine Armstrong

One of the owners of the 50,000-acre Armstrong Ranch, where the incident took
place, Armstrong, 53, made the news of the shooting public when she called the
Corpus Christi Caller-Times on Sunday morning. She and her sister, Sarita Hixon,
were watching from a car while Cheney and Whittington were hunting.

Armstrong's wealthy Texas family has deep political ties. Appointed by
then-governor Bush to the state Parks and Wildlife Commission in 1999, Armstrong
has since left the commission and begun a career as a lobbyist. Records show she
was active lobbying in Washington in 2004 and 2005 and represented at least four
clients before the federal government. Armstrong told NBC News that she has
never directly lobbied Cheney as far as she remembers and does not remember
lobbying Bush. She reported collecting $760,000 in lobbying fees for the
two-year period.

Among her clients: Prionics, a Swiss company with offices in Sunnyvale, Calif.,
that makes a diagnostic test for BSE, or mad cow disease. Armstrong said she
contacted then-Agriculture secretary Ann Veneman on the company's behalf
"regarding using Prionics testing methods to determine BSE."

Pamela Pitzer Willeford

A member of Cheney's hunting group, Willeford has been ambassador to Switzerland
and Liechtenstein since October 2003 She was named by then-governor Bush to the
Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board in 1995 and became chairwoman in 1997.
Willeford, 55, helped first lady Laura Bush launch the annual Texas Book
Festival in 1996 and has been an overnight guest at the White House, with her
husband, George, an Austin physician. Willeford and her husband have given a
combined $33,000 to federal candidates and parties since 1989. Recipients
include Bush, the Republican National Committee, Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison, Sen.
John Cornyn, R-Texas, and former Texas senator Phil Gramm.

Ramon Salinas

Sheriff of Kenedy County, where the incident took place. He told the Corpus
Christi Caller-Times that he received a call from Secret Service officials 10
minutes after the shooting Saturday. Sheriff's officials interviewed Cheney on
Sunday morning at the ranch. "He was feeling very bad," Salinas told the
newspaper. Salinas, 35, was first elected to the post in 2004.

Compiled by Bill Nichols and Jim Drinkard

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, AP
PHOTO, B/W, 2003 photo
PHOTO, B/W, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 15, 2016 Tuesday

Lobby $$ tumbles amid Preet's probes

BYLINE: Kirstan Conley

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 472 words


ALBANY - The lobbying industry has reported a downturn for the first time since
state officials began tracking how much special-interest groups spend to promote
their agendas in New York.

Records released Monday showed $120.2 million was spent on lobbying in the first
six months of 2016, compared with $130.9 million in the same period last year.

Albany insiders speculated that US Attorney Preet Bharara's aggressive
prosecution of corruption was partly responsible for the drop.

"It went down because of the investigations," said state Sen. Simcha Felder
(D-Brooklyn). "That's what I think. But at the end of the day there are many
different ways legally to be able to advocate for something you believe in."

Blair Horner of the good-government group NYPIRG noted $5 million in lobbying
fees were generated last year during a battle over expanding charter schools.
That was not replicated this year.

The top lobbyist in the first half of 2016 was the state's nurses union, which
spent nearly $2.3 million pushing for better nurse-to-patient ratios and
elimination of mandatory overtime.

The Rent Stabilization Association of New York City spent $2.1 million lobbying
to keep rent laws favorable to landlords.

The Mario Cuomo Campaign for Economic Justice, which drew support from unions,
spent more than $2 million to push for a $15 minimum wage.

Groups representing teachers, trial lawyers and charter schools rounded out the
top 10, with Uber joining the big spenders for the first time with a tab of more
than $750,000.

The figures were compiled by the state's ethics panel, the Joint Commission on
Public Ethics.

But the dip in lobbying activity doesn't herald an end to corruption, according
to Felder.

"Somebody who's determined will figure out a way to get what they have to get,"
he said. "That's why JCOPE and all this ethics is just [for] looks. You make it
more difficult one way and they find another way and the people who are honest
are going to continue being honest."

Despite the downturn, the top 10 lobbying firms received a nearly identical
$35.5 million in compensation and reimbursed expenses in the first half of 2016
as they did in 2015.

Money talks

Top 10 lobbying clients in New York state

(Payments to lobbyists, January 2016 - June 2016)

* New York State Nurses Association $2,286,554

* Rent Stabilization Association of NYC $2,134,228

* Mario Cuomo Campaign for Economic Justice $2,022,539

* Families for Excellent Schools $2,009,689

* Greater NY Hospital Association $1,158,026

* New York State United Teachers $998,126

* Healthcare Association of New York State $777,311

* Uber Technologies Inc. $752,974

* United Federation of Teachers $716,467

* New York State Trial Lawyers Association $686,926

Source: NYS Joint Commission on Public Ethics

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cash.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           February 1, 2006 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

HOW MANY JACK ABRAMOFFS IN HARRISBURG?;
PENNSYLVANIA SERIOUSLY NEEDS A LOBBY REPORTING AND REGULATION LAW TO CLEAN UP
THE SLEAZE

BYLINE: sandra christianson

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B-7

LENGTH: 802 words


Members of Congress are running for cover in Washington. Where they once
returned favors for superstar lobbyist Jack Abramoff and his associates, now
they return his gifts and campaign contributions. Mr. Abramoff, the once and
future king of Capitol Hill, is now treated with as much dread by D.C. insiders
as bird flu. They now condemn the wining, dining and travel junkets which cloud
the reputations of those who cozied up to "Capital Jack." Fortunately, there was
a federal system for registration, reporting and regulation of lobbyists that
helped law enforcement agents connect the dots between gift-givers and
graft-grabbers.

Travel north about 100 miles to the great state of Pennsylvania. Guess what?
Much of the scandalous behavior that got lobbyists and lawmakers in trouble in
D.C. is perfectly legal here.

Pennsylvania is the only state in the nation without statutory safeguards
against influence peddling. No lobbyist registration. No lobbyist disclosure. No
banned or restricted activities. No tough independent agency to enforce a lobby
law.

Essentially, in Pennsylvania, anything goes. Lobbyists can provide unlimited
perks, golf outings, Super Bowl tickets, ski passes, dinners and trips. It's all
legal and unreported under Pennsylvania law. There is simply no excuse for this
sad state of affairs in our state.

The federal investigations and charges against lobbyists like Mr. Abramoff alone
should be enough to convince Pennsylvania lawmakers that a law requiring
registration and disclosure of lobbying activities and expenditures is needed.
That is, unless both the lobbyists in Pennsylvania and those public officials
being influenced have something to hide.

Consider for a moment, that the state Senate, where lobbying activity is
monitored on a limited basis, recently published statistics indicating that for
the first two quarters of 2005, some $67.7 million was spent on lobbying the
state Senate. Even if, as some lobbyists indicate, this amount includes more
than just Senate-related efforts, this sum is a minimum figure. It only covers
one-half the year and isn't required to include amounts spent on lobbying the
House of Representatives, the Governor's Office, state departments and agencies
or powerful independent agencies such as the Public Utility Commission, the
turnpike commission or the new gaming board.

It is impossible to extrapolate an accurate total because there is no law
requiring all of these activities, agencies and officials to be included in any
reporting. A conservative educated guess would suggest that all state
government-related lobbying may have approached $200 million last year -- or
more!

The problem with getting a lobby reform bill passed in Pennsylvania can be
summed up in two words -- House leadership. The state Senate passed a lobby
reform bill nearly a year ago, and sent it to the House. Since then House
leaders have used their power to prevent the House from voting on this
long-overdue reform.

Why? Their excuses start with the claim that the public doesn't care about this
reform. This completely contradicts the findings of the Pennsylvania Economy
League's Spring 2005 Issues PA poll, which demonstrated that 87 percent of
Pennsylvanians expect lobbyists to publicly report their investments in public
policy, and 72 percent want to see a ban or tight reporting requirements on
lobbyists giving gifts to public officials.

Ironically, it is not the lobbyists who are the biggest opponents to reform.
Many would actually welcome disclosure and gift bans because this might reduce
requests or demands for free meals, tickets, junkets, etc. Many lobbyists
recognize that reporting gifts and other activities, providing transparency,
would benefit their reputations as professionals.

Whatever excuses might be offered, they remain just that -- excuses. It's really
quite simple. Pennsylvanians, like citizens in every other state, have a right
to know and judge for themselves whether legislators and other public officials
are getting too cozy with lobbyists, and whether the lucratively financed voices
of special interests are drowning out voters' voices and needs.

Now is the time for House leaders, starting with Speaker John Perzel, to permit
the House to vote on and pass Senate Bill 1. Now is the time for Gov. Ed Rendell
to step up and provide the political leadership necessary to get this
long-overdue reform enacted. An old saying goes, "When money speaks, the truth
keeps silent."

Until a lobby reporting and regulation law gets passed, money will continue to
speak loudly, and the truth about how lobbyists influence Pennsylvania
government will be kept silent. Write or e-mail your legislator (find them at
www.legis.state.pa.us) and the governor today to demand that this important
reform be enacted. No more delay. No more excuses.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Sandra Christianson is vice chair for issues at Common Cause/PA
(ccpa@dejazzd.com).

GRAPHIC: DRAWING: By Stacy Innerst/Post-Gazette

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              556 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 10, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Council Chiefs Propose Lobbying Law Change

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 156 words


Changes in the city's lobbying and financial disclosure laws, closely resembling
recommendations by Mayor Koch, were proposed yesterday by two City Council
leaders.

The leaders also proposed a resolution calling on the State Legislature to amend
campaign financing laws, but they did not suggest specific measures or limits.

The Council majority leader, Peter F. Vallone, and the chairman of the Ethics
Committee, Joseph F. Lisa, said they would introduce legislation tomorrow to ban
all party officials from lobbying.

The legislation, they said, will also include requiring lobbyists to disclose
any financial interest they have in their clients; outlawing the payment to
lobbyists of fees that are contingent on passage or defeat of legislation, and
requiring that amendments to financial disclosure statements by city officials
be made on a separate form.

Mr. Vallone said he expected there to be hearings on the bill in May.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              557 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            January 27, 2009 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Lobbying spending tops $3B in '08;
Economic slump does little to stall efforts to push issues

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 547 words


WASHINGTON -- Despite the sharp economic downturn, lobbying spending in the
nation's capital surged past $3 billion last year as industries and
special-interest groups wooed Congress and federal agencies on a host of issues,
including taxpayer bailouts for financial companies and automakers.

The record $3.3 billion lobbying price tag is up from $2.9 billion in 2007 and
is more than double what was spent four years ago, according to records compiled
by the non-partisan CQ MoneyLine.

"It's an arms race," said Massie Ritsch of the non-partisan Center for
Responsive Politics. "If your competitors are spending money on professional
advocacy to play offense and defense in Washington, you feel you need to do the
same."

Lobbying could soar to higher levels this year, Ritsch said, as Congress and
President Obama hash out a $825 billion stimulus that seeks to jump-start the
economy with tax cuts and spending.

"When the government is handing out billions of dollars, lobbyists will be among
the last people laid off," Ritsch said. "What companies spend (on lobbying) is
only a tiny fraction of what they can reap" from the government.

The U.S. Chamber of Commerce spent the most of any group, pumping more than $62
million into lobbying in 2008, according to CQ MoneyLine. The business group
pressed a range of issues, from opposing efforts making it easier for unions to
organize to pushing Congress to pass a $700 billion bailout for the financial
industry in October.

R. Bruce Josten, the chamber's vice president for government affairs, described
the lobbying frenzy on the bailout as "14 days of sleep deprivation."

Activity hasn't slowed much this year. Josten spent the weekend poring over the
647-page stimulus bill that Democratic leaders in Congress hope to pass before
Presidents Day in mid-February. After that, he expects a major congressional
push on health care. "This is a blockbuster agenda," Josten said.

General Motors, which was granted $13.4 billion in federal loans, spent $3.3
million in lobbying in the last three months of 2008 as it pushed for the
federal aid. That's up from $2.7 million the company spent during the previous
three-month period, although less than the roughly $4 million it spent Jan. 1
through March 31.

The company's lobbying spending is "proportional to the level of our government
relations activities and adheres to strict reporting requirements," GM spokesman
Greg Martin said in an e-mail.

Martin said GM would not use any of the federal loan money for lobbying but
would continue to press its case in Washington. "Lobbying is legally protected
speech that companies should not be required to forfeit if they receive federal
funding," Martin said.

Some groups scaled back. Bank of America, among the financial institutions aided
in the government bailout, spent $820,000 on lobbying between Oct. 1 and Dec.
31, down from $1 million during the previous three months.

"We are reducing our lobbying expenses consistent with bankwide efforts to
reduce expenses," Bank of America spokeswoman Shirley Norton said. She said no
bailout money would be used in future lobbying.

"We don't think it's appropriate," Norton said. "We are very sensitive to the
fact that we got taxpayer money."

The Price of Power is an ongoing series tracking money in politics

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Julie Snider, USA TODAY, Source: CQ MoneyLine (Line
graph)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             April 6, 2006 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Lobbyists fight drug price curbs;
$44 million spent battling state proposals

BYLINE: JULIA MALONE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6E

LENGTH: 353 words


Washington --- The nation's pharmaceutical industry pumped more than $44 million
into lobbying states against proposals to cut prescription drug prices or reduce
drug programs in 2003 and 2004, a report to be made public today found.

The yearlong investigation found legislators and their aides were treated to
meals at "posh" restaurants, flown to resorts, given tickets to sporting events
and taken on golf outings.

By far the largest lobbying campaign was in California, whose Medicaid program
hands out about $4 billion in prescription drugs each year. Pharmaceutical
interests spent $9 million there.

In Texas, where annual drug prescription sales of all types are estimated at $11
billion, lobbyists waged the second-costliest drive, estimated at $6.1 million.
The industry spent more than $1 million in each of nine other states during the
two-year period studied by the group.

The biggest spenders were the trade group Pharmaceutical Research and
Manufacturers of America and major drug companies such as Eli Lilly,
GlaxoSmithKline, Pfizer and Johnson & Johnson.

Actual lobbying totals could be higher than reported, since many states require
only partial disclosures, the Center for Public Integrity said.

For example, Florida, Georgia and Ohio are among the states that don't require
disclosure of lobbyist salaries. As a result, the industry's expenditures in
Georgia were estimated at a modest $33,000, while Florida's total was just
$55,000 and the Ohio spending was reported to be $17,000.

The report said that only three states --- California, Maryland and Illinois ---
require lobbyists to itemize their expenses for meals and other perks for state
officials. Florida was cited as one of the few states to ban such gifts.

Besides lobbying, the center said that pharmaceutical interests gave $18 million
in contributions to state candidates over the period from 2001 to 2004.

California attracted the largest share, with $3.4 million in campaign
contributions. The industry contributed $1 million to Florida state candidates
and $800,000 to candidates in each of three other states --- Illinois, Texas and
Georgia.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              559 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                             June 18, 2013 Tuesday

Gay marriage advocates, business groups in Minnesota spend most on lobbying in
2013

BYLINE: Briana Bierschbach

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 492  words


The successful push to legalize gay marriage in Minnesota this year also turned
out to be one of the most expensive lobbying efforts during the 2013 session,
with advocates and opponents spending nearly $2 million to try and influence
legislators' votes on the issue.

Minnesotans United for All Families, the anti-constitutional amendment
campaign-turned lobbying group, spent about $1.6 million lobbying legislators to
support gay marriage during the 2013 session, according to lobbyist spending
reports submitted this week. Opponents Minnesota for Marriage spent just a
fraction of that, reporting just over $211,000 spent last session to convince
legislators to vote "no. "

The state's three largest pro-business groups also racked up big lobbying bills
in 2013 -- a total of about $1.86 million -- as they fought proposed changes to
the state's tax system and other legislation. The Minnesota Chamber of Commerce
spent about $653,000 on lobbying in 2013, while the Minnesota Business
Partnership hit about $535,000 in lobbying expenses this year. A third business
group, Coalition of Minnesota Businesses, spent $671,000 on lobbying this
session.

But a DFL-controlled Legislature didn't mean union groups got a free ride in
2013. In their push for the unionization of daycare and personal care attendant
workers, AFSCME Council 5 and SEIU Healthcare spent more than $230,000 last
year. The bill was subject to two Republican filibusters, one in each chamber,
before ultimately passing off the House floor with just hours to go until
adjournment. Teachers union Education Minnesota also spent about $659,000 on
lobbying in 2013, considerably more than the $201,000-plus the group spent
during the 2011 budget year under GOP majorities.

The state's world-famous Mayo Clinic arguably got the best bang for their buck.
Mayo lobbyists successfully pushed legislators to pass roughly $400 million
state subsidy to pay for infrastructure surrounding a multi-billion dollar
expansion of the clinic and surrounding area to create a "Destination Medical
Center. "  The deal also puts the city of Rochester on the hook for $128 million
of the total cost. The price tag for lobbying: about $121,000.

Lobbying against proposed gun violence prevention laws also saw an uptick in
activity from the National Rifle Association's lobbyist Chris Rager, who was
paid more than $95,000 this year to push back against gun law changes.The NRA
won that fight, with the so-called "Gun Violence Prevention Act" failing to
reach the full House floor for a vote. That's a big increase from 2012 under GOP
majorities, when Rager took home only $378 from the group. On the opposite side
of that issue, Citizens for a Safer Minnesota, part of Protect Minnesota, spent
about $3,850 in 2013 to encourage legislators to support the gun law changes.

http://www.legal-ledger.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            December 4, 2016 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

ESSENTIAL POLITICS;
POLITICAL ROAD MAP;
Tracking the murky world of lobbying

BYLINE: John Myers

SECTION: CALIFORNIA; bad desk code; Local Desk; Part B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 586 words


The first week of December after every election sparks a policy and political
awakening in California's Capitol for the three houses of the legislative branch
of government. Yes, three.

Civics books list only the state Senate and the Assembly, but then there are the
professional lobbyists who cheekily refer to themselves as the "third house."

For newly elected members of the Legislature, it's a welcoming party that can be
intimidating: The official registry lists 1,871 professional lobbyists, more
than 15 for every legislator.

All of that lobbying doesn't come cheap. State records show $551.9 million in
lobbyist expenditures for all but the final two months of the 2015-16
legislative session. Two decades ago, total state government lobbying cost
$266.9 million.

The stereotype may be powerful corporations or labor unions towering over
everyone, but the biggest spenders are local governments -- government lobbying
government, to the tune of more than $84 million in the last two-year
legislative session. By comparison, oil and gas companies spent less than half
that amount. Agriculture interests spent just 10 cents to every dollar spent by
cities, counties and statewide government associations.

Local officials often think they need more Sacramento muscle beyond their
legislators. City Council members in Glendale were told in a 2013 staff report
that lobbyists would help "gain support from key public officials and policy
makers on decisions that directly impact the city." In the most recent
legislative session, Glendale paid more than $166,000 for lobbyists. The city of
Los Angeles spent about $1.6 million.

But even with the outsized role it plays in the world of political influence,
lobbying isn't so easy to track. Public disclosure forms are filed only every
three months and offer scant evidence of how much was spent to sway opinion on
any particular bill or lucrative government agency contract.

The biggest boost to transparency, which wasn't very big at all, came earlier
this year when state ethics officials required new details on "payments to
influence," meaning money spent on items other than lobbyist salaries.

As a result, the public can now see that the California Teachers Assn. spent
$59,600 this summer on polling, though it doesn't have to disclose the issues
asked about. People also can see that PG&E made a $25,000 donation to the
Oakland School for the Arts, founded by Gov. Jerry Brown during his time as the
city's mayor.

Bigger bucks were spent by NextGen climate, the activist organization led by
Democratic billionaire Tom Steyer -- $7.1 million on advertising in just three
months during the summer debate over broad new state laws to combat climate
change. Though the new disclosure rules help, much of the spending is lumped
into broad categories. The bigger challenge is when influential insiders tiptoe
up to (but not over) the line of what constitutes "official" lobbying and never
disclose their activity. State regulations put the threshold at $2,000 or more a
month in payments to have direct contact with any official who makes legislative
or government decisions.

Whether the definitions are strict enough is an ongoing debate. And some
legislators end up with a vested interest in the issue: When forced from office
due to term limits, a number of them ultimately end up as the lobbyists who will
offer those hearty handshakes when the 120 members of the other two houses
arrive in Sacramento this week to be sworn in for the new term.

--

john.myers@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Montana Standard

                           December 1, 2005, Thursday

Bribery investigation expands

BYLINE: By Jennifer McKee

LENGTH: 728 words



HELENA -- A lobbyist for a Montana water project that has spent more than $
500,000 in state tax money for lobbying is the target of a U.S. Justice
Department bribery investigation, the Washington Post has reported.

Neil Volz, former chief of staff for Rep. Robert Ney, R-Ohio, and Ney were told
in late October by Justice Department prosecutors that the investigators are
preparing a bribery case against the pair, the Post reported Nov. 26.

The newspaper cited anonymous sources.

Volz is now a lobbyist at the Washington, D.C., office of the lobbying firm
Barnes & Thornburg. He is a registered lobbyist for Montana's Carter County and
the Dry Prairie Rural Water Authority.

The newspaper reported that the bribery investigation revolves around activities
that took place in 2000, five years before Volz signed up to lobby for the
Montana entities. There is no indication that Volz's lobbying on behalf of Dry
Prairie or Carter County is part of the investigation.

Dry Prairie has spent $ 570,000 of state tax money to hire lobbyists since 2000,
including Jack Abramoff, the Republican-connected lobbyist whose lobbying
activities are at the center of U.S. Senate and Justice Department probes.

Montana Dry Prairie officials who hired Volz and approve the state money paying
his bills said Tuesday they would stop Volz's work for the project should he
formally charged with bribery.

Abramoff himself has not been charged in the investigation, although his
partner, Michael Scanlon, recently pleaded guilty to conspiracy as part of a
plea agreement with U.S. prosecutors.

Carter County has spent just under $ 100,000 on lobbyists since 2003.

Volz has been a registered lobbyist for the county and the water project since
earlier this year. Since hiring Volz, Dry Prairie has reported spending $ 60,000
on lobbying, U.S. Senate records show. Carter County has spent $ 40,000, records
show.

Carter County uses a combination of tax dollars and private donations to pay for
its lobbying. Dry Prairie has used state tax money.

The Dry Prairie water project is part of larger water project involving the
Assiniboine and Sioux tribes of the Fort Peck Indian Reservation to bring
drinking water to some 31,000 homes in northeastern Montana. The project is
expected to cost around $ 200 million, with much of the money coming from the
federal government.

Carter County maintains a lobbyist to help get federal money to pave Highway
323, the main thoroughfare connecting the county's main towns: Alzada to county
seat Ekalaka.

Volz did not return phone calls seeking comment.

John Tubbs, chief of the Resource Development Bureau in the state Department of
Natural Resources, which oversees water development in the state, said the state
would "strongly encourage" Dry Prairie to cut its ties to Volz should he be
charged.

"I think Dry Prairie should seek a response from the firm itself as to what its
intents are," Tubbs said, referring to the possibility that Barnes & Thornburg
itself might fire Volz if he is charged.

Tubbs' agency reviews all of Dry Prairie's bills paid with state money,
including its lobbying bill. His office is the conduit for all the state dollars
the water authority spends.

Barnes & Thornburg's lobbying bills don't show Volz as heavily involved in Dry
Prairie's lobbying, he said.

Tubbs said the board overseeing Dry Prairie is launching an audit on lobbying in
February.

Clint Jacobs, manager of the Dry Prairie project, said he understands that Volz
is cooperating with the Justice Department and is unlikely to be indicted
because of that. Still, the project is keeping close tabs on the situation.

"If he is indicted, we would move to suspend any of his activities on our
behalf," Jacobs said. "However, we wouldn't be quick to do that until we know
for sure that he is indicted." Last year, lobbying helped secure $ 16 million
for the project, its largest federal appropriation yet.



-----

To see more of The Montana Standard, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mtstandard.com. Copyright (c) 2005, The Montana Standard, Butte

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: BU-LOBBYING-BRIBERY-20051201

JOURNAL-CODE: BU

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                      Copyright 2005 The Montana Standard


                              562 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 17, 2009 Wednesday

Report: Rochester spends more on lobbying

BYLINE: Heather J. Carlson, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 715 words


Jun. 17--Lobbying costs for the city of Rochester are on the rise.

But how much they've gone up is hard to determine.

A recent report by the Minnesota State Auditor found the city's spending on
lobbying went up nearly 45 percent in 2008 compared to the previous year. But
the city of Rochester and the Coalition of Greater Minnesota Cities say the real
number represents a 6.5 percent increase. The coalition now says it goofed the
numbers it sent to the state by including not only direct lobbying costs but
also associated lobbying costs for things such as seminars and conferences for
members.

It is clear that Rochester is stepping up its lobbying game to win support for
some high-ticket projects. According to the state auditor's report, the city
hired private lobbying firms to make its cases. The total spent on these firms
and administrative lobbying costs rose from $41,086 in 2006 to $76,099 last
year.

Assistant City Administrator Gary Neumann said Rochester only hires additional
lobbyists to help push for big local projects.

"We only do that in certain years if we have a significant bonding request," he
said. "That is not an annual expense."

The city has hired these lobbyists over the past three years to help secure
dollars for the Minnesota BioBusiness Center and the proposed Mayo Civic Center
expansion. It appears those efforts paid off, netting $8 million in state
funding for the biobusiness center and $3.5 million for engineering and design
work for the civic center expansion.

The city also belongs to various statewide organizations that lobby on behalf of
cities, paying a total of $149,071 in membership dues last year. Neumann said
the city believes it is important to be a part of these groups. In particular,
he said the coalition has fought hard to limit cuts to Local Government Aid to
cities. Under Gov. Tim Pawlenty's original budget proposal, the city was faced
with losing more than $7 million in aid.

"We think that what they do has great benefit to our citizens, and so we
contribute and pay a fair amount," Neumann said. "If we didn't think they were
worthwhile or getting a return, we would certainly reconsider."

The city of Rochester is not the only local organization that pays for lobbying
above and beyond that by these statewide organizations. Olmsted County spent
more than $60,000 for work from its own lobbyist, Amy Caucutt, in addition to
more than $63,000 in membership dues for the Association of Minnesota Counties,
Highway 14 Partnership and the Metropolitan Inter-County Association.

Rochester Public Schools spent $30,000 in 2008 to hire the lobbying firm Capitol
Gains. That is on top of more than $12,000 in dues for the Minnesota School
Board Association. In an e-mail, the district's finance director Larry Smith
said the district has contracted with Capitol Gains since 2001 "in order to have
a voice at the legislature advocating for Rochester Public Schools. Our focus is
to gain additional funding from the state."

As for the confusion over Rochester's lobbying number, State Auditor Rebecca
Otto said her office did not change the reporting requirements and has talked to
the coalition about its concerns. She said the numbers used by her office are
the same ones that were reported by the coalition to the state's Campaign
Finance and Disclosure Board, which has similar reporting requirements, she
said.

Coalition spokeswoman Erin Flaherty said the group plans to send an amended
report to the state auditor. In that amended return, the coalition will make the
case that the total amount of money the organization spent on lobbying should be
roughly half of the $1 million reported in the audit.

"That is why it was pretty shocking for our cities to see these huge jumps.
We're not raising their dues sky-high or anything. It's just that it got
reported in a way that was inclusive of everything," Flaherty said.

To see more of the Post-Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.postbulletin.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090617-RC-Report-Rochester-spends-more-on-lobbying-0617

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2009 Post-Bulletin


                              563 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 21, 1993, Friday, Final Edition

NRA Takes $ 521,000 Hit in Failed Lobbying Campaign in Va.

Donald P. Baker, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE D3

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND, May 20, 1993


The National Rifle Association not only took it on the chin during this year's
session of the Virginia General Assembly, which adopted a one-gun-a-month
purchase limit, but the gun lobby also got socked in the pocketbook.

The NRA spent $ 521,503 during the 46-day session fighting a losing battle on
the gun bill, according to an amended report filed this week with state
officials.

A rival group, Virginians Against Gun Trafficking, spent $ 87,960 campaigning
for the bill, according to its amended report.

Supporters of the successful bill were almost gleeful that the NRA's vaunted
lobbying operation failed to deliver in spite of all the money spent trying to
sway votes.

Del. James F. Almand (D-Arlington), who sponsored the bill in the House of
Delegates, said the report "shows that in spite of that massive lobbying effort
[by the NRA], the people wanted reasonable regulation of handguns and the people
won. That's refreshing."

The "gun rationing bill," as the NRA dubbed it, attracted national attention
because of Virginia's reputation as a major supplier of guns used by drug
dealers and other criminals along the East Coast.

Gov. L. Douglas Wilder made passage of the measure the centerpiece of his
legislative packet. When it goes into effect July 1, Virginians no longer will
be allowed to buy an unlimited number of handguns, although the law provides for
some exceptions to the monthly limit of one per customer.

In their original filings with the secretary of the commonwealth on April 28,
both organizations failed to report money spent on their advertising campaigns
-- $ 513,700 by the NRA and $ 87,929 by Virginians Against Gun Trafficking, an
ad hoc anti-gun lobby.

Secretary of the Commonwealth Scott D. Bates said it was "very obvious when they
filed originally that, giving them the benefit of the doubt, they didn't
understand what they needed to do."

But because both groups amended their reports after being contacted, Bates said
there would be no penalty.

"Our goal is disclosure, and that has been accomplished," Bates said.

The manager of the NRA's communications office, William McIntyre, blamed
"bureaucratic oversight" within his organization and "somewhat cloudy language"
in the reporting law for failure to include the NRA's vast television
advertising campaign in the original report.

"It's somewhat telling that the same fate befell the other group also," McIntyre
said.

Lawyer Jacqueline E. Stone said she initially filed the spending report of
Virginians Against Gun Trafficking with the state Board of Elections, believing
that was the appropriate office.

Three other organizations lobbied on the gun legislation -- Gun Owners of
America, which spent $ 21,160; Handgun Control Inc., $ 10,905, and Virginia
Firearms Dealers, $ 15,000 -- making total spending on the gun bill and related
legislation $ 656,528.

The three major opponents of the legislation spent $ 557,663, compared with $
98,865 for the two leading proponents.

The battle over the gun bill contributed to a record $ 5.2 million in spending
by lobbyists during the 1993 session.

Second in spending behind the NRA was the American Petroleum Institute, which
reported $ 98,977. Virginians Against Gun Trafficking ranked third. Rounding out
the top five were Texaco Inc., $ 73,678; and the Virginia Education Association,
$ 71,275.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              564 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           October 22, 2009 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Health care groups lobby at record pace;
$130M spent on television ads this year

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 549 words


WASHINGTON -- The drug and insurance industries have dramatically amped up their
efforts to lobby Congress, spending millions over a three-month period to
influence legislation aimed at reshaping the nation's health care system, new
reports show.

The Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America reported nearly $7
million in lobbying expenses from July through September. Overall, the group has
spent nearly as much during the first nine months of 2009 as it did during the
entire previous year.

Individual drug companies also have sharply increased lobbying. Pfizer, for
instance, has spent more than $17 million in lobbying during the first nine
months of this year, nearly twice its lobbying budget during the same period in
2008. Pfizer spokeswoman Kristen Neese said the spending reflects a commitment
to "making our voice heard."

America's Health Insurance Plans, an association of insurance companies now
battling with President Obama over the final shape of health care legislation,
racked up $6.3 million in lobbying expenses this year -- $1 million more than
the same period in 2008, according to lobbying reports filed with Congress and
data compiled by the non-partisan CQ MoneyLine.

The insurance industry opposes efforts to create a government-run insurance plan
to compete with private companies and leveled attacks against a bill approved
last week by a key Senate committee.

The pace of spending means health care lobbying is likely to set records this
year, said Dave Levinthal of the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics,
which tracks money in politics. Last year, the industry spent more than $485
million on lobbying, according to the center's data. "In terms of lobbying, drug
and insurance companies have the loudest voice, and they have the deepest
pockets," Levinthal said. "It remains to be seen what the effect of this
unprecedented lobbying will have."

The lobbying frenzy comes amid heavy advertising -- much of it targeting
lawmakers in their home states. Groups have spent $130 million on TV ads this
year, said Evan Tracey, of the Campaign Media Analysis Group.

That's nearly twice the $70 million Obama spent on TV ads to win his party's
presidential nomination in 2008.

Health care groups said they would continue to push their cause as lawmakers
work to meld five competing health bills.

"We're now at a critical moment in this debate," said Robert Zirkelbach, a
spokesman for the health insurance trade group. Insurers, he said, will
"continue to talk to the American people about what these reforms mean to them
and what it will take to achieve bipartisan, comprehensive health care reform."

Ken Johnson, a senior vice president for the drug industry's chief lobbying
group, said the association shifted more of its budget to health care lobbying
this year "to do everything we can to make health care reform a reality." The
group has backed Democratic efforts to revamp health care and agreed to cut $80
billion in drug costs over a decade under a deal with the White House.

"Financially, we are totally outgunned," said Ron Pollack, executive director of
Families USA, which supports changing the health care system. Consumer-advocacy
groups "are holding our own" because lawmakers "are well aware that consumer
interests have broad support," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          February 26, 2003, Wednesday

FREE-RIDE BRIBE' FIRM HAS DEAL FOR 250G FINE

BYLINE: KENNETH LOVETT Post Correspondent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 008

LENGTH: 358 words


ALBANY - A bribery-tainted prison company has agreed to pay a record $250,000
fine and not lobby in New York for seven years, under a tentative settlement
with the state Lobbying Commission.

The lawyer for Correctional Services Corp. agreed to the deal yesterday, subject
to approval by the Florida-based company's board today, said Lobbying Commission
Executive Director David Grandeau.

CSC is accused of failing to report free transportation and other gifts to New
York lawmakers. State law bars legislators from accepting gifts and other
services worth more than $75 each.

If accepted by the company, the Lobbying Commission is expected to also sign off
on the deal this afternoon.

The $250,000 fine would equal a penalty imposed in 2000 on Donald Trump and his
associates in the highest ever handed out by the commission.

But unlike with the Trump case, CSC would also have a seven-year "death penalty"
in which it can neither lobby on its own or hire a lobbyist in the state for
seven years.

"It's a recognition that this kind of activity is not going to be tolerated,"
Grandeau said.

While a settlement would end the Lobbying Commission investigation, the company
is still being probed for possible criminal violations by the Albany and
Manhattan district attorneys' offices.

CSC came under investigation by the Lobbying Commission after Assemblywoman
Gloria Davis of The Bronx resigned in January after admitting she accepted free
rides to and from Albany from CSC in return for helping the company with its
contracts.

Soon after, Assemblyman Roger Green (D-Brooklyn) told The Post he, too, accepted
free rides from the company, but denied they were in exchange for help.

Other prominent state and city officials are reported to have accepted dinners,
rides, plane tickets and other gifts from the company as well.

CSC lawyer David Featherstonhaugh said he expects the company this morning to
decide whether to accept the settlement terms. If CSC does not accept the deal,
the Lobbying Commission will schedule a civil-penalty hearing for May, Grandeau
said.

CSC no longer has any contracts with the state.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              566 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            February 21, 2003 Friday

Blagojevich cuts lobbying contracts

BYLINE: DOUG FINKE STATE CAPITOL BUREAU

SECTION: CITY/STATE; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 490 words


Saying they're of questionable value, Gov. Rod Blagojevich is cutting more than
$1 million worth of contracts the state has with Washington, D.C., lobbying
firms.

In addition, he is asking the State Board of Education to terminate a
$330,000-a-year contract it has with a firm to lobby Illinois' own congressional
delegation. The board already has paid the firm $850,000 under a previous
contract. "We do not need to spend state money on high-powered and very highly
paid D.C. lobbying firms," deputy governor Doug Scofield said Thursday. "This
may have been a poor priority even in better financial times."

Earlier this month, Blagojevich canceled a $500,000 contract with Patton Boggs,
a firm hired to lobby in Washington for the Illinois Department of
Transportation. The Chicago law firm of Mayer Brown & Platt also was part of
that deal.

The Department of Human Services had a separate, $567,000 contract with Patton
Boggs that expired at the end of 2002. That contract is not being renewed.

A $150,000 contract between the Department of Public Aid and the Washington law
firm of Holland & Knight also was terminated.

In addition, Blagojevich sent a letter to State Board of Education chairman Ron
Gidwitz urging the board to terminate its lobbying contract with Barbour,
Griffith & Rogers Inc. Scofield said the contract is

"essentially lobbying (Illinois congressional) legislators."

"I believe that this contract is entirely unwarranted at this time," Blagojevich
said in his letter. "In addition, I am not convinced that the firm plays an
essential or valuable role in delivering services to the people of Illinois."

The state board issued a written statement Thursday saying the lobbying contract
"has been a sound investment for Illinois taxpayers," and that the state has
received $9 million in federal funding attributable to the lobbyists' work.

"That said, the state board will give the governor's request its most careful
consideration," the statement said.

Blagojevich does not believe canceling the contracts will hurt state efforts to
obtain federal aid, Scofield said. With the state facing an estimated $4.8
billion budget shortfall this fiscal year and next, any extra federal dollars
are desperately needed.

"The point here is this is the job of the congressional delegation, and they are
very good at their jobs," Scofield said.

Illinois' delegation includes U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert, R-Yorkville,
and U.S. Rep. Ray LaHood, R-Peoria, a member of the powerful Appropriations
Committee.

Other lobbying contracts are under review, Scofield said.

Although the spending cuts announced Thursday will help with the state's budget
woes, Scofield acknowledged that most of the $1.2 billion deficit projected for
the current budget year, which ends June 30, will be carried over to next year,
when the total deficit is projected to hit $4.8 billion.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2003 The State Journal-Register


                              567 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            March 16, 1995, Thursday

LOBBYISTS HIT CEILING AT 39 MIL

BYLINE: By DENENE MILLNER

SECTION: News Pg.  35

LENGTH: 428 words



Special-interest groups wore out their shoes at the capitol last year, spending
a record $ 39 million to influence the decisions of state lawmakers.

A report from the state lobbying commission issued yesterday showed that more
than 1,000 groups and 43 corporations, represented by nearly 2,000 lobbyists,
descended on the executive chamber and the capitol looking to push or stop
legislation.

Health and mental-health interests spent the most lobbying dollars $ 5.4
million.

The year's top benefactor of lobbying business was the Albany law firm of
Wilson, Elser, Moskowitz, Edleman and Dicker. It raked in almost $ 2 million in
fees from 26 organizations, including the Blue Cross & Blue Shield Association
and the Hotel Association of New York.

Kenneth Shapiro, former counsel to Assembly Speakers Mel Miller, Stanley Fink
and Stanley Steingut, is one of six powerhouse lobbyists working the capitol
halls for the firm, formerly known as Bower and Gardner.

That firm, whose lobbyists included Fink, broke up last year.

Among Wilson, Elser, Moskowitz, Edleman and Dicker's victories last year was a
reduction in the state's 6% hotel-occupancy tax.

The firm with the second-highest lobbying fees was Davidoff & Malito, which
pulled down more than $ 1.2 million in fees representing Coca-Cola, Perrier, the
state Soft Drink Association, Long Island University and 37 other organizations.

The firm's top partners are Sid Davidoff, a close friend and former adviser to
Mayor David Dinkins, and Robert Malito, a long-time friend of and top campaign
fund-raiser for Sen. Al D'Amato.

Also lobbying for them is former Senate Finance Committee Chairman Tarky
Lombardi, a Syracuse Republican who retired two years ago.

Malito's D'Amato connection has helped the Manhattan-based firm pull in $
600,000 in new fees this year alone and is expected to make it the top lobbyist
this year.

The biggest single spender was the New York State United Teachers, which doled
out $ 638,434 in a quest for raises, higher pensions and job protection last
year. Second was New York City, which spent $ 505,058 to catch state lawmakers'
ears.

Last year, the groups dropped $ 38.5 million to bend the ears of state
lawmakers. Political watchdog groups said the report proved special interests'
ability to spend millions gives them a leg up on everyday citizens when it comes
to policy making. "Fat cats still rule," said Blair Horner of the New York
Public Interest Research Group. "We believe that the power to decide things has
gone from the many to the few."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                              568 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 20, 2013 Friday

Fracking lobby gives $1.8M to lawmakers;
Legislature rejects governor's tax boost for natural gas industry.;
OHIO POLITICS

BYLINE: By Jackie Borchardt

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 526 words


COLUMBUS - Campaign cash and lobbying efforts from the natural gas industry have
boomed in Ohio alongside a greater drilling presence in the past two years,
according to a report released Thursday.

Industry executives, employees and political action committees gave more than
$1.8 million to Ohio elected officials, candidates and political parties from
July 2011 through June 2013, according to an analysis of state political
contribution data by Common Cause Ohio.

The majority of contributions went to Republican officials and lawmakers, who
control the Statehouse and the balance of political power in Ohio's capital.

Common Cause bills itself as a nonpartisan organization that aims to keep
government accountable. Its Ohio office has targeted "fracking," a process that
uses water and chemicals pumped underground to fracture the earth and release
natural gas, oil and other substances.

Catherine Turcer, of Common Cause Ohio, said the industry's recent relevance
presents a good case study for examining possible connections between money and
politics and revising Ohio's lobbying laws.

"We've had such significant changes in these policies in the last few years...
this industry has come in like a steamroller," Turcer said.

Contributions flowed heavy in January 2012 and the early months of 2013, when
Gov. John Kasich introduced a drilling regulation bill and proposed a tax hike
on the industry. Ohio House of Representatives spokesman Mike Dittoe said the
money didn't influence leading lawmakers to scrap Kasich's tax hike or to pass
the regulatory bill, which requires drillers to disclose most fracking fluids,
among other changes.

"Political contributions never dictate or influence legislative matters before
the Ohio House," Dittoe said. "No one is beholden to any industry or special
interest - these organizations are contributing to House Republicans because
they believe in what they're doing."

Common Cause tallied $43,000 in reported expenditures from industry lobbyists,
which Turcer said doesn't paint a complete picture of the industry's lobbying
efforts.

Ohio lobbyists reported $407,322 in expenditures last year. Pennsylvania has a
similar amount of lobbying entities and lobbyists, but reported $407 million in
lobbying expenditures - $12.7 million in natural gas and drilling.

Pennsylvania requires lobbyists to disclose their salaries, paid by various
companies and organizations. Ohio does not. Ohio also ended in 2010 its
revolving door policy that required lawmakers to take one year off before
lobbying. The policy's supporters argued that the break prevented lawmakers from
quid pro quos and other influence while still in office.

"There's a whole lot of activity going on out there that we don't know about,"
said James Browning, regional director for Common Cause.

Former Senate President Tom Niehaus, a Republican from New Richmond, introduced
a bill late last year that would have revised some state ethics laws, including
lobbying expenditure reporting. The bill was introduced too late in the session
to move past the Ohio Senate, so the General Assembly never had a full
conversation about the plan or other ethics law reforms.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              569 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 September 3, 2004 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

LOBBYING CURBS BEING CONSIDERED;
SANTA CLARA COUNTY LOOKS AT S.J., S.F. LAWS

BYLINE: PUTSATA REANG, Mercury News

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 638 words


Hot on the heels of San Jose's tightening of its lobbying policies, Santa Clara
County officials for the first time Thursday publicly swapped ideas about a
sample ordinance that they plan to use as a template for the county's expansion
of its own lobbying law.

The prototype, presented by County Counsel Ann Ravel at the county's finance and
government operations committee meeting, is patterned after similar laws in San
Jose, Los Angeles and San Francisco. Lobbyists in those jurisdictions are
required to register with the city or county before acting on behalf of their
clients.

Under the county's developing policy, anyone earning at least $3,200 to
represent a firm or who works for an agency that logs at least 100 hours
lobbying in a consecutive three-month period must disclose to the county who
they represent, how much money they are paid, and the nature of their advocacy
work. Anyone who spends $5,000 or more in a consecutive 12-month period on a
public-relations campaign or similar effort to influence public decision also
would be required to register.

Registration fee

Additionally, the plan calls for lobbyists to pay a not-yet-determined
registration fee and update their disclosure information every quarter.

"For me, the goal is 'transparency' and that we define standards of behavior we
want to have," said Supervisor Jim Beall, vice chair of the committee.

The county's current decade-old policy on lobbyists simply requires anyone who
receives $100 or more to push an organization's agenda to identify themselves
before speaking at a board of supervisors meeting. But a series of editorials in
the Mercury News this year documenting the potential conflict of interest of a
top land-use consultant and lobbyist in the county prompted officials to update
the county ordinance.

Ed Alvarez, co-founder of Silicon Valley Advisors, abruptly resigned March 22
amid a county probe into his work representing the county on a concert hall
project at the fairgrounds. At the same time, he was representing Turner
Construction for work on a ballot initiative voters had approved just weeks
before. Measure D changed the way the city of San Jose awards contracts for its
largest public works projects, bypassing the open competitive bid process.

Turner Construction was part of a development team that won a lucrative contract
to build the county's $65 million concert hall, which is now tied up in
litigation.

The ordinance also addresses scenarios similar to the one involving Alvarez,
requiring lobbyists who are paid by the county as a consultant to register with
the clerk.

"It's great that the board is looking at this, particularly because the
decisions the board of supervisors has to make are increasingly complex. They
involve multiple agencies and large sums of money," said Judy Nadler, senior
fellow in government ethics at the Markkula Center for Applied Ethics. "It's
important they make every effort to ensure a framework for these decisions based
on ethics, and part of that is to monitor and regulate those who lobby."

While Thursday's discussion concerned preliminary provisions for a new county
law, officials made it clear that more lengthy discussions among the staff and
the community are required to fine-tune the limits before the county drafts a
proposed ordinance in November.

Sample policy

The county's sample policy presented Thursday would include those working for
non-profit or community-based organizations, requiring them to register. That is
something that Supervisor Pete McHugh plans to leave out of the proposed
ordinance.

"I'm more concerned with those who are paid consultants trying to get us to
support their projects," said McHugh, chairman of the government committee.
"That's the activity that needs the most regulation."

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos (2);
PHOTO: Beall
Wants to define standards.
PHOTO: Ravel
Presented Santa Clara County plan.

                     Copyright 2004 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     March 28, 2001 Wednesday CITY EDITION

LOCALITIES SPENT $4.1 MILLION ON LOBBYING IN '99;
AUDITOR'S REPORT LISTS EXPENSES OF CITIES, COUNTIES AND TOWNS

BYLINE: Patrick Sweeney, Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 456 words


The city of Richfield spent more than $196,000 to lobby state and federal
lawmakers in 1999, according to a new report by Minnesota Auditor Judi Dutcher.

Richfield, which has about 37,000 residents, had the highest per capita lobbying
expenses - $5.30 for every person in the community - of any governmental body in
the state.

Dutcher, whose staff is scheduled to present her report on lobbying expenditures
to the House Tax Committee today, found that cities, counties and school
districts across the state spent $4.1 million trying to influence legislators in
1999.

The report indicates that St. Paul made $77,631 in direct and indirect lobbying
expenditures, Ramsey County spent $117,453 and the St. Paul school district
spent $83,757.

Minneapolis spent $230,148, Hennepin County spent $331,586 and the Minneapolis
school district spent $87,202.

While the information in Dutcher's report is 2 years old, her compilation goes
further than more-current lobby expense reports available from the state
Campaign Finance and Public Disclosure Board.

That's because the state reports list only expenditures made by lobbyists on
behalf of their clients, not the usually much-higher fees the clients pay to the
lobbyists. Dutcher's report includes the fees, and it also includes lobbying
expenses that cities, counties and school districts pay indirectly through
dozens of special-interest associations that lobby on behalf of their members.

Most of Richfield's lobbying expenditures went into efforts to persuade state
lawmakers and federal agencies to provide money to buy and demolish about 225
homes and a similar number of apartment units whose occupants potentially would
be affected by low-frequency noise from a north-south runway scheduled to open
in 2003 at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport.

Samantha Orduno, Richfield's city manager, said Richfield has continued to make
major expenditures for lobbying, and she said the money has been well spent. She
said Richfield won a state grant of $5 million last year, plus a $10 million
federal grant to the Metropolitan Airports Commission for noise remediation.
This year, she said, Richfield is seeking $30 million from the state.

"We got our money's worth in 1999, we got our money's worth in 2000 and we're
getting our money's worth this year," Orduno said.

East metro cities and counties that had major lobbying expenses in 1999
included:

Dakota County, $128,348; Washington County, $53,208, Mendota Heights, $16,829;
Mounds View, $65,853; Stillwater, $55,100; and Woodbury, $34,579.

Staff writer Patrick Sweeney can be reached at psweeney@pioneerpress.com or
(651) 228-5253.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2001 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           February 25, 2012 Saturday

Pakistan: 'Baloch doctor behind Balochistan resolution in US''Baloch doctor
behind Balochistan resolution in US'

LENGTH: 726 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON, Feb. 25 -- The principal organisation that helped "prepare and push"
Republican Congressman Dana Rohrabacher for last week's controversial
Congressional hearing on Balochistan, claims to be "a lobbying group with the
goals to educate the American people and the world community about Balochistan."

But the group called Baloch Society of North America is not officially
registered as a lobbying group, according to public records. The head of the
organisation, Dr Wahid Baloch, appeared confused when asked about the
registration of his group, saying: "it's a non-profit and lobbying group." He
later said: "we are in the process of filing for non-profit status."

The U.S. Internal Revenue Service is tasked with determining an organisation's
eligibility for non-profit status. Talking to the News, Dr. Wahid Baloch said
that he was in constant contact with Mir Suleman Daud Khan, the 35th leader of
the defunct Kalat Royal Family, who provides political, ideological as well as
financial support.

Dr. Baloch said that with the participation of other Baloch organisations
working in the United States, BSoNA helped prepare Republican Congressman Dana
Rohrabacher for last week's Congressional hearing on Balochistan. "Khan Daud did
meet with Congressman Rohrabacher in Germany, and we helped prepare questions
and provided background information on Balochistan via emails."

He added that other active groups, once divided on different issues, came
together to assist Congressional staff in charting out the agenda.

The group was established in 2005 with seven members but has grown to almost
hundred, claims Dr Wahid. "The members include Baloch nationals as well as
Americans." The organisation has also set up an office in Washington DC on K
street, which was used to raise funds for different members of the Congress. Dr.
Wahid Baloch, who apparently is also known as Dostin W Baloch, filed at least
$4,500 for four Democrat (and not Republican) candidates. During the 2010
election cycle, Dr. Wahid Baloch donated 1,000 dollars twice to Congressman Brad
Sherman (California) campaign. From his Florida address, Dr Baloch donated $500
to 'Friends of Shumer' referring to Senator Chuck Shumer (NY).

From the same Florida address under the name Dostin Baloch, $1,000 was donated
to Russ Feingold Senate Committee and another $1000 to 'Committee to Elect Gary
Ackerman', a Congressman from New York. So far in the current election cycle,
Wahid Baloch of the K street address, again donated $250 to 'Sherman for
Congress'. Congressman Brad Sherman was on the panel that conducted the
Congressional hearing, and has been a strong advocate for U.S. outreach to
Sindhi and Baloch people. Interestingly, Dostin W Baloch resides in
Jacksonville, Florida as well and owns property of worth $129,544 at Indies
Drive and $106,252 at Kusaie Drive respectively.

BSoNA, as the group is known, mentioned on its website that in 2006 it launched
the government of Balochistan in exile. Dr. Baloch said the conference on
Balochistan was postponed due to recent developments. The new date for the
conference has not been announced. The conference agenda, Dr. Baloch said, would
be to unite all Baloch groups and bring them together on one platform. "The
cause initially was to chart out a draft of future independent Balochistan," he
said adding: "we are now waiting to see how the situation evolves."

He hoped that the state of Pakistan would understand and redress Baloch
concerns. Recently a picture of Dr. Wahid Baloch with Vice President Joe Biden
at a fundraising event circulated on the Internet. Another questionable
organisation called American Friends of Balochistan, headed by Ahmer Mustikhan,
is practically a one-man show. He criticised C. Christine Fair, one of last
week's hearing witnesses, on her characterisation of Balochistan as part of
Pakistan.

A third but prominent group is the newly established "Balochistan National
Party, U.S. Chapter," founded by individuals who were once politically active in
Balochistan. Dr. Tara Chand, a former provincial minister of Balochistan, is
running the group with Waheed Baloch, former speaker of the Balochistan
Assembly, and Akram Baloch, who contested general elections from Kharan but
lost. All three moved to the United States a few years ago Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           February 17, 2011 Thursday

Jackson Laboratory expected to make decision in days

BYLINE: DOUG SWORD and MICHAEL POLLICK Staff Writers

SECTION: D; ARTICLE; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 637 words


Local officials are expecting an announcement within a few days from research
giant Jackson Laboratory on which county -- Sarasota or Hillsborough -- will be
the site of its planned personalized medicine institute.

The Bar Harbor, Maine, not-for-profit had earlier said it would likely pick a
county before the Florida Legislature's session begins March 8. But a desire to
get local officials on board and organized for what would be a herculean
lobbying effort to secure perhaps $200 million in funding is driving a push to
make this first decision as soon as possible.

Teri Hansen, chief executive of Gulf Coast Community Foundation of Venice, said
the latest she had heard was that Jackson's board planned to make an
announcement Tuesday or Wednesday.

"They are cognizant of when the Legislature starts," Sarasota County
Administrator Jim Ley said.

The community Jackson chooses needs time to "put together a consistent story"
for the lobbying effort that will follow, said Ley.

Lobbying for public money has, to a degree, inverted the process. While both
Tampa and Sarasota have suggested a menu of sites in their counties, Jackson is
not expected to pick a location until later. After picking a community, the next
step will be to present the project to Gov. Rick Scott in hopes of winning his
support as the legislative session starts.

Originally planned for east Collier County and geared to spend $260 million in
state and local funding, Jackson agreed to scale back the cost after a request
from Florida Senate leaders.

Jackson's partner in the project is the University of South Florida, which has
campuses in Tampa and Sarasota. Over time, Jackson would hire about 200
researchers to work with Tampa-based USF Health in bringing advances in
neurological, cardiological and diabetes research out of the lab and into
doctors' offices and hospitals.

Six days ago, Mike Hyde, Jackson's vice president of advancement, said the lab
hoped to pick the winning county within three weeks. Wednesday, he declined to
be more specific, but acknowledged the lab is in a hurry.

"Let's just say, it is in everybody's interest to move this to a decision as
soon as we can and we are trying to do that," he said.

"The sequence is we need to figure out where it makes sense to put the
institute, to find the parameters of an agreement with local government, and to
move onto the discussion list with the governor and his staff to see what their
appetite might be; and if all those things are in phase to move on to the
Legislature."

Part of the urgency of picking a county prior to picking a specific site is to
determine which legislative delegation Jackson and USF must focus on.

"Sure," said Hyde. "It will matter how you approach the Legislature as a
geographically represented body."

While the statehouse effort goes on, locals will also have to focus on winning
support for the expensive project from residents torn between hopes of
revitalizing the local economy and concerns over their own pocketbooks.

The local cost is not clear at this point, but constructing a building for
Jackson will surely cost a lot more than $20 million, the county's borrowing
limit on capital projects. Anything above that number must be approved by voters
in a referendum.

Rex Jensen, whose Lakewood Ranch development is one potential home for the
planned research park, says he expects a lengthy process.

"This is a big deal and because of that it is going to be a lot more complicated
and take a longer time to successfully do than might otherwise be typical,"
Jensen said.

"You're looking at a huge incentive package. You're looking at a location that
has a lot of long-term consequences and, therefore, it is going to have to be
carefully thought through."

The following fields overflowed: REFERENCE = ARTICLE ARTICLE ARTICLE ARTICLE
ARTICLE ARTICLE ARTICLE

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

'We're gonna run this city';
Ex-deputy treasurer for Ohio had kickback scheme, FBI says.;
CONTINUING COVERAGE

BYLINE: By Laura A. Bischoff

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 479 words


COLUMBUS - Former Ohio deputy state treasurer Amer Ahmad and his close friend M.
Noure Alo plotted a kickback scheme and planned to set up Alo as a go-to
lobbyist for companies doing business with the state treasurer, according to FBI
testimony Thursday before U.S. District Court Judge Michael Watson.

"We're gonna run this city," Ahmad told Alo in an email.

The men exchanged emails and text messages about 14 times a day, discussed "the
objective," and expressed a deep mutual trust, testified FBI Special Agent
Jeffrey D. Rees.

The testimony came during a sentencing hearing for Alo, who last year pleaded
guilty to aiding and abetting wire fraud.

Watson on Thursday delayed sentencing for Alo and co-conspirators Doug Hampton
and Joseph Chiavaroli to give himself more time to consider newly submitted
documents detailing just how big a role Alo played in the scheme.

Rees testified that Alo attended campaign events for then-state treasurer Kevin
Boyce, a Columbus Democrat, in an effort to drum up lobbying business among
companies doing business with the state treasury.

Alo also solicited lobbying contracts from Boston-based State Street Bank as
well as Bank of New York Mellon, both of which were seeking a contract with the
Boyce administration to handle more than $20 billion in public pension assets
invested around the world.

State Street Bank hired Alo, who was an immigration attorney with no lobbying
experience but who had close ties to Ahmad, and paid Alo $16,000 up front, Rees
said.

In May 2010, this newspaper published stories calling into question the ties
between Alo, Ahmad and the bank lobbying contract. That triggered an FBI
investigation.

The U.S. Attorney's Office has not filed charges related to the lobbying
arrangement, though authorities acknowledge the investigation is ongoing. During
the probe, FBI agents uncovered the kickback scheme, which led to guilty pleas
by Ahmad, Alo, Hampton and Chiavaroli.

Ahmad recommended his high school pal, Doug Hampton of Hampton Capital Financial
Management, for the state's trader list, and steered work to Hampton, who made
$3.2 million in fees off the state work.

Rees said Ahmad wanted half of the $3.2 million in fees kicked back to him.
Roughly $523,000 was funneled back to Ahmad and Alo via Alo's law firm and
Chiavaroli's lawn care business. Ahmad owned a 40 percent stake in the lawn
business.

Ahmad is awaiting extradition to the U.S. from Pakistan, where he has been held
since April when he made a clandestine dash out of the country to escape
sentencing. It is unclear exactly when he will return to the U.S. to be
sentenced for wire fraud, money laundering and bribery.

In August 2013, Hampton pleaded guilty to money laundering, conspiracy to commit
bribery and wire fraud. Chiavaroli pleaded guilty to money laundering.

Contact this reporter at 614-224-1624 or email Laura A..Bischoff@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              574 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 29, 1988, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Aircraft Maker Recounts Paying $25,000 to Nofziger for Lobbying

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 15, Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 472 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 28


Lyn Nofziger's lobbying firm received $25,000 from a military contractor a day
before prosecutors say the former White House aide urged government officials to
continue production of a warplane, according to testimony today at Mr.
Nofziger's trial.

Thomas A. Guarino, former executive vice president of the Fairchild Republic
Company, manufacturer of the A-10 antitank aircraft, said he authorized the
payment on Sept. 22, 1982, at a dinner meeting with Mr. Nofziger and Stanton D.
Anderson, a lawyer who lobbied for the military contractor.

The next day, Mr. Nofziger's company was paid $25,000 by Mr. Anderson's law firm
for his services to Fairchild Republic, according to a statement of evidence
agreed to by the prosecution and defense in Federal District Court.

Foundation Aided

Mr. Guarino said he authorized the law firm to bill Fairchild for any payments
it had made to Mr. Nofziger.

Fairchild also paid $50,000 to the New American Foundation, an educational arm
of a political action committee that Mr. Nofziger headed, according to the
statement.

Among other things, Mr. Nofziger is charged with improperly lobbying National
Security Council officials at a meeting Sept. 24, 1982. Prosecutors have charged
in court that Mr. Nofziger attended the meeting with Mr. Anderson to discuss
continuing money for the A-10 craft.

The indictment charges that the contact was illegal because it occurred within a
year of Mr. Nofziger's resignation at White House political director on Jan. 22,
1982.

The Ethics in Government Act forbids former officials to lobby their old agency
for a year after leaving government employment.

Mr. Guarino said he had agreed to the arrangement after Mr. Anderson ''said
many, many good things about Mr. Nofziger's reputation in Washington as a
strategist.''

The aerospace executive said Fairchild had stepped up its lobbying effort after
a Senate committee cut funds for 20 A-10's from the Administration's budget for
the 1983 fiscal year.

No Wedtech Connecton

Earlier today, James Sanders, former head of the Small Business Administration,
testified that Mr. Nofziger did not make ''any kind of untoward suggestion''
about the Wedtech Corporation's bid for a military contract.

Mr. Nofziger is accused of improperly lobbying in behalf of Wedtech, a Bronx
company that is now the focus of an influence-peddling scandal.

Mr. Sanders, who headed the S.B.A. when Wedtech won a $32 million Army contract,
testified that he may have discussed the company's proposal at a May 3, 1982,
luncheon with Mr. Nofziger and Mark A. Bragg, Mr. Nofziger's business partner.

''There was nothing remarkable or extraordinary in that conversation,'' Mr.
Sanders told E. Lawrence Barcella, the defense lawyer. ''I would have remembered
that if any kind of untoward suggestion had been made.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              575 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 28, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

ASSERTING THE RIGHTS OF THE MALE

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 6, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 785 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 27


When Dan Logan was a Washington speechwriter, politicians were only too happy to
listen to his suggestions. But now, as executive director of Free Man, a men's
issues organization, Mr. Logan feels that his ideas are seldom taken seriously.

''If you say 'men's issues' to a poltician in Washington,'' Mr. Logan said, ''he
may laugh. I've had it happen to me.''

Still, Mr. Logan says the men's movement is determined to push for changes in
divorce law, fathers' rights and other issues, and, he contends, it is beginning
to build some momentum. He notes, for example, that Free Man, founded in 1977 in
nearby Columbia, Md., is just one of more than 100 groups that have come
together in recent years in a loosely knit coalition known as the National
Congress for Men. Membership of the constituent groups, he reports, exceeds
10,000, although the degree of overlap is uncertain.

Much of the lobbying done by the groups is carried on in state capitals, since
issues such as divorce, visitation rights and alimony payments are mainly
matters of state law. But of late, the groups have begun to lobby Congress on
issues they feel are subject to solution in Washington, such as paternity leave
from work and discrimination in insurance rates. Further, they are pushing for
passage of an equal rights amendment to the Constitution, which they contend
would help men as well as women.

''I'd like to see divorced fathers and veterans in there lobbying for the
e.r.a.,'' Mr. Logan said.

Men in Congress and the state legislatures, he said, ''have to understand that
e.r.a. is going to affect them.''

The lobbying, whether at the state or national level, is not always coordinated,
Mr. Logan concedes, and some of the groups differ over what part of the agenda
should be emphasized most. But Mr. Logan says cooperation between groups is
increasing, just as membership continues to grow.

Seeking Equal Attention

Mr. Logan, who was one of the founders of the four-year-old congress, which has
its headquarters in Portland, Me., says the men's groups do not want to take
away gains made by women. Rather, he says, the goal is equal attention.

''Feminists have won a commitment by government to take their unique needs
seriously and to study and act on those needs,'' Mr. Logan said. ''We want a
commitment by government that men have unique needs and that men need help.''

The perception that only women have been discriminated against is hindering
men's efforts to assert their rights, Mr. Logan contends.

Patricia Reuss, legislative director of the Women's Equity Action League, a
research and lobbying group, says men's and women's groups can work together on
some equality issues, such as pension reform. ''We look forward to these groups
joining us in our advocacy,'' she said, ''but we will not apologize for
targeting the government to get services for women. Until we have some more
changes, it's still going to be a government of men, by men and for men.''

Use of Existing Laws

Mr. Logan says that men have begun to use existing laws to their advantage. He
noted that Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which prohibits sex
discrimination in employment, has been successfully used in court to argue that
for every maternity leave policy, there must be an equal paternity leave policy.

As keynote speaker at this year's convention of the National Congress for Men,
Mr. Logan called for support of a bill sponsored by Representative Patricia
Schroeder, Democrat of Colorado, to establish a national minimum standard of 18
weeks unpaid parental leave to care for a newborn, newly adopted or seriously
ill child.

Mr. Logan also called for support of a bill introduced by Representative John D.
Dingell, Democrat of Michigan, to prohibit insurers from calculating rates on
the basis of sex.

Aiming for Comparable Services

Now Mr. Logan is focusing his attention on what he says will be the next major
issue: the provision of a governmental service specifically aimed at men for
every comparable service aimed at women.

Support systems and services, such as diaper-changing tables in men's restrooms,
should be available to help men make the transition into more active parenthood,
Mr. Logan argues.

Men's issues groups, such as Free Man, are ''interested in men's growing out of
the traditional definition of masculinity,'' Mr. Logan said. ''We'd like men to
be more emotional when that's useful. For John Wayne, the John Wayne ethos
worked, and for Phil Donahue, the Phil Donahue ethos works.''

''Our fight is with institutions,'' he added, ''not only legislatures, courts,
administrative agencies, corporations, but the masculinity and the femininity
which limits us all.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: December 16, 1985, Monday, Late City Final Edition

CORRECTION:

A report in the Briefing column of the Washington Talk page on Nov. 28, about
lobbying for men's causes, misidentified the group in which Dan Logan serves as
executive director. It is Free Men.

GRAPHIC: Photo of Dan Logan with his wife, Gloria, and daughter, Elizabeth
(NYT/Ronald W. Thomas)

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              576 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                          November 29, 2006 Wednesday

Lobbying World

BYLINE: None

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 361 words


*Stephen Rhoades is joining The Allbaugh Company, the lobbying bastion of former
Federal Emergency Management Agency director Joe Allbaugh, as a senior vice
president. Rhoades has been senior vice president at engineering company HNTB
Corp. in addition to serving in the U.S. Army, retiring as a brigadier general.

*Peter Rodman will leave his Pentagon post as assistant secretary of defense for
national security affairs next year to join the Brookings Institution as a
senior fellow. Rodman is a former deputy assistant to President Reagan and a
past policy planning staff director at the State Department.

*Richard Boykin is on the move from Rep. Danny Davis's (D-Ill.) office, where he
was chief of staff, to Barnes & Thornburg, where he will help set up a
Chicago-Washington lobbying operation.

*Catherine Schultz is now the vice president for tax policy at the National
Foreign Trade Council, moving over from the Capital Strategies Group, where she
specialized in tax lobbying. Schultz has held leadership posts at the Tax
Coalition and directed regulatory affairs at Honeywell, in addition to stints at
Hogan & Hartson and Caplin & Drysdale.

*John Magnus, a trade policy specialist, has jumped from Dewey Ballentine to
Miller & Chevalier, where he will lobby and join the international law group. At
his former firm, Magnus represented high-profile clients such as the Retail
Industry Leaders Association and General Electric.

*Kyle Mulhall and Guy Singer have come on board at Akerman Senterfitt. Mulhall
most recently served as chief legal officer at Catapult Technology, an
information technology provider to the federal government, and is also a former
senior policy adviser to ex-House Minority Leader Dick Gephardt (D-Mo.). Singer,
who will specialize in litigation, comes from the Justice Department, where he
worked on the prosecution of Jack Abramoff. Singer is also a former assistant
state attorney in Miami-Dade County, Fla.

*Josh Gottheimer, who served as a White House speechwriter under President
Clinton and, most recently, strategic communications director at Ford Motor
Company, is now at Burson-Marsteller as a worldwide executive vice president.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 25, 1986, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

EX-ENVOY TESTIFIED BEFORE GRAND JURY ON DEAVER

BYLINE: By MARTIN TOLCHIN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 16, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 812 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 24


Richard L. Walker, a former United States Ambassador to South Korea, said today
that he had testified before a Federal grand jury investigating the lobbying
activities of Michael K. Deaver, a former White House aide.

Mr. Walker said he testified for about an hour Nov. 13 and answered questions
about Mr. Deaver's lobbying activities in South Korea. He also said he had
provided the grand jury with relevant documents.

In a telephone interview from his home in Columbia, S.C., Mr. Walker declined to
say what questions he had been asked by the grand jury. He said that in his
testimony, he had taken issue with some statements in an article on Mr. Deaver's
activities in South Korea in The New York Times in August but declined to
specify which ones, or to discuss any of the specifics of his testimony.

Mr. Walker, 64 years old, retired from the State Department this fall when he
returned from South Korea.

Conflict-of-Interest Charges

The grand jury, convened last summer by Whitney North Seymour Jr,, the
court-appointed independent counsel, has been investigating conflict-of-interest
charges arising from the lobbying activities of Mr. Deaver, former White House
Deputy Chief of Staff, who is also a close friend of President Reagan and his
wife, Nancy. In addition, the investigations subcommittee of the House Energy
and Commerce Committee voted 17 to 0 last August to ask Mr. Seymour to examine
allegations of perjury stemming from Mr. Deaver's testimony before the panel
last spring.

Others from the Reagan Administration who have testified before the grand jury
include Drew Lewis, former Transportation Secretary; James C. Miller 3d,
director of the Office of Management and Budget, and Fred F. Fielding, former
White House counsel. It has also been reported that Robert C. McFarlane, former
national security adviser, also has testified before the grand jury. Mr.
McFarlane could not be reached for comment.

In addition, executives of Rockwell International and Smith Barney Harris Upham
& Company, the brokerage house, also have testified. Randy Turk, Mr. Deaver's
attorney, said that he would have no comment on the grand jury proceedings.

The Times article described Mr. Walker as a pivotal figure in Mr. Deaver's
dealings in South Korea. Last July Mr. Walker told The Times that Mr. Deaver had
suggested to him that a Korean economic official meet President Reagan to
personally deliver a message from President Chun Doo Hwan of South Korea.

At that time, Mr. Walker said that the suggestion was made in a telephone call
from Mr. Walker to Mr. Deaver on Oct. 1, 1985, four months after he left the
White House to pursue a lobbying career. Conflict of interest laws bar a former
high Federal official from lobbying his former agency for one year after leaving
office.

Sequence of Events

On Oct. 1, also, the Korean Cultural Society, a Government-financed agency,
signed a $475,000 contract with Mr. Deaver's lobbying firm. The White House
meeting between the Presidents occurred Oct. 2. Three weeks later, on Oct. 24,
Mr. Deaver signed a $250,000 lobbying contract with Daewoo, a huge South Korean
industrial company. The Korean Cultural Society declined to renew the one-year
contract when it expired last Sept. 30.

In an interview in Seoul last June, Mr. Walker initially said he had had no role
in setting up the White House meeting, and was unaware of any role played by Mr.
Deaver. ''We don't arrange meetings with Ronald Reagan,'' the Ambassador said.

But two weeks later Mr. Walker called The Times in Washington to say, ''My
memory was incorrect.'' He said that Mr. Deaver had suggested the meeting to
him, and the Ambassador suggested the meeting to the White House.

In the telephone call from Korea, Mr. Walker said that the Korean economic
official, Kim Kihwan, was ''an old friend, someone I have known for 25 years.''
Mr. Walker said that he had called Mr. Deaver in Washington because ''he was the
man who had been arranging appointments for Mr. Reagan over the years.''

In the Seoul interview, Mr. Walker, who became Ambassador in 1981, also said
that Mr. Deaver had informed him last January that he would be exempt from a new
White House rule limiting the terms of political appointees to three years.

According to Mr. Walker, the issue of his continued service was brought up by
Mr. Deaver at drinks with the Ambassador and his wife in Seoul. Mr. Walker said
he had been told by Mr. Deaver that the President had decided to retain him as
Ambassador. A senior White House official said Mr. Walker had not been
officially told he was being retained, but he had heard about it through the
grapevine.

Mr. Walker added that he had routinely helped Mr. Deaver obtain interviews with
South Korean officials, and that the embassy considered it a major part of its
job to help American businessmen whenever possible.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              578 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                         September 13, 2000, Wednesday

TRUMP VOWS SUIT IF GOV SEEKS CASINO LOBBYING SANCTIONS

BYLINE: By JOE MAHONEY DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 136 words

ALBANY - Aides to Donald Trump yesterday threatened a lawsuit if the Pataki
administration attempts to sanction the casino mogul for violating state
lobbying rules.

Trump's lawyers raised the possibility of court action after settlement talks
with the the state Lobbying Commission collapsed.

State officials have been investigating The Donald for failing to disclose his
role in an advertising campaign opposing plans for an Indian casino in the
Catskills.

"We believe we've been targeted because we have pointed out how Gov. Pataki's
big contributors and cronies will benefit from a Catskills casino," a Trump
adviser said.

Trump, who feared competition would hurt his Atlantic City casinos, concedes
paying for the ads.

A spokesman for Pataki fired back, saying the charge was "beyond ridiculous."


LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                              579 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 13, 2005, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Ex-FEMA chief's client won contract

BYLINE: Kevin McCoy

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 986 words

A firm headed by former Federal Emergency Management Agency director James Lee
Witt helped a Georgia company win federal contracts worth up to $85 million in
work related to Hurricane Katrina and other major 2005 storms, interviews and
government records show.

James Lee Witt Associates received $40,000 in lobbying fees this year for
representing Atlanta-based AmeriCold Logistics, one of the nation's largest
cold-storage companies, federal records show.

As part of the lobbying effort, Witt's firm arranged a meeting between FEMA
officials and AmeriCold last spring, before the start of the hurricane season,
Witt spokesman Barry Scanlon said. Nicol Andrews, a FEMA spokeswoman, said she
could neither confirm nor deny that account.


Weeks afterward, AmeriCold won federal awards that later were modified into a
larger contract for ice-storage and transportation for Hurricane Katrina and
other storms, Andrews said. AmeriCold has been paid as much as $35 million so
far under the contract, which has an $85 million cap, she said.

Witt headed FEMA during the Clinton administration. His representation of
AmeriCold did not violate the one-year ban on former federal officials lobbying
the agency they worked at. Since Hurricane Katrina, Witt also has been hired as
a disaster consultant for the state of Louisiana and other clients.

Opening doors

Keith Ashdown, of Taxpayers for Common Sense, a non-partisan budget watchdog,
said Witt's ability to bring FEMA and a corporate client together shows "his
rise to the top in the world of disaster lobbying."

"If you want to get in the door, you've got to see the gatekeeper, and the
gatekeeper is James Lee Witt," Ashdown said.

Questioning that view, Scanlon said most of Witt Associates' revenue comes from
disaster-management work, and less than 5% comes from lobbying.

Instead, he said, the FEMA-AmeriCold meeting represented the fortuitous filling
of a pressing federal government need with the resources of a strategically
positioned private-sector company.

In postmortems after the four hurricanes that socked Florida last year, Scanlon
said, federal officials reviewed the government's record of supplying and
storing ice for homeowners, business operators and others devastated by those
storms.

Although Andrews said this week that the 2004 distribution had worked well,
Scanlon said, "FEMA people came to us and said the ice problem in Florida was a
mess, and we've got to find a better way to do it."

Coincidentally, Scanlon said, other Witt Associates executives met with
representatives of Yucaipa Cos., a California private investment firm founded
and run by Ronald Burkle, a top Democratic Party fundraiser and friend of former
president Bill Clinton, who has worked as a Yucaipa adviser.

Scanlon said the discussions focused on AmeriCold, a company in which Yucaipa
bought a 20% ownership stake last year. Operating a cold-storage network that
stretches across the country, including warehouses in Alabama, Mississippi and
Florida, the Georgia company was ideal to provide ice distribution and logistics
services to FEMA, Scanlon said.

A registration filed May 12 with the secretary of the Senate shows AmeriCold
hired Witt Associates as a lobbyist for "all matters pertaining to provision of
water and ice in connection with disaster response." A subsequent report shows
that Witt's firm specifically lobbied FEMA officials on AmeriCold's behalf.

As part of that effort, Witt Associates brought FEMA and AmeriCold
representatives together for a meeting in Atlanta last April or May, Scanlon
said. Witt's company and AmeriCold ended their relationship shortly afterward,
he said. The termination report was received by the Senate Aug. 3.

Andrews said AmeriCold got a $750,000 General Services Administration award for
ice storage and transportation shortly before Hurricane Dennis struck the
Florida Panhandle in early July. FEMA, which had requested the services,
modified the AmeriCold award on Sept. 3 into a larger contract of up to $85
million, she said. The new agreement called for AmeriCold to store ice and
transport and store other disaster supplies for the balance of the 2005
hurricane season, Andrews said.

"Certainly, it looks like it (the Atlanta meeting) must have been helpful,"
Scanlon said.

However, he also said Witt Associates was not privy to specifics of the
government's contracts with AmeriCold.

"FEMA staff brought to us a need," Scanlon said. "We ended up helping them find
someone they might want to utilize. It's up to them whether they want to use
that company."

Challenging FEMA

FEMA's ice-supply efforts after Hurricane Katrina became a subject of public
questions after truckers who were paid $800 a day hauled ice from state to state
without unloading, then delivered their cargoes to AmeriCold and other storage
facilities as far away from the Gulf Coast as Maine.

In part, the delivery difficulties resulted from the sweeping dispersal of Gulf
Coast residents after Katrina struck. Although AmeriCold's contract included
transportation work, the company was not directly responsible for trucking ice,
Andrews said.

In a Sept. 20 letter to FEMA and the Army Corps of Engineers, Sen. Susan
Collins, R-Maine, chairwoman of the Committee on Homeland Security, sought
details about the costly, circuitous trips. The letter questioned "whether the
federal government is using relief resources efficiently in order to provide
maximum benefits possible to the victims of Hurricane Katrina."

Amy Swanstrom, a spokeswoman for Collins, said agency officials had not yet
replied.

Ashdown, criticizing FEMA's handling of ice distribution after Hurricane
Katrina, said AmeriCold "was part of the team" FEMA assembled for the work. "The
contractors that we had weren't able to get the job done," he said.






LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, 2000 file photo by Karen Tam, AP; PHOTO, B/W, Dean Jacobs,
The Fremont Tribune, via AP

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              580 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 10, 1992, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Clinton ethics rules try to limit lobbying

BYLINE: Richard Benedetto

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 244 words


The revolving door between the federal government and lobbying on Capitol Hill
will spin a little slower next year.

President-elect Clinton rolled out a series of rules Wednesday that will
restrict people taking top jobs in his administration from cashing in as
lobbyists once they leave.

Clinton is expected to make the first appointments to his economic team today.

About 1,100 high-level appointees face:

- Five-year bans on most lobbying.

- Lifetime bans on lobbying for foreign companies, political parties or
governments.

Current policy requires only one-year bans on lobbying the government agency for
which an official worked.

''In recent years, too many high officials began to sell their access and
influence almost the day after they left office,'' said Clinton transition
director Warren Christopher.

Under Clinton's new rules, nearly 2,000 appointees aren't affected. Still,
critics say tougher lobbying restrictions will make it difficult to attract
qualified people to the top jobs.

Clinton pledged during the campaign to halt the revolving door and reform
campaign financing to break the legislative gridlock that grips Washington.

But the issue came to life when Ross Perot used his down-home approach to skewer
the coziness between lobbyists and government officials.

''My hat's off to Ross Perot,'' says Rep. Marcy Kaptur, D-Ohio, who is pressing
for legislation to further tighten lobbying laws for federal workers.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              581 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

Hawaii: LOBBYISTS NOW REQUIRED TO REGISTER WITH THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY CLERK,
COUNCIL SERVICES DIVISION

LENGTH: 324  words

DATELINE: New York



 Honolulu: County Of Kaua'i, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:



  L[#x12a]HU'E, HAWAI'I: The Office of the County Clerk, Council Services
Division is now accepting Lobbyist Registration Statements. Pursuant to
Ordinance No. 999, which was passed in January 2016, lobbyists are now required
to register with the County of Kaua'i, disclose the amount of money used by
lobbyists to influence government decision making, and identify themselves as
lobbyists prior to testifying before the County Council or County agencies.



 According to the Ordinance, a lobbyist is defined as any individual who for pay
or other consideration engages in lobbying on behalf of another person in excess
of five (5) hours in any month of any reporting period or spends more than $750
lobbying during any reporting period.

 Lobbyists are required to disclose who they are lobbying for at the time they
engage in lobbying a Kaua'i County legislative or administrative officer and
file a Lobbyist Registration Statement with the Office of the County Clerk no
later than five days after engaging in lobbying.

 In addition, all lobbyists, those who spend $750 for paid media to influence
government and each person who employees or contracts for the services of one or
more registered lobbyists must file a Contributions and Expenditures Statement
with the Office of the County Clerk on or before January 31st of each year.

 -more-

 Lobbyist Registration Statement and Contributions and Expenditure Statement
forms can be downloaded at www.kauai.gov/council/lobbyistregistration or filled
out at the Office of the County Clerk, Council Services Division, 4396 Rice
Street, Suite 209, L[#x12b]hu'e, Hawai'i, 96766. Additional information
regarding the lobbyist law, such as those who are exempt and potential penalties
is also provided on the website.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

Hawaii: LOBBYISTS NOW REQUIRED TO REGISTER WITH THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY CLERK,
COUNCIL SERVICES DIVISION

LENGTH: 324  words

DATELINE: New York



 Honolulu: County Of Kaua'i, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:



  L[#x12a]HU'E, HAWAI'I: The Office of the County Clerk, Council Services
Division is now accepting Lobbyist Registration Statements. Pursuant to
Ordinance No. 999, which was passed in January 2016, lobbyists are now required
to register with the County of Kaua'i, disclose the amount of money used by
lobbyists to influence government decision making, and identify themselves as
lobbyists prior to testifying before the County Council or County agencies.



 According to the Ordinance, a lobbyist is defined as any individual who for pay
or other consideration engages in lobbying on behalf of another person in excess
of five (5) hours in any month of any reporting period or spends more than $750
lobbying during any reporting period.

 Lobbyists are required to disclose who they are lobbying for at the time they
engage in lobbying a Kaua'i County legislative or administrative officer and
file a Lobbyist Registration Statement with the Office of the County Clerk no
later than five days after engaging in lobbying.

 In addition, all lobbyists, those who spend $750 for paid media to influence
government and each person who employees or contracts for the services of one or
more registered lobbyists must file a Contributions and Expenditures Statement
with the Office of the County Clerk on or before January 31st of each year.

 -more-

 Lobbyist Registration Statement and Contributions and Expenditure Statement
forms can be downloaded at www.kauai.gov/council/lobbyistregistration or filled
out at the Office of the County Clerk, Council Services Division, 4396 Rice
Street, Suite 209, L[#x12b]hu'e, Hawai'i, 96766. Additional information
regarding the lobbyist law, such as those who are exempt and potential penalties
is also provided on the website.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             June 14, 2005 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

ALBANY WAR ON SECRET DEALERS

BYLINE: BY JOE MAHONEY and GREG B. SMITH DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 303 words


SECRET LOBBYING for big-bucks state contracts may soon be history in Albany.

That was the word from supporters of a bill that would kick open the back-room
doors on lobbying for billions of dollars in state contracts by former top aides
to Albany's powerbrokers.

Vigorous negotiations on the details of a reform bill were underway yesterday as
lawmakers prepared to end their legislative session next week.

"People are optimistic that a deal will get done and New York will have a
lobbying law where stealth lobbying will be subject to public scrutiny," said
Blair Horner of the New York Public Interest Research Group.

Gov. Pataki, who has proposed a ban on contract lobbying, said he was
"optimistic" reforms would be enacted.

"If [it's] not the [top priority], it's certainly one of my top priorities," he
said yesterday.

New York requires lobbyists to report activity relating to legislation. But it
does not require them to disclose their efforts to win contracts for clients.

Ex-aides to Pataki, Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver and Senate Majority Leader
Joseph Bruno have built lucrative careers lobbying for billions in no-bid state
contracts, the Daily News disclosed Sunday.

In one agency alone, lobbyists shmoozed for $1.3 billion in contracts in the
last two years, a News computer analysis found.

The Assembly has already passed a lobby reform bill, and a similar version is
expected to clear the Senate.

Once passed, it must be signed by Pataki, who has said he supports some versions
of lobby reform, but has insisted on boosting his clout on the Lobbying
Commission.

"What I sense is growing momentum between the Senate and Assembly," said
Assemblyman Richard Brodsky (D-Westchester).

"The great question here is whether the governor is ready to allow reasonable
regulation of his friends."

jmahoney@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gov. Pataki

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                              584 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                          December 23, 2015 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

LOBBYING LIMIT MODEST, NECESSARY;
OUR VIEW: WISCONSIN SHOULD SLOW THE REVOLVING DOOR THAT LETS POLITICIANS CASH IN
ON PUBLIC SERVICE

BYLINE:  State Journal editorial board

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 520 words


You don't see this every day in Wisconsin: Bipartisan support for a
good-government bill.

Nearly 30 state lawmakers - from liberal Rep. Terese Berceau, D-Madison, to
conservative Rep. Ed Brooks, R-Reedsburg - are pushing a modest yet important
limit on politicians becoming professional persuaders for hire.

The Legislature next year should approve Assembly Bill 572, which would forbid
state lawmakers from becoming lobbyists for a year after they leave the
Legislature.

Most states already require a waiting period for at least a year to protect
against the selling of state legislation, votes and favors in exchange for a
lucrative job after leaving office. Even Congress forbids its former members
from lobbying for two years.

We don't fault former politicians for trying to make a buck in the private
sector. But a quick transition from public servant to hired gun threatens the
integrity of state government.

Among the small number of states that don't require at least a year of
separation before lobbying is Illinois, which is notorious for government
corruption.

AB 572 and its companion Senate Bill 423 enjoyed public hearings last week at
the state Capitol. Sen. Duey Stroebel, R-Saukville, and Dana Wachs, D-Eau
Claire, are lead sponsors.

Stroebel watched his one-time campaign opponent and former Sen. Joe Leibham,
R-Sheboygan, take all of two days to land a lucrative lobbying job after
resigning as a top lawmaker and member of the Legislature's budget committee
late last year.

At best, such a quick transition is unseemly. At worst, it lets powerful
interests dangle high-income jobs in front of lawmakers who still control
legislation affecting those very same special interests.

This isn't theoretical. Former Washington, D.C., lobbyist Jack Abramoff was sent
to prison a decade ago for conspiracy, fraud and tax evasion. According to
Abramoff, the best way to "own" politicians was to let them know a high-paying
job was waiting for them with the lobbying firm once they decided to leave
office.

A tally earlier this year by Steve Walters of WisconsinEye found about 20 former
lawmakers - Republicans and Democrats - lobbying the Legislature. This included
three former Assembly speakers, a former Assembly majority leader, two former
Senate majority leaders, and a Senate president. (Former Assembly Majority
Leader Steve Foti even lobbied while on work release from jail following a
Capitol corruption scandal.)

A delay of at least a year - two years would be better - would diminish a public
official's immediate influence, power and knowledge. Slowing the revolving door
from the Legislature to lobbying also would start to restore some trust
following a string of bad-government bills.

Gov. Scott Walker just signed Republican legislation to dismantle the
nonpartisan GAB and allow anonymous donors to flood Wisconsin election campaigns
with dark money. That followed a witless attempt to gut Wisconsin's open
government law, as well as an attempt to hide text messages involving bad loans
that wasted state tax dollars.

AB 572 should be the start of much better decisions encouraging clean state
government.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            September 7, 2014 Sunday
                              SUN PERSPECT Edition

YES: Eliminate the barriers to local decisions

BYLINE: Timothy E. Wirth and Ken Fellman

SECTION: PERSPECT; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 683 words


Competitive high speed broadband networks are critical to the future of
Colorado's communities. Access to fast, affordable and reliable Internet service
is required for job growth, enhanced educational opportunities, and improved
health care.

Indeed, broadband access should be considered an essential service just like
water, sewer and electricity. Communities without access, or those relying on
first generation networks will find themselves on the wrong side of the digital
divide.

The Federal Communications Commission has challenged us to create "gigabit
communities." Only a handful exists today. In places like Chattanooga, Tenn.,
and Lafayette, La, city owned fiber networks provide high speed, cost effective
connectivity, and have resulted in private companies upgrading their networks
and lowering prices due to the competition. This has led to significant job
growth and investment. Why don't we see these activities in Colorado?

Incumbent service providers that do not want competition are blocking access to
competitive, high speed broadband. These are usually the largest
telecommunications companies that want to expand their monopoly or duopoly
positions at the expense of consumers. This monopoly like behavior takes many
forms: lobbying at local town meetings; millions of dollars spent lobbying at
the national decision making level; and more lobbying dollars spent to convince
legislatures to pass laws either prohibiting or creating barriers for local
governments from building broadband networks.

Colorado's state law, Senate Bill 152, was passed in 2005, and generally
prohibits local governments from providing broadband without a local vote. When
Longmont tried to re establish its local authority through a vote in 2009, the
industry spent $240,000 to defeat it. In 2011, despite another $400,000 spent by
the industry, Longmont prevailed. Now Longmont is poised to become a gigabit
city.

We don't suggest all cities should provide broadband services. Communities can
leverage excess capacity on internal government networks to incentivize the
private sector to provide new and better broadband. Cortez, which was not
affected by SB 152 because it had a pre existing network, has been collaborating
with the private sector for years. Montrose tried to get its incumbent providers
to upgrade broadband networks, to no avail. After passing an election to re
establish local authority to build broadband networks, the telecom companies are
now interested in upgrading their networks in Montrose. Imagine that! And
imagine how interested they'd be in upgrading networks throughout Colorado if
they knew that the failure to do so might result in local government stepping in
to make 21st century services available.

Municipal broadband networks are not perfect. There have been local failures,
just as there have been private telecom ventures that have gone bust. Yet
opponents of municipal broadband often cite examples from the mid 2000s or
earlier, and do not acknowledge the hundreds of communities around the United
States that successfully provide broadband today either directly or through
public private partnerships.

Colorado's statute causes delay in local decision making and increases costs.
It's one of the reasons Google chose to bypass Colorado and invest millions in
new broadband networks in neighboring states. Localities took the lead a century
ago to ensure that Colorado communities would not be without reliable,
affordable electricity. In the 21st century, broadband is an essential service.
Our schools, businesses, health care facilities and service institutions deserve
nothing less than the highest quality of service, at affordable rates. Our
legislature should not continue to hamstring our local officials in order to
protect incumbent service providers from competition. SB 152 should be repealed,
and unrestricted authority to make broadband decisions should be returned to the
local level.

Timothy E. Wirth served Colorado in the U.S. Senate and House of
Representatives. Ken Fellman is a former Arvada mayor and is currently Littleton
city attorney.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 16, 2014 Sunday

State officials lobbying for more tourism funds

BYLINE: Lindsey Shelton, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 710 words


Feb. 16--NATCHEZ -- With less money than any state in the South to promote
tourism, officials say Mississippi and cities such as Natchez are getting lost
in the crowd.

Mississippi Tourism Association President Lyn Fortenbery of Natchez said the
tourism industry is hopeful that will change this year.

MTA has been lobbying for support of a $15 million appropriation for the
Mississippi Development Authority's Tourism Division.

The appropriation would increase the state's current tourism budget of a little
more than $6 million by nearly $9 million, said Malcolm White, director of MDA's
Tourism Division.

Part of the money would allow the state to bring back its community match-grant
funding program, Fortenbery said.

The program would allow cities to receive matching funds for a marketing
campaign.

For example, if a city wanted to run a television campaign and had a budget of
$25,000, the city could apply to the program to receive up to $25,000 in
matching funds to use for the campaign.

Bringing that program back could tremendously help Natchez's marketing efforts,
Natchez Tourism Director Connie Taunton said.

"We have $400,000 to spend on marketing," Taunton said. "That's not a drop in
the bucket. With the matching-grant program, we could convert that to $800,000."

With that kind of money, Taunton said Natchez could run more television
advertising campaigns, as well as increase its online presence.

More funding would also mean more promotion for Natchez as a destination wedding
location.

"We're kicking off that program because that's a big market for Natchez, and
we're having to be really selective on where we advertise because of budget
limitations," Taunton said.

Approximately half of the state's tourism budget is spent on buying advertising
to promote the state as a whole to tourists.

The increase would bring Mississippi more in line with the money its main
competition -- Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana and Tennessee -- is spending to
promote their state to tourists.

"With the state of Mississippi's advertising budget, we're being outspent 2-to-1
and a lot of times 3-to-1," said Neal McCoy, chair of MTA's legislative
committee and director of the Tupelo Convention and Visitors Bureau.

Arkansas' tourism budget is approximately $12 million, but includes funding for
the state's park system as well.

Alabama's tourism budget is $18.3 million and is in a unique position because
the Raycom Media is owned by the Retirement Systems of Alabama, the
administrator of the pension fund for employees of the state of Alabama. The
state receives approximately $15 million of in-kind advertising from Raycom,
McCoy said.

Louisiana's tourism budget is $22 million. Arkansas' budget is a little more
than $12 million, but also includes the state's park system.

Tennessee's budget is $28.6 million, and Gov. Bill Haslam has requested an
additional $6 million to increase tourism funding for Tennessee in the next
fiscal year.

The request for an increase in Mississippi's tourism appropriation this year
comes after a bill to create a performance-based budget model for tourism was
rejected last year and tourism officials were asked to come back with another
proposal this year.

The bill would have, among other things, implemented a pilot program in which
the growth in sales tax generated by identified tourism activities would be
placed in a special tourism and marketing fund. That move would position
Mississippi's tourism marketing to be a bit more self-funded and not depend upon
legislative appropriations each year.

States such as Florida -- which has a $65 million tourism budget -- Ohio and
Missouri have self-funded tourism budget models.

Moving tourism funding out from under legislatures to self-funded models is a
trend in state government, said tourism consultant Berkeley Young of Young
Strategies, a company that recently completed a tourism study of Natchez.

California takes a percentage of the tax on every car rented in the state and
dedicates it tourism spending.

"So they are guaranteed $50 million in funding, and the legislature doesn't vote
on it," Young said.

Pages: 1 2 Next page

___ (c)2014 The Natchez Democrat (Natchez, Miss.) Visit The Natchez Democrat
(Natchez, Miss.) at www.natchezdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140216-YY-State-officials-lobbying
-for-more-tourism-funds-0216-20140216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                      Copyright 2014 The Natchez Democrat


                              587 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 19, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

CRITICS ASSAIL LOBBYING BILL AS TOO SWEEPING

BYLINE: By MARTIN TOLCHIN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 21, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 671 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 18


Critics of proposed new restrictions on lobbying by former Federal officials
told the Senate Judiciary Committee today that such legislation would be
unconstitutional and unnecessary and would create an exodus of Government
employees.

The proposal, offered by Senator Strom Thurmond, the committee chairman, is a
scaled-down version of his original bill. The Senator, a Republican from South
Carolina, worked out the new version in negotiations with Howard M. Metzenbaum
of Ohio and Paul Simon of Illinois, both Democrats.

But Senator Charles McC. Mathias Jr., a Maryland Republican, said today that he
''violently'' opposed the bill, and Senator Joseph R. Biden of Delaware, the
ranking Democrat on the panel , said, ''This legislation, as drafted, I would
not vote for.'' But he added that he would support a less sweeping bill ''to
raise the standards of government ethics.''

The committee plans to draft the bill tomorrow.

Restrictions in the Measure

The proposed legislation would prevent former top Government officials from
representing, advising or assisting a foreign client, ''directly or
indirectly,'' for 10 years. It would bar former members of Congress from doing
so for five years. The bill would also restrict middle-level Federal employees
from lobbying their former agencies or departments for one year, and
higher-level employees and members of Congress from lobbying any branch of
government for a year.

Critics argued that such restrictions would discourage talented people from
entering Government because many of those people expect to leave some day to
work for private industry, including foreign clients. Lloyd Cutler, a lawyer who
served in President Carter's White House, told the committee that if the law was
enacted ''I would not take a Government position, and I would advise a young
lawyer not to start his career by taking a Government position.''

The American Civil Liberties Union issued a statement warning, ''Although this
draft is a marked improvement from earlier versions, it does not in our view
meet constitutional standards'' related to First Amendment protections of
freedom of speech, and the right to petition the Government.

Norman Ornstein, a senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, an expert
on Congress, told the committee, ''If this bill isn't unconstitutional, it
should be.''

Officials Among Critics

The bill was also opposed as overly broad by officials from the Departments of
Justice, State and Defense.

Among the bill's supporters was Common Cause, a public interest lobbying group,
which called the legislation necessary to restore confidence in Government. And
Prof. John F. Banzhaf III of George Washington University's National Law Center,
a constitutional scholar, said, ''There is no serious First Amendment issue.''

Mr. Thurmond told the committee that the 10-year ban against former top
Government officials representing foreign clients ''would help end the problem
of foreign entities gaining knowledge and information, in any way, about such
things as our nation's international trade stratregy or defense posture from
former officials whose knowledge of those issues could do harm to this country
if it is conveyed to others.''

The Senator added: ''When we face a serious problem such as the misuse of
influence and access, we have two alternatives: do nothing, or take steps to
resolve the problem. I believe we must take action to prevent irreparable damage
to our nation and to restore public confidence and integrity in our system of
government.''

While Morton H. Halperin, director of the Washington office of the A.C.L.U.,
conceded that the Government had the right to protect itself ''from the kinds of
abuses that this statute aims to deal with,'' he contended that the bill was too
sweeping.

''It also fails to take account of the significant benefits to our society which
come from the lobbying activities of former officials and from their ability to
contribute significantly to public debate,'' he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              588 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                              May 2, 2006 Tuesday

Bottom line

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 359 words


* TELECOMMUNICATIONS. Fiber-to-the-Home Council has hired Kelley Drye & Warren
to lobby for a series of telecom bills. The nonprofit organization promotes and
educates about the benefits of connecting homes with fiber-optic lines.

* DEFENSE. Olson Engineering, a Colorado-based company that makes
instrumentation for use in harsh environments, has hired Stirling Strategic
Services, also based in Colorado, to lobby on defense appropriations, Senate
records show.

* SENIORS. Paul A. Miller, head of the American League of Lobbyists, is lobbying
for the trade group ProtectSeniors.Org, on the Emergency Retiree Health Benefits
Protection Act. In addition to Miller, Dave Wenhold and Laura Dennis also are
registered to lobby for the group.

* HEALTHCARE. Bracewell & Giuliani is lobbying on behalf of Bionicare Medical
Technologies. Former Rep. Jim Chapman (D-Texas) is among the lobbyists working
on behalf of the medical-device research and development company. Lisa Jaeger, a
former acting general counsel at the Environmental Protection Agency who is now
at Bracewell, is also lobbying for Bionicare. The firm is lobbying on Medicare
reimbursement issues, according to the registration.

Alston & Bird is lobbying for Health Management Associates, according to Senate
records. Thomas Scully, a former administrator for the Centers for Medicaid and
Medicare Services, and Jennifer Bell, a former health-policy adviser to the
Senate Finance Committee, are lobbying for the hospital company.

* JOB TRAINING. KRA Corp., a job-training and career-development company, has
hired Chamworks to lobby on its behalf. The government-relations firm is based
in Havertown, Pa. Anthony Cunningham, a former aide to Sen. Arlen Specter
(R-Pa.), is lobbying for KRA, according to Senate lobbying disclosure records.

* FINANCIAL SERVICES. Investment-banking giant JP Morgan Chase has hired
American Continental Group to lobby on banking issues. Shawn Smeallie, who was a
lobbyist for the first Bush administration; Peter Terpeluk, a former ambassador
to Luxembourg; and Carlyle Thorsen, a former general counsel to Rep. Tom DeLay
(R-Texas), are lobbying on behalf of the company.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           August 31, 2005 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

A 'Revolving-Door' Charge Is Called a First in Hartford

BYLINE: By WILLIAM YARDLEY

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: HARTFORD, Aug. 30


Lawyers for former Gov. John G. Rowland said on Tuesday that the state's
expected pursuit of charges that he violated lobbying laws was unprecedented and
would prove futile.

On Monday, a lawyer for Mr. Rowland, R. Bartley Halloran, said he expected the
state to charge Mr. Rowland with a crime, possibly a felony, for lobbying the
state on behalf of a state contractor, the Klewin Building Company, of Norwich,
shortly after he left office.

Mr. Rowland, a Republican elected to three terms, started the work on July 8,
2004, a week after he resigned amid an impeachment inquiry and a criminal
investigation.

But it was unclear Tuesday whether a judge had signed an arrest warrant
necessary to set a prosecution in motion. The chief state's attorney,
Christopher L. Morano, declined to comment. A spokesman at the Loretto Federal
Correctional Institution in Pennsylvania, where Mr. Rowland is serving a
sentence of a year and a day on a corruption charge, said she was not aware of a
transfer order to return him for prosecution.

Connecticut's so-called revolving-door law bars former state officials from
lobbying their former agencies for a year after leaving government service.
State ethics lawyers have said it is unclear whether the restriction prevents a
former governor from lobbying the executive branch.

Mr. Halloran, who has worked on ethics cases in the past, said that no one in
Connecticut had ever been criminally prosecuted for violating the law, passed in
1983. ''I'm sure of it. There's not been one criminal charge ever on an ethics
case, revolving-door ethical violation, anything,'' he said. Mr. Halloran and
another lawyer for Mr. Rowland, John F. Droney Jr., say that if Mr. Rowland is
charged, he will be acquitted.

The interim managing director of the Office of State Ethics, Kathleen Vella,
said she also was not aware of a criminal case ever being brought.
Revolving-door cases typically lead to fines, she said, though her office can
refer cases for criminal prosecution.

Last year, one month after he began to work for Klewin, Mr. Rowland asked the
state ethics agency to outline the general work restrictions he faced. A lawyer
for the panel responded by saying there was some uncertainty over what Mr.
Rowland could do and offered to draft a formal advisory opinion.

But Mr. Rowland later decided against requesting that opinion. He also did not
ask specifically about his work with Klewin, which included seeking settlement
of a $2 million billing dispute with the University of Connecticut.

Even if Mr. Rowland's case is a first, some critics said on Tuesday that his
behavior warrants prosecution. Representative Michael P. Lawlor, a Democrat who
is House chairman of the Judiciary Committee, said Mr. Rowland violated ethics
laws repeatedly and knowingly, key factors in determining whether ethics
violations should be criminally prosecuted.

Mr. Lawlor noted that Mr. Rowland was the first governor to pay ethics fines
while in office, for accepting free concert tickets and other gifts, and that he
continued to work for Klewin after he pleaded guilty to a corruption charge in
December. He noted, too, that it was Mr. Rowland who last year signed a bill
making ethics violations potential felony crimes. ''If there's anyone who ever
got into the category of what is called a persistent offender, it's Rowland,''
he said.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: John G. Rowland may face charges for work he did soon after
resigning as governor. (Photo by Bob Falcetti/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              590 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Arizona Capitol Times

                             January 3, 2011 Monday

Upstart Brownstein hires three from Fennemore Craig for Phoenix office

BYLINE: Jeremy Duda

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 552  words


Denver-based law and lobbying firm Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck has lured
away three of Fennemore Craig's top people, marking its second talent-grab since
announcing the opening of a new office in Phoenix last month.

Attorney Janna Day will head up Brownstein's Phoenix office as its managing
partner. Michael Preston Green will join a government affairs team that already
includes former Pinnacle West lobbyist Marty Shultz. Attorney Mark Bolton will
join Brownstein as well, giving the firm a small but prestigious core staff as
it expands into Arizona. All three will begin working for the firm today.

Day said Brownstein, a top-five firm in Washington, D.C. in terms of earnings,
impressed her with its inside-the-beltway stature, its Western-oriented practice
and its ability to help clients navigate legal and lobbying matters at both the
state and federal levels. Brownstein has six other offices in California,
Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico and Washington, D.C.

"I'm obviously excited about the new leadership opportunities there," said Day,
who spent the past 15 years at Fennemore Craig. "We're obviously a small shop
starting out, but ... they definitely intend to grow fairly quickly over the
next two to three years. "

Day specializes in of energy, taxation, health care, public record access,
mining and business issues. She is also a seasoned elections attorney, whom
Fennemore Craig touted as "one of the state's foremost experts" in campaign
finance and lobbying regulations.

For Green, the move to Brownstein marks the end of his 43-year career at
Fennemore Craig. He said he wasn't looking to leave the firm, but the
opportunity to join a company as renowned and far-reaching as Brownstein was too
tempting.

"Obviously over the years many firms have tried to entice me away," Green said.
"With a little bit of national impact, they bring so much more to the table. So
the opportunity to combine the state and national lobbying was a very exciting
prospect. "

Brownstein will initially focus its Phoenix office on natural resources and
utilities, two of its core areas, Day said. The firm announced last month that
it had hired Shultz and attorneys Jeff Crockett and Carlos Ronstadt, all of whom
specialize in water and energy issues. Crockett and Ronstadt were hired away
from Snell & Wilmer.

Day said Brownstein will expand into other areas as it finds ideal personnel to
fill its ranks, meaning other top firms in Arizona may need to start looking
over their shoulders. Bruce James, the firm's managing partner and CEO, said
Brownstein would announce six high-profile hires in January.

"The beauty here in this situation is we can sort of cherry pick and build up
from the ground up with the people that we want," Day said. "They're excited
about the prospect of being able to continue to recruit the people that are
top-notch in their areas. "

Brownstein broke the news of its expansion into Arizona in December when it
announced that Shultz, who retired that month as vice president of government
relations at Pinnacle West, would join the Phoenix office. James said Brownstein
is aiming to become one of the top law and lobbying firms in the state within a
few years of its arrival.

"Marty was actually my idea," Day said. "We thought that would be a good way to
help spread the word about the firm. "

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Personnel or management changes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 14, 1996, Thursday, Final Edition

Republicans Back Bill To Fine Workers for 'Improper' Lobbying

Stephen Barr, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A25; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 478 words


Congressional Republicans, renewing complaints that too many government agencies
are thwarting GOP legislative efforts, said yesterday they would seek fines from
executive branch employees who engage in "improper lobbying activities."

The proposed "Federal Agency Anti-Lobbying Act" would apply to nearly 2 million
career civil servants and about 2,600 political appointees, but would exempt the
president, vice president and top Cabinet department and agency appointees who
undergo Senate confirmation.

The proposal comes at a time when House Republicans have been heavily criticized
by Democrats, advocacy and nonprofit groups for supporting deep budget cuts in
environmental, job training and education programs. Congress also took much of
the blame for the two recent government shutdowns that disrupted programs and
closed national parks.

But the sponsors of the new anti-lobbying bill said the proposed measure is
nonpartisan and noted previous administrations, including the Ronald Reagan
White House, had tried to use federal agencies to influence legislation before
Congress.

The sponsors said the bill would provide an alternative to a 1919 criminal law
that bans such lobbying but suffers from conflicting interpretations. "There has
been no enforcement at all by the Department of Justice," said Senate
Governmental Affairs Committee Chairman Ted Stevens (R-Alaska).

According to the proposed bill, "no funds made available to any federal agency
by appropriation shall be used by such agency for any activity (including the
preparation, publication, distribution, or use of any kit, pamphlet, booklet,
public presentation, news release, radio, television, or film presentation,
video, or other written or oral statement) that is intended to promote public
support or opposition to any legislative proposal."

The General Accounting Office would investigate alleged violations, and federal
agencies would be required to reimburse the Treasury for any taxpayer dollars
improperly used.

House Government Reform and Oversight Committee Chairman William F. Clinger Jr.
(R-Pa.) said some agencies produce "propaganda" or "political material" that
"then recycles" into "grass-roots lobbying" efforts by special interest groups.

"It is time to put a stop to that," Clinger said, adding, "Taxpayer dollars
should not be used for lobbying by government bureaucrats."

As an example, Clinger pointed to the use of employee check stubs by Veterans
Affairs Secretary Jesse Brown to send messages that Clinger said urged
opposition to House budget cuts.

Brown spokesman Jim Holley said the VA secretary does not engage in lobbying and
that his messages to employees were cleared by department lawyers. "He would be
shirking his duties if he did not inform VA employees and veterans of matters
that affect their livelihoods," Holley said.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              592 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                              July 8, 2013 Monday

Central Basin Municipal Water District committee says start over on state
lobbying contracts

BYLINE: By Mike Sprague, SGVN twitter.com/WhitReporter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 368 words


COMMERCE - A Central Basin Municipal Water District's board committee voted
Wednesday not to hire two state lobbying firms at a cost of $316,800 -- as was
approved about six weeks ago by the full board -- but will instead start the
hiring process over.

The Communications Committee of board President James Roybal and director Robert
Apodaca -- both of whom opposed the action six weeks ago -- directed General
Manager Antonio Miller to go back to the board and get direction on the scope of
lobbying services the district needs and seek new bids.

Miller said he brought the contracts with Political Solutions of Sacramento and
Los Angeles-based Tres Es Consulting, which is led by former state Sen. Richard
Polanco, to the committee Wednesday because Roybal as the board president had
asked for a review of them.

Roybal had complained the contracts had never gone before the committee, were
too costly and beyond the scope of the board's original decision on services
needed.

With Wednesday's vote, the issue will go back to the board, most likely at its
July 22 meeting.

Roybal and Apodaca told Miller to go to the board to get direction on the
lobbying services the district needs and to seek bids again.

The original plan was to hire a state lobbyist but after the bids came in,
Miller proposed using both firms as state lobbyists. However, Political
Solutions also would provide the same services at the federal level and Tres Es
on the local level.

"We felt we had put together the most qualified team of lobbyists for the
district," Miller said.

In addition, the two lobbying contracts are about $100,000 below what was spent
last year and about $300,000 less than what was spent in fiscal 2008-09, Miller
said.

Roybal didn't like the numbers, saying the district only spent $160,000 on state
lobbying a year ago.

"We're doubling the amount of money we're spending on state lobbyists," he said.

Roybal also objected to combining the three areas without going to bid on it.

"When you start out with language saying one thing and it changes, I think we're
liable for lawsuits," he said. "If we want more than one lobbyist, let's put the
contract out."

Apodaca said he believes the decision cost the district credibility.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                             July 3, 2013 Wednesday

Central Basin Municipal Water District committee says start over on state
lobbying contracts

BYLINE: By Mike Sprague, SGVN twitter.com/WhitReporter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 368 words


COMMERCE - A Central Basin Municipal Water District's board committee voted
Wednesday not to hire two state lobbying firms at a cost of $316,800 - as was
approved about six weeks ago by the full board -- but will instead start the
hiring process over.

The Communications Committee of board President James Roybal and director Robert
Apodaca -- both of whom opposed the action six weeks ago -- directed General
Manager Antonio Miller to go back to the board and get direction on the scope of
lobbying services the district needs and seek new bids.

Miller said he brought the contracts with Political Solutions of Sacramento and
Los Angeles-based Tres Es Consulting, which is led by former state Sen. Richard
Polanco, to the committee Wednesday because Roybal as the board president had
asked for a review of them.

Roybal had complained the contracts had never gone before the committee, were
too costly and beyond the scope of the board's original decision on services
needed.

With Wednesday's vote, the issue will go back to the board, most likely at its
July 22 meeting.

Roybal and Apodaca told Miller to go to the board to get direction on the
lobbying services the district needs and to seek bids again.

The original plan was to hire a state lobbyist but after the bids came in,
Miller proposed using both firms as state lobbyists. However, Political
Solutions also would provide the same services at the federal level and Tres Es
on the local level.

"We felt we had put together the most qualified team of lobbyists for the
district," Miller said.

In addition, the two lobbying contracts are about $100,000 below what was spent
last year and about $300,000 less than what was spent in fiscal 2008-09, Miller
said.

Roybal didn't like the numbers, saying the district only spent $160,000 on state
lobbying a year ago.

"We're doubling the amount of money we're spending on state lobbyists," he said.

Roybal also objected to combining the three areas without going to bid on it.

"When you start out with language saying one thing and it changes, I think we're
liable for lawsuits," he said. "If we want more than one lobbyist, let's put the
contract out."

Apodaca said he believes the decision cost the district credibility.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              594 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     November 25, 1999 Thursday 2D EDITION

Denver 3rd highest in lobbying costs

BYLINE: By Susan Greene, Denver Post Staff Writer,

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-05

LENGTH: 787 words


Denver ranks near the top nationwide when it comes to the  money it spends on
private lobbyists in Washington, D.C.,  according to a report by a government
watchdog group.

The Center for Responsive Politics says spent Denver $ 840,000  on private
lobbyists in 1998 - more than any other city, county  and state in the country.
The only bigger spenders were the  commonwealths of Puerto Rico and the Northern
Mariana Islands,  which aren't represented in Congress.

City officials say Denver's ranking is artificially high  because the study
didn't count the money other governments spend  on lobbyists who are public
employees. And they defend the  expenditures, saying they're needed to secure
the city's interests.

'It's a necessary evil,' said Andrew Hudson, spokesman for  Mayor Wellington
Webb. 'We have made Denver an incredibly  high-profile city     and this is part
of that process.'

But some critics say it's the responsibility of congressional  delegates to push
their hometown's agenda in the capital, and  question the practice of using
government money to lobby  government.

'I knew we tried to buy a lot of influence, but I didn't know  it was that bad,'
said Jon Caldara, president of the Independence  Institute, a free market
think-tank in Golden.

The Center for Responsive Politics, a nonpartisan group that  tracks campaign
contributions and lobbying efforts, drew from  federal disclosure reports to
come up with the $ 840,000 figure for  Denver. City officials say the actual
amount is less than that:  $ 720,000.

But even using the lower figure, Denver still ranks third on  the list, tied
with Los Angeles County. Los Angeles has 9.2  million residents compared to
Denver's 499,000.

Thirty-four states and a few large cities, such as New York  and Chicago, have
their own workers in Washington assigned to  lobby the federal government.
Hudson noted Denver would have  ranked lower on the spending list if those
lobbyists had been  counted as well.

In any case, Denver has stepped up its presence in D.C. this  year, so far
paying more than $ 1 million to five lobbying firms.  They are:

Denver-based Price Howlett Inc, which earned $ 294,000. The  firm's work
includes matters relating to the United States  Conference of Mayors, a group
Webb is president of this year.

Washington-based Greenberg Traurig Hoffman Lipoff Rosel &  Quental, which made $
254,424. The firm performed 'lobbying  services on the federal level regarding
international trade and  commerce,' according to city documents. Lobbyist Reta
Lewis serves  as a liaison between Webb and the White House, helping to arrange
  trade meetings and Webb's trips abroad.

Denver-based Friedlob Sanderson Raskin ($ 200,000); D.C.-based  Thelen Reid and
Priest LLP ($ 190,000); and Virginia-based Capital  Partnerships Inc. ($
150,000). All three firms handle matters  pertaining to public works projects
and Denver International  Airport.

City officials say their lobbyists track legislation, write  position papers,
provide access to members of Congress and compete  with other cities for federal
funding.

'Like a sports team, we have to remain competitive on the  field,' Hudson said.
'We need to have a competitive advantage to  try to attract federal dollars to
the city.'

The fruit of such work is hard to measure, Hudson added.  Still, he cited
federal funds for job training, child care,  neighborhood improvements,
transportation projects and even the  environmental clean-up at the former Lowry
Air Force Base.  Further, he said lobbyists were helpful in lifting a federal
regulation prohibiting Denver International Airport from competing  for federal
dollars for a sixth runway.

Sen. Wayne Allard's staff said it's their job and that of  other congressional
delegates to represent Denver in the Capitol.

'We spend a lot of time working on issues related to Denver.  That's what we're
here for,' said Allard's spokesman, Sean Conway.

He cited his office's recent efforts to help secure direct  flights from
London's Gatwick Airport, money for the sixth runway  at DIA and federal removal
of radioactive waste at the old  Shattuck plant in south Denver.

Rep. Diana DeGette's office refused comment on Denver's  lobbying efforts.

The Independence Institute's Caldara said the city's lobbying  bills prove 'what
has long been speculated - that Denver is one of  the more wasteful cities' and
that 'it has the reputation of being  an insider's town.'

'This is just more evidence that decisions are made more in the  backroom,
rather than in the open,' he said.


LOAD-DATE: November 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  The Denver Post Big money

TYPE: RANKING

                        Copyright 1999 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             August 12, 2013 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Many ex-governors lobby, consult;
They capitalize on unique experience, name recognition

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten, USA TODAY,

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 907 words


The revolving door also spins for governors.

Ten of the 32 governors who have left office since Jan. 1, 2011, now work for
trade associations or with consulting and lobbying firms that help clients
navigate state and federal government agencies, a USA TODAY review of their
post-government employment shows.

Former governors now in consulting or government-affairs roles range from
Minnesota's Tim Pawlenty, a Republican who runs the Financial Services
Roundtable in Washington, to Ted Strickland, an Ohio Democrat who formed a
consulting firm with former aides.

"Governors are seeing that it's lucrative to trade in on their public service,"
said Danielle Brian, executive director of the Project on Government Oversight.

"Governors also have a special opportunity to go through the revolving door,"
she said. "Having been the top executives in their states, they have fantastic
name recognition. They have the capacity to speak from the public-interest
sector, and it's not assumed they are doing it because of who's paying them."

Earlier this year, attention focused on the consulting work of former
Pennsylvania governor Ed Rendell after he wrote an op-ed in the New York Daily
News, urging New York state officials to move forward on hydraulic fracturing.
Rendell had not disclosed, however, that he also worked as a paid consultant to
a private equity firm with investments in  natural gas drilling -- an omission
first noted by ProPublica.

"Nothing I said in that op-ed piece was different from what I said as governor,"
said Rendell, who oversaw a fracking boom in Pennsylvania during his tenure.

"I refuse to do anything, no matter what the money is, that's contrary to what I
advocated in my public career," he told USA TODAY. "If I open the door for a
client, I only open the door if I believe the goods and services they are
selling are good for the city or state."

Rendell's post-gubernatorial jobs include working as a special counsel at
Ballard Spahr, his longtime law firm where he said he advises clients on
government, energy and infrastructure issues.

In interviews, several former governors said they have unique expertise about
the way government operates, but that doesn't mean they are wielding undue
influence on behalf of their clients. They also emphasized that they spend
considerable time engaged in non-profit work or helping other candidates for
elective office.

Less than two months after he left the governorship of New Mexico in 2011, Bill
Richardson took a job with the public-relations consulting firm APCO Worldwide.
Richardson, a former congressman who served as Energy secretary and U.S.
ambassador to the United Nations during the Clinton administration, is chairman
of the global political strategies division. A company news release says the
division helps businesses and non-governmental organizations apply the
"techniques of diplomacy" to their "political, regulatory, legal and economic
challenges."

"I don't do any lobbying," Richardson told USA TODAY. "I don't come close to the
Congress or the executive branch."

Richardson said the part-time job with APCO entails advising companies on their
"overseas activities" -- along with writing opinion pieces and speaking on the
company's behalf, including at upcoming conferences on energy security. "That's
not influence-peddling," he said.

Strickland, a Democrat defeated after one term by Republican John Kasich, said
he's not interested in lobbying, either. The former six-term congressman said he
started the Columbus-based Midwest Gateway Partners with several former aides as
a way to stay connected with them and "be helpful to some of my former staff
people who, quite frankly, worked for me for years and years at salaries that
weren't very big."

As an example of his work, Strickland said he recently was hired to help mediate
a legal dispute. He declined to identify his clients.

Other former governors with consulting or lobbying jobs include:

Haley Barbour, a top Washington lobbyist before being elected Mississippi
governor in 2003, returned to his old lobbying firm after serving two terms. The
Republican's clients include Chevron, Toyota and Motorola, federal records show.

John Baldacci, a two-term Democratic governor of Maine, last year joined the
Pierce Atwood law firm  as a senior adviser on "economic development and
government relations." Baldacci said he does no lobbying but helps clients who
are interested in starting or growing businesses.

"I can help smooth out a presentation and give them a perspective about what
happens behind the curtain," Baldacci said of the advice he provides to clients
working with government agencies.

Former Kansas governor Mark Parkinson, a Democrat, is president and CEO of the
American Health Care Association, which represents assisted-living facilities.
Last year, it spent nearly $2 million on lobbying to influence legislation in
Congress and policies from the executive branch, including the Department of
Health and Human Services (HHS).

Parkinson served as lieutenant governor when HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius was
Kansas governor. He replaced Sebelius when she resigned in 2009. Asked about
Parkinson's access to Sebelius, her spokeswoman Joanne Peters said, "As a former
governor who leads an agency that works closely with states, the secretary
regularly talks to current and former governors about a wide variety of issues."

Parkinson, Barbour and Pawlenty did not respond to interview requests.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NATION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Herald & Review (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 17, 2007 Wednesday

City lobbying in Springfield expected to complement work of area legislators

BYLINE: Mike Frazier, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 430 words


Jan. 17--DECATUR -- Lobbyists paid for with taxpayer dollars will complement the
efforts of Springfield lawmakers to move the community's agenda forward, the
president of the Greater Decatur Chamber of Commerce said Tuesday.

"We're trying to support our legislators," Randy Prince said. "We're not trying
to upstage them."

Lobbyists are helpful in securing support for projects from lawmakers outside
the region and key state officials, Prince said.

The Decatur City Council agreed in a study session last week to spend about
$60,000 over the next year for lobbying work.

The council still must formally approve the expenditure.

About $30,000 will go to Illinois Strategies, a Springfield lobbying firm, to
work on behalf of the city.

Another $30,000 will go to the Chamber for its regional development effort
called PARAGON, short for Politically Active Regional Approach to Government &
Organizational Networking.

Other taxing bodies represented by PARAGON also will be asked to contribute
financially toward lobbying efforts, which could cost $60,000 to $75,000 this
year.

The city's funds will help pay for a contract the Chamber has with Illinois
Strategies, Prince said.

PARAGON is a collaborative effort of several local taxing bodies, including the
city of Decatur, Macon County, Richland Community College, Decatur Park
District, Decatur School District and several village governments.

PARAGON has worked to secure more than $6 million for community projects,
including $3.3 million for air service from Decatur Airport to Chicago's Midway
Airport and $1.5 million for Decatur streetscape improvements, Prince said.

The group seeks about $170 million to build a beltway that loops around the
community's southeast side, $25 million to $35 million for lakefront
development, $12.8 million for a Richland agribusiness center, $1 million for
Jasper Street underpass improvements, $900,000 for safety enhancements at Brush
College and William Street roads and $810,000 to expand the underpass on Brush
College.

City leaders expressed strong support for hiring the lobbying firm.

"The return from this will be many, many times more than the investment that the
city makes in this," Mayor Paul Osborne said.

Mike Frazier can be reached at mfrazier@herald-review.com or 421-7985.

Copyright (c) 2007, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070117-HV-0117-City-lobbying
-in-Springfield-expected-to-complement-work-of-area-legislators

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HV


                         Copyright 2007 Herald & Review


                              597 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 16, 1999, Thursday, Final Edition

Commission to Study Rules for Lobbyists

Daniel LeDuc, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: WEEKLY - MD; Pg. M01

LENGTH: 1403 words



It was veteran Maryland lobbyist James Doyle who summed it up best: "There are
many people in the state who believe 'lobbying ethics' is an oxymoron."

But there they were anyway, Doyle and 12 other members of the Study Commission
on Lobbyists Ethics, which met for the first time last week and will work
through autumn studying the laws regulating the hundreds of lobbyists who work
in Annapolis.

The commission was formed by lawmakers who decided it was time to find out
whether regulations on lobbyists were adequate. The study comes a year after a
similar commission looked at legislative ethics and recommended many changes in
how legislators can interact with lobbyists--changes that many lobbyists said
they've found confusing or illogical.

Former delegate Donald B. Robertson, of Montgomery County, is chairman. He has
scheduled meetings almost weekly between now and November, including a public
hearing whose participants will include Common Cause, the League of Women Voters
and a professional organization of lobbyists.

The study comes at a time when lobbying is a thriving business in Maryland.
There are 571 people registered to lobby, far more than just a decade ago. And
there are some important new trends as well, John O'Donnell, executive director
of the State Ethics Commission, told the study group. The Ethics Commission
registers lobbyists and is the clearinghouse for the lobbyists to report their
clients, fees and expenses.

"The number of employers [or clients] is growing faster than the number of
lobbyists," O'Donnell said. "What that really means is that more and more power
is being placed in the hands of less and less."

He said that the top 24 lobbyists accounted for about half of all the lobbying
fees. That means those lobbyists frequently have closer relationships with
legislators and more influence.

Changes in lobbying laws that take effect Oct. 1 may only heighten that
influence. Although lobbyists will be barred from buying meals for individual
lawmakers, they still will be allowed to entertain legislative committees and
delegations.

Those group dinners usually are held at the toniest restaurants in Annapolis and
can cost several thousand dollars. That means a lobbyist with deep pockets still
can entertain, but one on a tighter budget will have it tougher.

"I can't take a single legislator out for a bottle of beer. Yet if I can finagle
enough money from my clients, I can throw the most lavish dinners," said Doyle,
a member of the study group who is considered the dean of the lobbying corps.
"That's an inconsistency that makes no sense. It's a reform that doesn't work."

The new law hasn't even taken effect yet, but it's already in practice: In 1995,
lobbyists reported spending $ 416,000 for one-on-one meals with lawmakers,
O'Donnell said. By 1998, that dropped to $ 57,000. In that same period, spending
on dinners and receptions for groups of legislators more than doubled, from $
245,000 to more than $ 500,000.

In the first six months of this year, O'Donnell said, one-on-one meals amounted
to $ 22,000. But lobbyists spent $ 556,000 on group dinners and receptions.

In addition to Robertson and Doyle, the other panel members are lobbyists Annie
Kronk, William Pitcher and Joel Rozner; Sens. Michael J. Collins (D-Baltimore
County) and Brian E. Frosh (D-Montgomery); Dels. John S. Arnick (D-Baltimore
County), Robert H. Kittleman (R-Howard) and Maggie L. McIntosh (D-Baltimore);
and public members Herbert Alexander, a retired University of Southern
California professor, Wilveria Riddick, a Baltimore schoolteacher, and Dorothy
Fait, a Rockville lawyer.

The commission's next meeting will be at the House Office Building in Annapolis
at 8:30 a.m. Sept. 22.


Longtime Official to Retire

Robert L. Swann, a popular state official who served briefly as comptroller
after the death of Louis L. Goldstein last year, has announced that he's
retiring Oct. 1.

Swann, a native of Calvert County, joined the comptroller's office in 1961,
working for Goldstein, who went on to be the longest-serving state official in
Maryland history. Goldstein died in July 1998, and Swann, who was deputy
comptroller, was appointed by Gov. Parris N. Glendening (D) to fill in at the
top job until after that year's election. Former governor William Donald
Schaefer (D) was elected and took office in January. Swann resumed his old job
as deputy, overseeing data processing, general accounting, payroll and budget
functions for the office, which acts primarily as Maryland's tax collector.

"Anything I've achieved in my career I owe to the late comptroller Louis
Goldstein and to my co-workers in the Comptroller's Office," Swann said in a
statement. "And although I'm retiring, I'll always maintain a great interest in
the affairs of the state of Maryland."


Children's Chairmen Named

Del. Mark K. Shriver (D-Montgomery) and Sen. Edward J. Kasemeyer (D-Howard) have
been appointed co-chairmen of the new Joint Committee on Children, Youth and
Families.

The committee of 10 delegates and 10 senators is the first ever in Maryland to
focus on children's issues.

Shriver is founder and executive director of Choice Programs, which helps
juvenile delinquents. He has long been active in children's issues in the
legislature.


Official Switches Counties

Arlington County is losing an important player to Montgomery County.

Jorge M. Gonzalez, assistant county manager, who has been a key player in
Arlington County issues since 1995, is heading across the river to become senior
assistant chief administrative officer for the Maryland suburb.

Gonzalez's new job is the highest position in Montgomery County's merit
employment system.


Trucker Shows Guest the Road

Last Thursday was take-your-transportation- secretary-to-work day for trucker
Dawn Nichol.

Frustrated by the aggressive driving she sees while hauling toys for Toys R Us,
the 31-year-old Gaithersburg woman wrote to Maryland Gov. Parris N. Glendening
(D) in March, pleading for driver education that teaches people to share the
road with trucks.

"I hope you can understand how I feel, and if you can't I invite you to ride
with me one night," she wrote.

She never really expected Glendening to take her up on the offer.

He didn't, but Maryland Transportation Secretary John D. Porcari did, asking her
to meet him at his office at the Department of Transportation headquarters near
Baltimore-Washington International Airport.

Nichol, wearing a black T-shirt she had made that read "God loves truckers too"
on its back, handed Porcari an identical shirt as a gift. She then opened the
truck's passenger door for him, holding it ajar until he climbed way up into his
seat and pulled the seat belt around him.

And then the two were off, alone in a tractor-trailer plastered with a smiling
giraffe, for an eye-opening 35-minute ride along some of Howard and Baltimore
counties' busiest routes.

Early on, a white Geo Metro merging from Interstate 295 onto Interstate 195
darted in front of Nichol on its way to the far left lane, cutting her off and
causing her to tap her brakes hard. There were a few more instances like that as
Nichol and Porcari headed to Interstate 95 north, then to the Baltimore Beltway,
Interstate 70 and Route 29 south and back toward Department of Transportation
headquarters via Route 100 and I-295. Porcari saw how difficult it is for a
truck to switch lanes--no one wants to let a big rig in front of them--and what
massive blind spots trucks have on both sides and behind them.

"I think both personally and professionally it gave me a new perspective,"
Porcari said to a gaggle of television cameras after hopping down from the rig.

Nichol doesn't pretend that all truckers drive safely. She admits that some make
pretty dangerous moves at times. But she thinks most truckers get a bad rap, and
Porcari agreed. Last year, he said, two-thirds of the fatal crashes in Maryland
involving large trucks were caused by the other driver, not the trucker.

Porcari used the event to highlight truck safety, urging motorists to help
truckers by staying out of their blind spots and by remembering that for a truck
to stop completely takes three to four times the distance it takes a car.

"You can't repeal the laws of physics here," he said.


Staff writer Angela Paik contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: September 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              598 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Arizona Capitol Times

                                February 9, 2007

Report: Government lobbying at odds with taxpayer interests

BYLINE: Christian Palmer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1559  words


Should citizens foot the bill for lobbyists? One think tank says no. The
public's will and right to petition the government is being trampled by the
growing number of taxpayer-funded government lobbyists, according to a new
report issued by the Goldwater Institute. And that unmistakably ensures that
taxpayers pay for growth of government regardless of their opinion, writes Ben
Barr, as a constitutional policy analyst who was with the Institute. He has
since stepped down and accepted a position working for David Mason,
vice-chairman of the Federal Elections Commission in Washington D.C. "Government
lobbying promotes policies and spending programs favorable to government
bodies," writes Barr in "Your Tax Dollars at Work: The implications of
Taxpayer-funded Lobbying.

" "It comes as little surprise that these interests are fundamentally at odds
with the fiscal interests of taxpayers. " But lobbyists help elected
representatives make informed decisions on complex and important issues, say
officials and representatives that are using both public and private lobbyists
to secure funding or favorable legislation. Currently there are more than 900
registered lobbyists working for state and local governments, agencies and
departments, and not only are citizens paying the bill, but their voices are
being muffled, writes Barr. According to the study, which examined lobbying
reports filed with the Secretary of State's Office, more than $3 million has
been spent by Maricopa, Pima and Mojave counties on lobbying from 2000 to 2005,
and the cities of Tucson, Mesa and Phoenix have put more than $2 million of
taxpayer funds to lobbying use. The departments of Transportation, State Parks
and the Governor's Office have also spent almost $2 million during the
timeframe, according to Barr's report, which states the real costs are probably
even higher if necessary administrative expenses were included. You call it
lobbying The report has raised strong objections from the some at the Capitol,
including Gov. Janet Napolitano, who disagrees with the premise - and blasted
the Goldwater Institute for providing "bad research with bad data. " "You call
it lobbying; I call it communicating," said Napolitano, whose office ranked
third in lobbyist spending since the year 2000 among the study's listed
government agencies. "We need to be consistently providing the Legislature,
which is a citizen Legislature, with information. They don't know the ins and
outs of running DES (Department of Economic Security). They don't know the ins
and outs of how we work with the Corrections Department. They don't know the ins
and outs of how we work with the federal Department of Homeland Security. The
three branches [of government] need to communicate and it's those jobs that make
it happen. " But Barr's contention that government lobbyists distort democracy
by replacing the voice of citizens with that of the state may have some merit,
said Bas Aja, head of the Arizona Cattlemen's Association. The Buckeye resident
and longtime lobbyist said he recalls being in government committee meetings and
competing for legislative favor against dozens of government lobbyists. And as a
trade representative, Aja said he feels that he is still only minimally affected
by large numbers of lobbyists working on behalf of governments. For the average
citizen, however, he is not sure the effects will be that slight. "If you were a
public individual you'd be down there on your own dime and your own time taking
on your own money in the form of taxpayer funded lobbyists," said Aja, who said
he considers the practice a little "unsettling. " Strobeck: Lobbyists part of
lawmaking Ken Strobeck, executive director of the League of Arizona Cities and
Towns, an organization for 90 of Arizona's local governments, said the study's
findings that an "annualized cost" of about $2 million a year spent by cities
and towns to sway legislators is hardly worth noticing given that local
governments spent $4.625 billion in 2005. "Two million dollars out of five
billion seems like a very reasonable amount to communicate to federal and state
governments the issues that are important to cities," said Strobeck, whose group
secured $550 million from state coffers for local government use last year
despite opposition from several lawmakers. The organization was criticized in
the Goldwater Institute report for working to defeat private property rights
measures pertaining to eminent domain and regulatory takings despite
overwhelming approval by voters. The group, to which members pay dues from local
tax revenues to benefit from lobbying efforts, is using public funds to "openly
advocate and lobby for policies that 95 percent of Americans, and in all
likelihood Arizonans, disagree with," writes Barr. In November, citizen
initiative Prop. 207, which considerably strengthened private property rights in
Arizona, was approved by approximately 65 percent of voters, according to
records kept by the Secretary of State's Office. Abandoning the lobbying
process, including the use of privately hired insiders, would amount to a
useless retreat from a competitive lawmaking procedure that would not serve the
public well, said Strobeck. "Eliminating private lobbyists (from working for
governments) would be a unilateral disarmament to special interests," he said.
"It would basically be surrender. " And the law? Barr states the courts have
differed on the appropriateness of governments lobbying activities and he calls
for a renewed judicial determination to define whether the spending serves a
valid "public purpose. " A 1944 decision by the Arizona Supreme Court in City of
Phoenix v. Michael, he writes, forbids local governments from expending taxpayer
funds to join lobbying organizations such as the Arizona Municipal League, whose
mission statement at the time was to "secure legislation beneficial to the
municipalities of the state. " But a following legal opinion issued by high
court in 1948's City of Glendale v. White attacked the Michael decision and
ruled that determining the legality of municipal lobbying must be judged on an
individual basis, wrote Barr, who argues the fuzzy ruling dilutes the separation
of powers of government branches. The broad change "effectively eviscerated" the
state Constitution's powers to protect citizens from "abusive government taxing
and spending practices," writes Barr. But Paul Bender, a constitutional law
professor at Arizona State University, strongly disagrees with Barr's arguments.
"This report is nonsense, it doesn't show that this [government lobbying]
violates the separation of powers and the cases don't hold anything that
supports this," said Bender, a former principal deputy solicitor general of the
United States. A ban? The study notes that moves to reduce or eliminate
taxpayer-funded lobbying have occurred in more than 10 states during the last
decade, including Texas, Illinois and South Carolina. In 2006, the Houston City
Council withheld a $70,000 membership fee from the Texas Municipal League after
determining the group does "not assign top priority" to taxpayers' interests and
private property rights, according to the study. In 2003, Illinois Gov. Rod
Blagojevich canceled several lobbying contracts held by the state's Department
of Transportation and the Illinois Department of Public Aid, which reportedly
incurred $150,000 in lobbying expenses within six months. And in September 2004,
South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford by executive order prohibited his cabinet from
lobbying agencies. Barr urges Arizona to adopt measures similar to those in
Florida, which eliminated state entities from using public money for lobbying
purposes. Such ideas have arisen in Arizona. In June 2005, a ballot initiative
committee was officially registered with the Secretary of State's Office to
combat the practice, but the effort never gained any momentum. Kenneth Bond, a
Mesa resident behind the failed drive, said another effort is underway, but he
declined to offer further details. He said governments and agencies are using
lobbyists not to educate, but to ensure they "live forever," "continue to grow,"
"increase power" and "decrease accountability and oversight. " Bond strongly
praised Barr's report and condemned the idea that governments have a right to
lobby on their own behalf. "People say 'they got to protect their turf,'" he
said. "But it's not their turf. It belongs to the citizens. " In 1999,
Republican House members Jean McGrath, Deborah Brimhall and Jeff Groscost
introduced a bill to stop government agencies and political subdivisions from
using public funds to participate in private organizations, but the measure was
amended and ultimately defeated. A ban on the practice, which is called for in
the report, would not rob government entities from influencing legislators and
allow private interests to "run amok," said Aja. It would have the effect of
requiring mayors, councilmen and other officials and department figures of
coming to the Legislature and doing the job themselves, he said. What is
surprising, said Aja, is that while constant media scrutiny is paid toward
private lobbyists, little attention is paid to their public counterparts. "They
get a free ride," he said. "They're pure for some reason. " Phil Riske and Emily
Murray contributed to this story.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            April 6, 2005 Wednesday

Cablevision, MSG Spend $22.3 Million To Fight Stadium

BYLINE: By BRIAN McGUIRE, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 811 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


Cablevision executives not only drove statewide lobbying spending through the
roof in their fight against the West Side stadium last year, but they also doled
out tens of thousands of dollars in political contributions to state lawmakers.

Last year's lobbying totals, made available to reporters last month, show that
Cablevision and Madison Square Garden spent $22.1 million - largely in
television advertising - to fight construction by the Jets of a new stadium
above the West Side rail yards in Manhattan.

The wisdom of that spending was placed in doubt last week when the board of
directors at the Metropolitan Transportation Authority voted unanimously to
accept a $720 million bid by the Jets to develop the site over a $760 million
Cablevision bid.

But a report released yesterday by a collection of government watchdog groups
shows that Cablevision was not relying on advertising alone to beat the Jets.
The company also spent $145,767 in contributions to lawmakers, bringing its
total spending against the football team last year to $22,270,231.

The Jets spent $6,845,089 - or less than a third that amount - on counter-
lobbying efforts of their own last year and a mere $500 on campaign
contributions. The lower spending was enough to win MTA board approval, but
could still prove inadequate to push the roughly $2 billion building project
through, lobbying officials said.

"I think you're going to see more activity on the stadium," David Grandeau,
executive director of the state's lobbying commission, said. "I think in that
particular case it's such a large issue that I'm not convinced money will not
have a positive impact for Cablevision when all is said and done."

A decision on the stadium is now up to the Empire State Development Corporation
and the Public Authorities Control Board. The first group, run by a political
appointee of Governor Pataki, is expected to vote in favor of the stadium later
this month. The second, which consists of Mr. Pataki, Assemblyman Sheldon
Silver, and Senator Joseph Bruno, is thought to be up for grabs.

Mr. Pataki, who along with Mayor Bloomberg is a major supporter of the stadium,
included $300 million for the project in his executive budget. The state
Legislature, however, struck the funding from the budget it passed last week.
Mr. Silver, a Democrat from Manhattan, and Mr. Bruno, a Republican from
Rensselaer, are the two legislative leaders.

Messrs. Bruno and Silver have not indicated how they plan to vote on the
stadium, but they have dropped hints of opposition in addition to striking the
governor's proposed funding from their budget. Mr. Bruno recently cited polls
suggesting a majority of New York City residents oppose the stadium. Mr. Silver
is notoriously hesitant to show his hand in negotiations until the last minute.

Asked yesterday how he planned to vote on the stadium, Mr. Silver said growing
uncertainty about an investment banking firm's plans to build a new corporate
headquarters in Lower Manhattan was proof to him that too much attention is
being paid to uptown development. He suggested that downtown should be a greater
priority for Messrs. Pataki and Bloomberg.

"They neglected our first obligation, which is rebuilding from September 11,"
Mr. Silver said. "We are three-and a-half years down the road and there is no
coordination, no decision making, and one of the biggest pluses to downtown
would have been the Goldman Sachs headquarters that was planned, and now they're
pulling out based on that failure."

Other top lobbyists last year included the Oneida Indian Nation, which is
looking to build a casino in the Catskills; New York State United Teachers, and
New York State Trial Lawyers. The three groups spent $2.5 million, $1.1 million,
and $1 million respectively in lobbying in 2004.

The New York State United Teachers outspent every other group in campaign
contributions, with a $1.3 million outlay. The trial lawyers' association spent
the second highest amount on political campaigns, with $711,220.

Mr. Grandeau said he expects special-interest groups to rely on television
advertising and celebrity appearances in their lobbying efforts in coming years.
Citing last year's presidential election, in which a number of celebrities took
to the campaign trail in support of candidates, Mr. Grandeau said he expects the
lobbying landscape here to follow suit.

"It's been my experience that lobbying tools tend to lag behind political tools
by about two years," Mr. Grandeau said. "Obviously, the reason for that is
people who run campaigns end up doing lobbying. They see what works on the
political campaign trail and they bring it to their lobbying work."

The report, which included both lobbying and campaign finance expenditures by
special-interest groups, was released yesterday by Common Cause New York, the
League of Women Voters, and the New York Public Interest Group.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 3, 2003 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Final Slots Lobbying Tab: Over $2.6 Million;
Of Gambling Interests, Rosecroft Investors Ponied Up the Most

BYLINE: Craig Whitlock, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 565 words


Final reports show that gambling interests spent more than $ 2.6 million on an
unprecedented lobbying campaign to persuade Maryland lawmakers to legalize slot
machines this year, according to records disclosed yesterday by state officials.

Racetrack owners alone accounted for about $ 2 million of the total as they
tried -- but failed -- to win approval of a potentially lucrative plan that
would have allowed them to operate more than 10,000 slot machines.

Investors in Rosecroft Raceway, a financially ailing harness track in Oxon Hill,
alone spent just over $ 1 million on lobbying during a six-month period that
ended April 30, according to reports filed with the State Ethics Commission.

The ownership of Maryland's two thoroughbred tracks -- Pimlico in Baltimore and
Laurel Park in Prince George's County -- reported a lobbying effort that cost
about $ 900,000, records show.

"It was the most substantive issue of the [legislative] session," said Alan M.
Rifkin, lead lobbyist for the Maryland Jockey Club, local owner of Laurel and
Pimlico. "I think people respect the fact that substantive issues, difficult
issues, require substantive time."

Rifkin was compensated $ 211,000, making him the single-highest-paid lobbyist on
the gambling issue. He said he spent most of his time dealing with consultants
as they prepared economic studies and other reports to show legislators to sway
them on slots.

Also highly paid was Paul A. Tiburzi, a local lobbyist for Magna Entertainment
Corp., the Canadian racing conglomerate that purchased a majority stake in
Pimlico and Laurel last year. He received about $ 112,000 in compensation for
five months' work. Magna also gave $ 228,534 to its executive vice president, Ed
Hannah, but he reported that about $ 200,000 of that was spent on research and
other expenses that did not benefit him directly.

Several lawmakers and analysts said they could not recall a political issue in
Annapolis that came close to matching the more than $ 2.6 million spent for
lobbying in the slots debate.

To put the figure in perspective, lobbyists in the state capital have reported
spending about $ 23 million annually on all issues in recent years.

The client with the deepest pockets was Centaur Inc., a group of Indianapolis
investors seeking to buy Rosecroft Raceway in a $ 55 million deal. Centaur spent
about $ 785,000 all told, with about one-third of that going directly to
lobbyists and $ 526,000 for research and other expenses.

State regulations do not require lobbyists to describe the nature of their
expenses. Jeffrey Smith, Centaur's president and chief executive, said in a
telephone interview late yesterday that much of the money went to consultants
and researchers, who shared their findings with lawmakers.

"It was a combination of things," he said. "There were a variety of efforts and
information gathering both in terms of surveys and in terms of materials
gathered for legislators. It was all part of an educational effort on a fairly
complex issue."

The expensive lobbying effort was a losing gamble for Centaur. The House of
Delegates killed a slots bill in April, prompting Centaur to scale back its plan
to purchase Rosecroft outright. Instead, Centaur is seeking to buy a 25 percent
stake in the track.

The current owner of Rosecroft, Cloverleaf Enterprises Inc., also spent heavily
on lobbyists, reporting about $ 285,000 in fees.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              601 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 09, 1998, Thursday, Final Edition

A Powell Tate Pipeline

Bill McAllister

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A23; THE FEDERAL PAGE; SPECIAL INTERESTS: LOBBYING
WASHINGTON

LENGTH: 834 words


The DCS Group, the public affairs subsidiary of the Dutko Group, can have its
own Powell Tate alumni association. Joseph P. Duggan, a former Bush White House
speechwriter, has become the fourth Powell Tate executive to desert the big
public relations and lobbying firm to join DCS since the summer.

DCS has been headed by former Powell Tate vice president Alan M. Madison since
midsummer. Powell Taters Peter J. Mirijanian and Susan Bachar followed, joining
as vice president and group director, respectively.

Madison says his 10-member DCS is a "boutique public affairs" firm that comes
with "big firm experience." It's "the difference between Tiffany's and the Hecht
Co. We're smaller, a service-oriented organization." Or "Powell Tate Lite," one
of the firm's former employees suggests.

Mirijanian had only good things to say about the Powell Tate leadership. He and
his colleagues just find it easier to be entrepreneurial and creative in a
smaller company. "We don't want to get in the situation of being everything to
everybody," he said.

Among DCS's clients: 3M Co., Teledesic, American Cancer Society, the Bill and
Melinda Gates Library Foundation (the Microsoft founder's effort to wire
inner-city libraries to the Internet) and NASCAR, the stock car racing group.
For NASCAR, DCS is producing a coffee table book: "A Day in the Life at the
Races," featuring drivers at the Indianapolis 500 and the Charlotte 600. "It's
going to be a great corporate vehicle for the sponsors of motor sports," said
Madison.

Separately, Dutko has named Kimberly M. Spaulding, staff director of the Senate
aging subcommittee, and Stephen C. Sayle, counsel to the House Commerce
Committee, vice presidents. Kim Koontz Bayliss, former legislative director for
the late Rep. Mike Synar (D-Okla.), was promoted to senior vice president.

Bayh-Oppenheimer Merger

Bayh, Connaughton & Stewart, the law firm and lobbying shop of former senator
Birch Bayh (D-Ind.), has merged into the Minneapolis-based law firm of
Oppenheimer, Wolff & Donnelly, which has a Washington office and lobbying
operation. In Washington, the new firm will be known as Oppenheimer, Wolff,
Donnelly & Bayh.

"We don't see any conflicts [among lobbying clients], but we should have a good
deal of synergism where we're practicing in some of the same fields," said Bayh.
The new firm will have about 25 lawyers, about half from each firm.

Bayh also noted that the Minneapolis firm has a strong presence in California's
Silicon Valley and in intellectual property issues. "And we hope we're going to
build on that," he said.

Living-Room Lobbyists

Former representative Charlie Rose (D-N.C.) and wife Stayce Hefner have launched
a lobby shop from their Fauquier County home. It may be outside the Capital
Beltway, but Rose & Hefner Consulting Co. has snagged some big-name clients.
Among the first: IBM, Philip Morris Management Corp. and Lucent Technologies.

Rose, who chaired the House Administration Committee, says he is one of those
advising Philip Morris on the proposed tobacco settlement legislation.

Another New Shop

Also in the new lobby shop category . . .  Laura DeKoven Waxman, an assistant
executive director to the U.S. Conference of Mayors, left the organization March
20 along with public affairs director Mike Brown to form City Policy Associates.
The company will focus on local government issues. Their clients include the
U.S. Conference of Mayors and the American Jewish Congress.

Petroleum Association Hire

Lee O. Fuller, formerly a senior legislative associate at Van Scoyoc Associates
and an aide to former senator Lloyd Bentsen (D-Tex.), has been named vice
president for government relations for the Independent Petroleum Association of
America. He replaces Roy Willis, who becomes president of the Propane Education
and Research Council.

Turkmenistan Business

Just in time for Turkmenistan President Saparmurad Niyazov's visit to Washington
later this month, Allen V. Moore, vice president of Chambers Associates and an
undersecretary of commerce in the Reagan administration, has been named
executive director of the U.S.-Turkmenistan Business Council. Stefanie Reiser, a
public affairs associate at Chambers and a former trade adviser to California
Gov. Pete Wilson, will be the council's manager.

Their commutes to the council won't be difficult. It will be located in
Chambers's 15th Street office.

Filling a Spot at Cemetery Association

Who better than Linda E. Christenson to become executive vice president and
chief executive of the International Cemetery and Funeral Association?
Christenson is the former executive director of the Landfill Solutions Group.

Cemeteries are, after all, the final landfill solution. But Christenson says
Landfill Solutions, a coalition of municipal landfill site owners that she
organized, and the cemetery association "substantively have no common issues."

Bill McAllister's E-mail address is mcallisterwashpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 09, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              602 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 27, 1995, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Showdown Near on Bill to Stop Automatic Financing of Student Lobbying Group

BYLINE: By JOSEPH F. SULLIVAN

SECTION: Section B;  Page 5;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 665 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, March 24


A two-year campaign by business and construction trade groups to undercut the
lobbying activities of a nettlesome student-based advocacy organization is
heading for a showdown.

A bill to change the way Rutgers University students contribute to the
organization, the New Jersey Public Interest Research Group, is in position for
a vote in the Senate on Thursday. Its sponsor predicts the vote there will be as
close as the one in the State Assembly, which recently approved the measure.

At present, Rutgers students vote every three years on whether to automatically
contribute $7.50 each semester to finance the organization. Although the
question regularly passes, students who oppose the policy can opt out of the
program by checking "no" on a fee form.

The bill before the Legislature would reverse the procedure. Student lobbying
groups would receive fees only from students who checked "yes" on a form.
Leaders of the organization say this would dramatically reduce their financial
support and undercut their ability to represent student concerns on a number of
public issues, most notably environmental protection.

The organization raises about $600,000 a year, about half from students, to pay
for its activities. It has about 50,000 members, half of whom are Rutgers
University students. It has a paid staff, but all policy decisions are made by a
board comprised of students.

The New Jersey Public Interest Research Group is part of a nationwide network of
advocacy groups conceived in the early 1970's by Ralph Nader, among others.

The New Jersey organization was founded in 1972 after Thomas H. Kean, who was
then the Assembly Speaker, cosponsored a resolution endorsing the establishment
of "a nonpartisan, nonprofit, student directed and financed corporation" that
would work for social change.

The group lobbied effectively recently on behalf of two important laws, the
Clean Water Enforcement Act of 1990, which mandates stricter monitoring and
enforcement of corporate waste discharges, and the Pollution Prevention Act of
1991, which requires New Jersey companies to account for all the toxic materials
they use in manufacturing.

When the Legislature voted in January to amend the Pollution Prevention Act to
ease restrictions on business, some leaders of the Public Interest Research
Group said the lawmakers were unduly influenced by industry. The organization
immediately issued an apology, but it had already angered some legislators and
added new fuel to the drive to change the student financing plan.

"Some of their leaders are too abrasive," said Assemblyman James Zangari, an
Irvington Democrat and a cosponsor of the Assembly bill.

Student organizations and faculty members, as well as other public interest and
labor groups, say the change is an unwarranted intrusion in the life of the
university, which was promised greater autonomy by Gov. Christine Todd Whitman
when she eliminated the Department of Higher Education.

In a letter to members of the Assembly before the vote earlier this month,
Maggie Moran, the president of the student governing association at Douglass
College, the women's college at Rutgers, said: "For the Legislature to attempt
to stifle students' voices at the behest of special interests on issues that
will affect their future sends a cynical message to the future leaders of our
community about the value of their participation in our democratic system."

Carl Kirschner, acting dean of Rutgers College, said the bill "threatens the
autonomy of the college and of student decision-making, removing the democratic
process as it pertains to student activities."

Senator John P. Scott, a Lyndhurst Republican, said he decided to sponsor the
bill after hearing complaints about the current financing system from students
he met more than two years ago. He said the system "didn't sound right." He said
he hopes the Senate will vote on the bill on Thursday, its last scheduled voting
session for about six weeks.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              603 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            December 26, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Third of top aides become lobbyists;
Staffers 'cashing in on their expertise'

BYLINE: Matt Kelley

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 525 words


WASHINGTON -- More than a third of top congressional staffers who left their
public service jobs this year went to work for private lobbying firms or other
groups seeking to influence the government, according to a USA TODAY analysis.

Under an ethics law passed last year, the House and Senate for the first time
must list the names of departing staffers earning $127,000 or more per year. So
far this year, 32 of the 193 top staffers who left government registered as
lobbyists and an additional 42 went to work for consulting firms, law offices,
interest groups and trade associations, the analysis showed.

Publicizing names of departing staffers gives the public notice that "they're
cashing in on their expertise," says James Thurber, an American University
lobbying expert.

Former congressional staffers are free to become lobbyists or otherwise work to
influence the government as long as they follow ethics laws, including a
cooling-off period. The new rules prohibit former Senate aides from lobbying
anyone in the Senate for a year after they leave.

In the House, the one-year lobbying ban only applies to the House office or
committee where the staffer worked.

Congress tightened the rules as part of a broader package of ethics proposals
backed by Democratic leaders after they took control in 2007.

The changes were prompted in part by the investigations spurred by former
lobbyist Jack Abramoff that resulted in three former congressional
staffers-turned-lobbyists pleading guilty to corruption. Abramoff is serving a
nearly six-year prison term on corruption-related charges.

Former staffers with ties to key members of Congress or committees can earn
double, triple or more when they become lobbyists or consultants, but their
career changes don't get as much attention as when members of Congress become
lobbyists.

The new ethics law extended the lobbying ban for departing senators to two years
but left it unchanged at one year for House members.

Three House members this year joined firms or special interest groups with a
business interest in federal government decisions. Former Senate majority leader
Trent Lott, R-Miss., left the Senate to form a lobbying firm in December 2007,
just before the longer cooling-off period took effect. Lott is a registered
lobbyist whose one-year ban on lobbying Congress expired Dec. 19.

"This is a well-worn path, from Capitol Hill to K Street, where the big lobbying
firms reside," says Paul Light of New York University.

A former Senate staffer who switched to lobbying says it's less about cashing in
than influencing public policy in a different way.

"I think if you build experience over time in government you can help in K
Street as well for the larger good," says Peter Cleveland, who left in November
as chief of staff to Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., to head Intel Corp.'s
Washington public policy office. He declined to disclose his new salary.

The Price of Power is an ongoing series tracking the role of money and business
interests in politics

Revolving door on Hill

Party breakdown of top congressional staffers who became lobbyists:

Democrats 17

Republicans 15

Total 32

Source: USA TODAY research

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 12, 2003 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

PUBLIC LIVES;
Keeping Lobbyists on the Straight and Narrow

BYLINE:  By CHRIS HEDGES

SECTION: Section B; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 818 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


DAVID M. GRANDEAU had been on the job five months when The New York Post ran a
cover story called "The Dumbest Jobs in Albany." As executive director of the
Temporary State Commission on Lobbying, he made the list, part of what the paper
called the "dopey dozen." It was, he said, not undeserved.

"The commission had never fined anyone more than $5,000," he said. "They held
hearings maybe once or twice a year. They had no active investigations. The
office was shuffling paper."

He had inherited an agency that was sleepy, toothless and inefficient. But he
set out to turn it into something else. And he keeps a copy of the 1996 paper,
yellowed, its edges curling, in his office in Empire Plaza. It is a reminder of
how far the lobbying commission has traveled in its bid to curtail abuses by the
state's $90 million-a-year lobbying industry and its some 3,000 registered
lobbyists.

The agency has gone after some of the biggest firms in the state, along with
scores of minor ones, for failing to file reports on time, failing to report
gifts to legislators or failing to disclose lobbying efforts.

The commission had, from the time of its creation in 1978 until 1995, imposed
less than $45,000 in fines. Since then, the office has issued more than $1
million in fines and metes out more than 100 civil penalties a year.

"I don't think anyone is going to write that headline about the lobbying
commission anymore," he said.

The commission was given more bite in 1999 after it was discovered that the
chief lobbyist for Philip Morris had handed out thousands of dollars worth of
lavish dinners and unreported gifts to lawmakers. Philip Morris was fined
$75,000, and its lobbyist, Sharon T. Portnoy, $15,000. Ms. Portnoy was barred
from lobbying for three years.

"The whole nature of our job changed in 1999 with the Philip Morris
investigation," he said. "Prior to the change in the law we had to give a 15-day
notice to anyone who had done something wrong. Once we were freed from this
15-day notice provision, it put the onus on the lobbying firm to get it right
the first time. Back then the maximum fine was $5,000. Today, the maximum fine
is $50,000."

His office issued fines earlier this year totaling $300,000 against Correctional
Services Corporation, a private prison firm. The commission fined AT&T $195,000
last fall for failure to disclose certain advertising.

Mr. Grandeau, 43, who has three children, grew up in Poughkeepsie, N.Y., the son
of a lawyer and a librarian. He and his family live in Niskayuna, five miles
northwest of Albany.

He went to the University of Vermont, where he said he "majored in skiing with a
minor in political science." He graduated from Albany Law School and landed a
one-year job as a clerk in the Appellate Division.

"I got a call one day from a man named Joe Bruno who said he was the C.E.O. of a
company called Coradian," he said. "I thought he said he was from Mooradian,
which is a furniture store here, and he wanted to sell me a couch."

HE became the general counsel for Coradian, a telecommunications company. He
cemented a relationship with its chairman, Mr. Bruno, who went on to become the
State Senate majority leader.

But it was as the combative city manager for Troy, a job Mr. Bruno helped him
secure, that he blossomed, although his critics might say it was more like
letting a pit bull off a leash. He walked into Troy in 1994 when it was
insolvent. The city had a yearly shortfall of $15 million out of a $40 million
budget. He surveyed the scene like a young boy who has been told he can run a
toy factory.

"It was the best job I ever had," he said. "I was 35 years old, running an
operation with 500 people, a police force, a fire department, a golf course, a
recreation department, snowplows and garbage trucks."

But he swiftly made enemies by the truckful with his aggressive tactics,
including a well-publicized outburst where he called a political opponent "a
trained monkey." He laid off 10 percent of the city employees, setting off huge
battles with the unions. He decided to sell City Hall, along with the municipal
golf course, by hanging out a banner reading "for sale by owner." And after 14
months he was effectively driven out of town when it appeared certain that a
court would uphold a legal technicality saying he had failed to meet the city's
residency requirement.

"I didn't realize how political Troy was," he said. He arrived at the commission
chastened, or at least wiser, although when asked to describe himself he spat
out "abrasive, arrogant and cocky." He said he could, after Troy, resist taking
on fights "that are not my own."

But the combativeness remains. As he recounted the tussles with the high-powered
New York lawyers he eventually forced to pay fines, he spoke with delight. "It
always starts out the same," he said. "First there are denials and lies, then
they minimize what they did, and finally they admit it and pay."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

NAME: DAVID M. GRANDEAU

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: DAVID M. GRANDEAU (Stewart Cairns for The New York Times)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Biography

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              605 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 11, 2013 Monday
                                 Every Edition

Amazon.com keeps Patton Boggs to lobby for sales tax proposal

BYLINE: Catherine Ho

SECTION: Pg. A14

LENGTH: 413 words


Amazon.com is continuing to push for an Internet sales tax, which has been a
major point of contention among both online and brick-and-mortar retailers.
Amazon recently renewed a contract with Patton Boggs to lobby for the
Marketplace Fairness Act, a Senate bill introduced in the last Congress that
would have given states the authority to require remote sellers like Amazon and
eBay to collect sales tax on goods sold online. The Seattle-based retailer
retained Patton Boggs in November and paid the firm $130,000 last year to lobby
on the bill, but the activity was not reported until late January, the deadline
to submit lobbying activity for the previous quarter. The Marketplace Fairness
Act, which did not pass, has yet to be reintroduced in the current Congress.
Amazon was joined by Target and Wal-Mart in support of the bill; eBay and
Overstock.com have opposed it.

Urban Outfitters is venturing into federal lobbying for the first time. The
Philadelphia-based fashion retailer hired Abraham & Roetzel in late January to
lobby on federal policy involving economic and urban development, according to
lobbying registration records. The three lobbyists are the firm's president Bob
Carey, former legislative director for Sen. Spencer Abraham (R-Mich.); Lou
Crocco, a former senior staffer in the Pennsylvania House; and Kimberly Contino,
a former staffer in the Pennsylvania Senate. Neither Carey nor a spokeswoman for
Urban Outfitters returned requests for comment.

Iron Mountain, an information management services provider that handles document
shredding and other data management, hired Efrus Federal Advisors this month to
lobby the government on records management and consult on business development.
A representative for the Boston-based company said they are advocating for data
privacy laws that protect consumers and businesses, and seeking to lend
expertise in the government's ongoing quest to protect data and migrate to
electronic records. Iron Mountain previously has paid tens of thousands of
dollars to outside firms to lobby on electronic health records and data privacy
issues.

The Business Roundtable is adding to its army of federal lobbyists, this month
retaining Podesta Group to lobby on corporate tax issues. In 2012, the
Washington-based trade association that represents CEOs of U.S. corporations
spent $13.9 million - up from $12.3 million in 2011 - to lobby on a wide range
of issues including taxes, energy, finance and health.

hoc@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             May 19, 2012 Saturday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

CHOOSING SPEAKERS IS TRICKY TASK

BYLINE: ADAM C. SMITH, AARON SHAROCKMAN, Times Staff Writers

SECTION: NATIONAL; 2012 REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVENTION: AUG. 27-30 IN TAMPA; Pg.
1A

LENGTH: 1410 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



HIGHLIGHT: There's only so much prime time and many egos jockeying for a spot in
the limelight.


This is unwelcome news for Mitt Romney: Florida Gov. Rick Scott expects a
high-profile speaking slot at the Republican National Convention.

"I would hope so," he told a newspaper editorial board this week when asked if
he anticipates giving a prime-time speech in Tampa.

Nothing says "Elect Mitt Romney!" like an unpopular multimillionaire awkwardly
making the case on national TV.

We're 100 days out, and convention organizers are just starting to tackle one of
the trickiest and most important elements of the convention - selecting the
speakers.

It's a matter of juggling monumental political egos, precious little time for
maximum TV exposure, appeasing people whose help is needed, and ensuring the
best message comes through to win over swing voters just starting to focus on
the presidential contest.

"How much lobbying is there? More lobbying than on an oil pipeline,'' said
Democratic strategist Bob Shrum, who played a key role in putting together John
Kerry's 2004 convention in Boston.

Republican strategist Russ Schriefer, program chair for George W. Bush's 2004
convention in New York and now a senior Romney adviser, recounted more subtle
lobbying efforts.

"People would give you suggestions - 'It would be a really good idea for X to
speak,'" he recalled with a chuckle. "Without naming names, there were a few
challenges, and there are always a few egos that need to be soothed."

The job is daunting. The networks at best will devote five or six hours over
four days to convention coverage, and a good chunk of that is taken by all-but
required speeches - the nominee, his spouse, the vice presidential nominee - so
planners have to make the very most of the limited time they have.

The flexibility is further limited when you factor in other desired messages,
such as highlighting the GOP's diversity even if the audience inside the Tampa
Bay Times Forum is overwhelmingly white. In 2008, for instance, the second night
of the convention featured some of the party's most prominent minorities,
including Maryland Lt. Gov. Michael Steele, Education Secretary Rod Paige and
Jeb Bush's son, George P. Bush.

"They have special needs. For example they've got to reach out to Hispanics so
you'll see Marco Rubio and maybe (New Mexico Gov.) Susana Martinez in prime
time," Shrum said. "They'll have to have women, because they need to close the
gender gap."

So you'll likely see Rubio - whether or not he's on the ticket - because the
convention is in his home state and because of his ability to captivate a crowd.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie seems a good bet, as does Ohio Sen. Rob Portman.
But where does, say, Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal fit in, or Virginia's Bob
McDonnell?

Is there room in prime time for former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty? Or even more
intriguing are the prospects of Sarah Palin and Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann.

What about former President George W. Bush? Many Republicans doubt he'll seek a
speaking slot.

That's not even counting the GOP presidential candidates who hung on the longest
- Newt Gingrich, Rick Santorum and Ron Paul.

Highly choreographed

Conventions are highly choreographed productions on which every nominee puts his
imprint. Generally the message is aimed for mainstream, swing voters, and the
theme for 2012 in Tampa seems predictable: Barack Obama is a failed president,
and Romney has what it takes to turn the country around.

Even if conventions amount to a four-day campaign commercial, don't
underestimate their importance. They can determine whether or not a candidate
heads into the final stretch with momentum.

"Conventions matter a whole lot. The messaging that comes out of it, the focus
every day and every night, the amount of press and communication ... that comes
out of the convention is an enormous push to our candidate," said Republican
National Committee chairman Reince Priebus. "It could go really, really well, or
it couldn't go well and that would be very bad."

Not going well can take various forms, the most extreme modern example being
riots during the 1968 Democratic convention. More recently, Pat Buchanan's
so-called "culture war speech" at the 1992 Republican convention was widely seen
as a disaster, depicting the GOP as intolerant and extremist.

For all the meticulous planning, down to every last image and sound, something
can go wrong.

In 2008, a threatening Hurricane Gustav in the Gulf of Mexico wiped out the
first full day of the Republican National Convention in St. Paul, Minn. The
wash-out sent convention programmers scrambling to fit four days of speakers and
programming into 2-1/2.

Tough choices had to be made.

Ed Goeas, a Republican pollster and program director for the 2008 convention,
remembers telling Texas Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison that she wasn't getting the
speaking slot she had been promised.

"I was afraid I wouldn't walk out of there with my scalp," Goeas remembers. He
did; Hutchison was gracious. So was Indiana Rep. Mike Pence, who had his speech
scrapped.

To settle a question over who would speak first, former eBay CEO Meg Whitman or
former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina, Goeas flipped a coin.

Another bit of intrigue from that 2008 convention: John McCain's conservative
rival, Mike Huckabee, had coveted a prime-time slot on the convention's second
night to blast away at then-Democratic nominee Obama. But Goeas and convention
programmers preferred a young, little-known governor from a faraway state -
Palin. That all changed, of course, when Palin was named McCain's vice
presidential nominee.

Romney's choice

The Romney team faces its own tough calculations. Is Santorum, with his focus on
social conservatism, a speaker likely to win over independent voters? Would a
Gingrich or Palin prime-time address help narrow the Democrats' advantage with
women? Will there be backlash from the base if none of them gets a prime-time
speech?

"There are debts that have to be paid off and there are troops that have to be
mobilized. You can't just exclude people and ignore people and risk insulting
them. He needs the party faithful to be faithful,'' said political scientist
Bruce Cain, director of the University of California Washington Center.

"It's a delicate balancing act. He has some leverage, though," Cain said. "You
have people who want to be in the Cabinet or have some influence for whatever
reason. It's not as if Romney and the party establishment don't have cards to
play."

The biggest question mark? Paul, whose positions on foreign policy and some
social issues put him at odds with the Republican establishment. Goeas says
Romney's leverage over Paul might not be a Cabinet post or a future run for
office (Paul is 76) but maybe the political future of Paul's son, Kentucky Sen.
Rand Paul.

Paul, Goeas says, "has shown a certain interest in not doing any harm to his
son."

Schriefer also noted the prime-time speaking slots are not necessarily as
important today as they were in the past. Cable networks cover the conventions
so thoroughly that millions of viewers will still see speeches even if they
aren't televised on the broadcast networks in prime time.

The Romney campaign has not named a program director for the convention, but the
RNC's committee on arrangements overseeing the event has several convention
veterans already in place to piece together the campaign's political and
production needs. That includes Larry Harlow, a federal lobbyist, serving as
director of official proceedings.

He will work closely with the Romney campaign on scheduling, though a big part
of Harlow's job is making sure the official business gets completed amid the
pomp and ceremony. It's often overlooked that conventions are official party
meetings where tasks - from ratifying rules and procedures, electing officers,
adopting a platform, and, of course, voting on the nominee - must be completed.

Don't expect speaker announcements any time soon. They usually get finalized at
the last minute, convention veterans say, partly because events could overtake
earlier considerations. If a foreign policy crisis erupts in August, for
instance, fixing the economy may not the all-consuming theme in Tampa.

And Gov. Scott's prospects for prime time? Unlikely. At best, he can expect an
early-bird speech, say 6:15 p.m. That's when the networks are focused elsewhere
and even the delegates inside the Tampa Bay Times Forum are ignoring the
speeches.

Adam C. Smith can be reached at asmith@tampabay.com Aaron Sharockman can be
reached at asharockman@tampabay.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Times wires (3): Who will speak at the convention: MARCO
RUBIO?; SARAH PALIN?; CHRIS CHRISTIE?

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2012 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 16, 2017 Thursday

Memorandum: Closing a Loophole Regarding Lobbying for Contingent Fees -- Former
SB 388

LENGTH: 265  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: The Senate of Pennsylvania has issued the following Memorandum:



   From:     Senator Jay Costa

 To:     All Senate members

 Subject:     Closing a Loophole Regarding Lobbying for Contingent Fees --
Former SB 388



 I plan to re-introduce legislation proposed by Senator Pileggi last session as
Senate Bill 388. The bill will close a loophole allowing lobbyists to collect a
contingency fee for grants, loans, capital projects and other awards of
Commonwealth funds.





 It is currently illegal in Pennsylvania to lobby on a contingency-fee basis for
the passage of legislation or an amendment, the adoption of regulations, etc.
However, current law does not prohibit lobbying for contingency fees when a
grant, loan, or other form of funding is sought from the Commonwealth.



 Research from the National Conference of State Legislatures reveals that 43
states prohibit the practice of contingency-fee lobbying - and that most states
prohibit contingency-fee lobbying for both legislative and executive action,
including grants, loans, and other forms of funding.



 NCSL also notes that "Federal regulations governing contractors who lobby for
government contracts specifically prohibit contingency fees on the grounds that
they may induce lobbyists to exert 'improper influence' on public officials, in
other words, inducing someone to act on any basis other than the merits of the
matter."



 Please join me by co-sponsoring this important piece of legislation.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 12, 2007 Monday

Districts' cash pool beefs up lobbying: School officials seeking more clout

BYLINE: Andrea Falkenhagen, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 634 words


Feb. 12--East Valley school districts are spending tens of thousands of dollars
to lobby the Legislature this year, in hope the lawmakers will send more of the
state's precious funding their way.

The Mesa Unified School District, the state's largest district, has budgeted up
to $45,000 to spend on lobbying by Jaime Molera, a former state superintendent
of public instruction. The district hired Molera, in part, to work with
lawmakers on issues related to Career Ladder, a performance pay plan that is a
large piece of how the district pays its teachers, he said.

Molera said he also is working to make sure there is funding to hire more
teachers if the state Board of Education decides to require more math and
science credits for high school graduation.

While Mesa flies solo when it comes to lobbying efforts, other East Valley
districts have increasingly joined together, pooling resources -- and clout --
when it comes to wooing lawmakers.

"If you're a lobbyist and you're looking around ... these contracts are not big
contracts," said Mike Smith, a lobbyist for the Arizona School Administrators
Association. "But these consortiums bring the money to a threshold that says (to
lobbyists) 'Hey, it's worth it to me.'"

The Scottsdale Unified School District, for example, spent $10,000 this year to
join with nine other districts to hire a lobbyist. By pooling their money, the
districts were able to free up some $70,000 to hire Public Policy Partners, a
lobbying group, said Dave Peterson, district chief of finance and facilities.

They're lobbying for funding for utilities and facilities and a professional
growth program for teachers.

The Apache Junction, Chandler and Gilbert unified school districts joined the
same group.

In addition, the Chandler district also hired its own lobbyist to deal with
Chandler-specific issues. In all, Chandler is spending nearly $35,000 on
lobbying, said district chief financial officer Joel Wirth.

With increased lobbying, however, comes the possibility that districts will end
up lobbying against one another.

Last year, for example, one West Valley group pushed for legislation that would
have benefited its districts, but spelled disaster for the Mesa district, Smith
said.

"What it really came down to was lobbying styles and how you perceive your role
as a lobbyist," he said. "I represent my client right to the edge of the cliff,
because that's what they hired me for -- or, to the greater good."

This year, he said the statewide organizations spoke with districts, pleading
with them to coordinate efforts.

It's paid off, he said, and this session the lobbying efforts have largely
avoided the conflicts that arose last year.

Some observers, however, believe school lobbying is a waste, no matter how it's
done, because it uses taxpayer money.

"It's reasonable for citizens to say, 'I see how that's benefiting me,' but
that's really a short-term gain," said Ben Barr of the Goldwater Institute. "
Lobbying by one group then encourages lobbying by more, and it drives spending
up."

He also believes districts spend more on lobbying than they report because
administrators often spend time lobbying for specific issues.

Barr said he'd like to see a move to stop all tax-funded lobbying.

Still, supporters say school districts are so large, they need someone to
advocate for them. For example, the Mesa school district employs nearly 11,000
full-time and part-time employees and manages a $570 million budget.

--

CONTACT WRITER:

(480) 898-5635

or afalkenhagen@aztrib.com

Copyright (c) 2007, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070212-MZ-0212-Districts-cash-pool-beefs-up-lobbying

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2007 East Valley Tribune


                              609 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 15, 2011 Saturday

Restaurants lobbying to accept food stamps

BYLINE: Abbey Doyle, The Herald Bulletin, Anderson, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 838 words


Oct. 15--ANDERSON, Ind. -- More than 10,000 households and 22,000 people in
Madison County receive food stamps. But of the nearly $3 million spent monthly
in the county, only a small percentage of that is being spent by the homeless,
elderly or disabled -- the populations that restaurants are lobbying be allowed
to spend those federal dollars at their establishments.

Lois Rockhill, executive director of Second Harvest Food Bank of East Central
Indiana, said the proposed change would be helpful for those populations.

"When you think of the elderly, giving them the option of going to a restaurant
would allow them to stay independent longer," she said. "And for the homeless,
they have no means of preparing food for themselves. Why not go to a restaurant
for a hot meal? The only other options that exist are going to soup kitchens or
a mission. This increases their ability to handle their own life better."

Rockhill said food stamp recipients who are disabled would also benefit from the
proposed change.

"The argument against it is about obesity and nutrition issues," she said. "We
all face those concerns and make our choices. I don't want to say that just
because people have the option to go to a restaurant they are making a bad
choice. We don't know what they are going to order, how often they are going to
eat it."

Federal law prohibits food stamps to be used on prepared foods. But a provision
put on the books in the 1970s allows restaurants to serve the three specialized
populations and be paid with food stamps. Although the provision is there, most
states don't allow it. Four -- Arizona, California, Florida and Michigan -- do
allow restaurants to accept the benefits from the USDA's Supplemental Nutrition
Assistance Program (SNAP).

And restaurants are lobbying for more states to do the same.

"It makes perfect sense to expand a program that's working well in California,
Arizona and Michigan, enabling the homeless, elderly and disabled to purchase
prepared meals with SNAP benefits in a restaurant environment," Yum! spokesman
Jonathan Blum told USA Today.

Some have raised nutritional concerns about the federal benefits being used at
fast food restaurants like those operated under the Yum! Brand, such as Taco
Bell, KFC, Long John Silver's and Pizza Hut.

"We want food stamp users to buy the most nutritionally adequate food," said
Jenny Martin, nutrition coordinator at Community Hospital Anderson.

"The foods that tend to be cheaper and on sale are often the less healthy
options. The goal with the food stamp program should always be to stretch the
dollar to fit within the budget to last the whole month."

Eating out doesn't have to be unhealthy, she said, although the healthy options
are often the most expensive.

"The food stamp dollar is not going to go as far," Martin said. "Instead, you
can buy a bag of potatoes for $3 or $4 and it would last you the whole month.
You can do the same thing with apples and you have fruit servings that will last
a lot longer."

Martin said those using food stamps should be looking for non-convenience items
that can be used for many recipes as opposed to something more expensive that
will last for just one meal.

Another barrier from healthy foods for many food stamp recipients is what Martin
calls food deserts. Many of those receiving SNAP benefits don't have reliable
transportation and can't drive to a grocery store; instead they must shop at
convenience stores that do accept food stamps but don't offer many healthy
options and are much more costly.

Ken Adkins, president and CEO of LifeStream Services, said that a big part of
overall health for older adults is not only nutrition but the ability for them
to socialize.

"If a person can be out and in a restaurant with other people, that is going to
impact them in a very positive fashion," Adkins said. "For older adults, I feel
very strongly that this  is a very good idea. It will impact them in a very
positive fashion."

As far as nutritional concerns, Adkins said that isn't of the utmost priority
for elderly adults.

"If I'm 85 years old and I want ice cream for dinner, you aren't going to keep
me from eating it," he said. "If you don't like the way I eat at a restaurant,
you probably won't like the way I shop. I'm not sure what difference it makes at
85."

And for elderly adults living alone to get to a grocery store, walk through the
store to buy groceries and go home and cook a meal may not even be a
possibility. With this program, at least those adults would have feasible
options for hot meals, Adkins said.

"Just because you are on food stamps doesn't mean you should be forced to eat
different than the rest of the country," he said. "How many Americans don't eat
right? Just because you are 85 and have a limited income doesn't mean you should
live your life differently."

Contact Abbey Doyle:  640-4805, abbey.doyle@heraldbulletin.com

___ (c)2011 The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Ind.) Visit The Herald Bulletin
(Anderson, Ind.) at www.theheraldbulletin.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111015-HU-Restaurants-lobbying-to-accept-food-stamps-20111015

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HU


                       Copyright 2011 The Herald Bulletin


                              610 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            October 13, 2014, Monday

Morrisey had ties to drug firm in investigation;
State agencies surprised by AG seeking outside lawyer bids

BYLINE: Eric Eyre, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 1402 words


West Virginia Attorney General Patrick Morrisey is investigating the nation's
largest prescription drug distributor, McKesson Corp., a company that's a major
player in a trade association that Morrisey lobbied for in Washington, D.C.

Morrisey alleges that San Francisco-based McKesson flooded West Virginia
pharmacies with pain pills, helping to fuel the state's "drug epidemic,
according to court filings.

Morrisey recently solicited bids from outside lawyers to help with the
investigation - a move that surprised officials with two state agencies that
have repeatedly asked Morrisey in recent months to add McKesson as a defendant
in an existing lawsuit against a dozen other U.S. prescription drug
distributors.

Morrisey has resisted the request, ensuring that he retains control of the
McKesson investigation. He'll call the shots on whether to sue McKesson - or
settle the case before it goes to court.

Before taking office in 2013, Morrisey spent two years lobbying for the
Healthcare Distribution Management Association (HDMA), an Arlington,
Virginia-based trade group that represents McKesson and other drug wholesalers.

Morrisey's lobbying work generated $250,000 for his Washington, D.C., law firm,
King & Spalding, according to federal lobbying disclosure forms. Mark Walchirk,
president of McKesson's U.S. pharmaceutical unit, sits on HDMA's board of
directors and eight-member executive committee.

HDMA hired Morrisey in 2010 after it merged with Specialty & Biotech
Distributors Association, a group that Morrisey headed. That trade group had six
members, including McKesson subsidiary U.S. Oncology Network, whose political
action committee gave $2,000 to Morrisey's campaign in 2012.

Morrisey already faces an ethics complaint over his ties to the trade groups and
drug distributors. The complaint filed on Sept. 26 with the West Virginia Lawyer
Disciplinary Board - alleges Morrisey has an "incurable conflict of interest.

Morrisey refused to comment on the McKesson investigation last week.

No action on request to sue drug distributor

In a newspaper commentary published a year ago, Morrisey revealed he started
talking to McKesson representatives about "prescription drug strategies in the
summer of 2013.

Morrisey assigned Assistant Attorney General Maryclaire Akers, a former Kanawha
County assistant prosecutor, to lead the McKesson investigation.

On March 14, Akers sent an investigative subpoena to McKesson's headquarters in
downtown San Francisco.

The subpoena directed McKesson to turn over records that detailed all narcotic
drug shipments to West Virginia pharmacies since 2009. Akers also told McKesson
to disclose any documents showing suspicious drug orders. Morrisey gave McKesson
until April 15 to hand over the records.

McKesson never responded to the subpoena.

On Aug. 20, lawyers with the state Department of Military Affairs and Public
Safety asked Morrisey's permission to sue McKesson - along with 12 other
prescription drug distributors previously named in a lawsuit filed in Boone
County by former attorney general Darrell McGraw in 2012. DHHR officials put in
the same request to Morrisey. At the time, the state agencies didn't know
Morrisey's office had filed a subpoena for McKesson's records.

As of last week, Morrisey hadn't agreed to add McKesson to the existing lawsuit,
or given a reason for not doing so, according to state officials.

"So far, the department has received no written reply, said military affairs
spokesman Lawrence Messina in an email. "The request [to add McKesson to the
lawsuit] reflects the department's goal of including all appropriate parties in
this litigation.

McGraw's lawsuit - inherited by Morrisey - alleges that the drug wholesalers
contributed to Southern West Virginia's prescription drug problem by shipping
excessive quantities of pain pills to the region. Morrisey's investigation into
McKesson's distribution practices makes the same accusation.

McGraw's office didn't include McKesson as a defendant in the 2012 lawsuit, a
major oversight. McKesson is one of the largest distributors of prescription
narcotics in West Virginia.

"DHHR believes McKesson is an appropriate party to be added to the lawsuit, said
DHHR spokeswoman Allison Adler.

Morrisey yanks McKesson bid posting from website

In September, the Gazette started asking questions about why Morrisey had
declined to answer DHHR's and the Department of Military Affair's request to sue
McKesson.

Three days later, Akers filed a petition in Kanawha Circuit Court, asking a
judge to force McKesson to comply with the subpoena - five months after sending
the subpoena to McKesson's headquarters. To support the petition, Akers attached
a MetroNews website story about Bridgeport's former mayor, Mario Blunt, who
resigned in disgrace after pleading guilty to writing fraudulent prescriptions
for painkillers. Blunt was a pharmacist at a drugstore that received pain-pill
shipments from McKesson, the petition alleges.

Less than an hour after filing the case, Morrisey's office posted an ad on the
agency's website, soliciting assistance for an investigation of McKesson and
"possibly other corporations.

The "request for proposal gave law firms only 10 days to respond. The request
didn't include a "written determination explaining the reasons for hiring
outside lawyers. Morrisey's "outside counsel policy requires the written
explanations.

Morrisey named the McKesson investigation bid request "RFP #016, the same number
assigned to a January request for outside lawyers to help with an investigation
of "deceptive ads and price-fixing involving pharmaceuticals and violations of
healthcare regulations.

Morrisey's office removed the website posting about McKesson Thursday, a day
after the Gazette filed a Freedom of Information Act request with Morrisey
seeking information about the McKesson bids.

Morrisey's office posted a written explanation for why it needed help with the
price-fixing investigation in December. That post remains on the website.

The deadline for the price-fixing work was Jan. 7, but the attorney general's
office apparently extended the deadline to Oct. 3, the last day for outside
lawyers to submit bids for the McKesson investigation.

"As a matter of practice, the Office of Attorney General does not issue a new
written determination when circumstances warrant the extension of a request for
proposals deadline, said Morrisey spokeswoman Beth Ryan.

McKesson initially unaware of investigation

McKesson spokeswoman Kristin Hunter initially said the company was unaware of
Morrisey's investigation, even though postal records show the subpoena was
delivered to McKesson's headquarters in March.

"McKesson Corp. has no record of being served with a subpoena for records by the
West Virginia attorney general, Hunter said in a statement. "McKesson has also
not been served with any petition to enforce a subpoena, so it cannot comment on
any relief requested by the attorney general.

Hunter issued a new statement after the Gazette sent her a copy of Morrisey's
investigative subpoena and petition in circuit court.

"Now that McKesson is aware of the subpoena and related documents, we have been
in contact with the West Virginia attorney general's office and are working with
his staff to determine what information and documents McKesson will be
providing, Hunter said.

The case has been assigned to Kanawha Circuit Judge Jennifer Bailey, who has
scheduled a Nov. 20 hearing.

In 2012, McKesson Corp. paid $151 million to 29 states, including West Virginia,
to settle a lawsuit alleging the company inflated prices of hundreds of
prescription drugs, causing state Medicaid programs to overpay millions of
dollars in reimbursement. An investigation by state and federal agencies found
that McKesson overbilled for more than 1,400 brand-name drugs from 2001 to 2009.

In August, McKesson agreed to pay $18 million to settle a case over temperature
monitors used to ship vaccines under a contract with the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention.

The Gazette recently sued Morrisey for refusing to release documents about his
office's role in a lawsuit against Cardinal Health, the nation's second largest
drug distributor. Morrisey's wife, Denise Henry, is a longtime lobbyist for
Cardinal Health in Washington. Morrisey called the newspaper's suit "meritless
and "a waste of the court's time.

Reach Eric Eyre at ericeyre@wvgazette.com, 304-348-4869 or follow @ericeyre on
Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              611 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                                 July 12, 2010

On Deadline

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 1 Vol. 14 No. 28

LENGTH: 271  words


CUNA Adds Lobbying MuscleTo Push For MBL Cap Increase

WASHINGTON-As final votes were being assembled on the small business lending
bill before Congress, which could raise the member business loan cap to as much
as 27.5% from the current 12.25% for credit unions, CUNA hired a new outside
lobbying firm to help in the effort, Hecht Spencer & Associates. Timothy Hecht,
a former deputy political director for the first Bush White House, and Franklin
Phifer, a former aide to the House Ways and Means Committee, are lobbying for
the trade group.

Filene Seeking CU InputInto Interchange Survey

MADISON, Wis.-The Filene Research Institute has launched a study to determine
the effects the interchange reform on credit unions, and is asking CU execs to
participate in an online survey at
http://filene.org/blog/post/interchangesurvey. Deadline is July 16. The
resulting report, detailing both the changes to interchange and the broader
ramifications of the financial reform bill, will be available from the Filene
Research Institute this fall.

Fla. CU CEO Charged InConspiracy To Steal Funds

TALLAHASSEE, Fla.-The president of Florida A&M University FCU and a program
director at the university were charged last week in a federal indictment
alleging conspiracy to steal $134,000 of U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development funds. Eugene Telfair, the 57-year-old president of the $23- million
CU, and Robert Nixon, 45, director of FAMU's Institute on Urban Policy and
Commerce, were charged with conspiracy, theft from an organization receiving
federal funds and embezzlement of funds entrusted to a federally-insured credit
union.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                           October 10, 2007 Wednesday

Hunting Lobby Kills New American Airlines Gun Rule

BYLINE: Kate Ackley, ROLL CALL STAFF

SECTION: VESTED INTERESTS

LENGTH: 737 words


The Washington, D.C., lobbying office of American Airlines is accustomed to
calling on Congress to try to get what it wants out of the federal government.

But in a recent role reversal, Congress and a collection of gun-toting lobbyists
came calling on American, lobbying the company to reverse a new gun policy it
put in place for civilian air passengers.

Although no governmental rules or laws were involved, two lobbying
organizations, the National Rifle Association and Safari Club International,
mobilized late last month when their members complained of a new corporate
policy by American Airlines that would have banned civilian guns from checked
luggage on American Airlines flights landing in Europe and Asia.

The ban, which began on Sept. 24, also would have hit African safari hunters
because American Airlines planes routinely stop in Europe on the way to that
continent.

The National Rifle Association and Safari Club International enlisted the help
of Ogilvy Government Relations, including GOP lobbyist John Green, an avid
hunter and longtime NRA lobbyist.

Merle Shepard, chairman of the government affairs committee for Safari Club
International, said the lobbyists -- and scores of miffed hunters -- in turn put
pressure on Members of Congress from Texas, where American Airlines is based.

These included GOP Sens. John Cornyn and Kay Bailey Hutchison and Reps. Pete
Sessions and Kay Granger.

The sportsmen also contacted American Airlines directly, as did at least one
Member of Congress; Sessions' communications director Emily Davis said her boss
called William Ris, American Airlines senior vice president of government
affairs. Sessions, Davis said, called after hearing from people with the Dallas
Safari Club, the NRA and Safari Club International.

"It was a very cordial conversation," Davis said. "American Airlines certainly
recognized the importance of the issue."

Not only that, but American Airlines decided to reverse its rule, thus allowing
hunters to check their guns on all flights to Asia and Europe, except the United
Kingdom, explained Tim Wagner, the Fort Worth, Texas-based spokesman for
American Airlines.

Wagner said a number of American Airlines employees -- including Ris and Kevin
Cox, the airline's vice president of corporate affairs -- were involved in
working with the NRA and SCI members. Ris could not be reached for comment by
deadline.

Lobbyists who worked the issue from the hunters' side said the American
Airlines' Washington, D.C., and Texas offices handled the matter
sympathetically.

Although American Airlines still won't allow hunters to check their guns if
they're flying to or through the United Kingdom, one lobbyist working on the
matter said there is a meeting planned this week with NRA, SCI and UK officials.

The no-civilian gun policy came about in the first place because American
Airlines was concerned it would be prohibited from transporting any firearms --
including those for military personnel -- because of strict guidelines, fines
and "onerous policies" in the United Kingdom, Wagner said, adding that the
airline in some cases already had paid British fines. Besides, he said, UK
officials "were threatening that we couldn't transport military firearms.

"We heard a lot from our customers, and our interaction with the NRA and SCI is
what led us to modify our policy," Wagner added.

Chris Cox, the chief lobbyist for the NRA, said it is common for hunters to fly
to and through Europe and Asia for big hunting excursions. Cox himself said he
recently returned from a hunting expedition in Botswana, catching a connecting
flight to the African country through Frankfurt, Germany.

"We're working proactively with our friends on Capitol Hill and the sporting
community," said Cox. "It's still an ongoing issue, as other airlines have
similar problems in England or other areas. This is something that's going to
very seriously impact hunting in their country and others."

The NRA and SCI lobbyists said they were notified late in the process, after the
policy already was going into effect -- something their members found troubling.

"This happened during a big rush of hunting season," said Sheppard of the SCI.
He added that in most cases of a sweeping airline change to its firearms policy,
an airline will alert such groups as the NRA and SCI. In this case, American
Airlines did not, he said. "So we had people at the airports concerned that they
couldn't take their guns."

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Roll Call, Inc.


                              613 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                           October 10, 2007 Wednesday

Hunting Lobby Kills New American Airlines Gun Rule

BYLINE: Kate Ackley, ROLL CALL STAFF

LENGTH: 737 words


The Washington, D.C., lobbying office of American Airlines is accustomed to
calling on Congress to try to get what it wants out of the federal government.

But in a recent role reversal, Congress and a collection of gun-toting lobbyists
came calling on American, lobbying the company to reverse a new gun policy it
put in place for civilian air passengers.

Although no governmental rules or laws were involved, two lobbying
organizations, the National Rifle Association and Safari Club International,
mobilized late last month when their members complained of a new corporate
policy by American Airlines that would have banned civilian guns from checked
luggage on American Airlines flights landing in Europe and Asia.

The ban, which began on Sept. 24, also would have hit African safari hunters
because American Airlines planes routinely stop in Europe on the way to that
continent.

The National Rifle Association and Safari Club International enlisted the help
of Ogilvy Government Relations, including GOP lobbyist John Green, an avid
hunter and longtime NRA lobbyist.

Merle Shepard, chairman of the government affairs committee for Safari Club
International, said the lobbyists -- and scores of miffed hunters -- in turn put
pressure on Members of Congress from Texas, where American Airlines is based.

These included GOP Sens. John Cornyn and Kay Bailey Hutchison and Reps. Pete
Sessions and Kay Granger.

The sportsmen also contacted American Airlines directly, as did at least one
Member of Congress; Sessions' communications director Emily Davis said her boss
called William Ris, American Airlines senior vice president of government
affairs. Sessions, Davis said, called after hearing from people with the Dallas
Safari Club, the NRA and Safari Club International.

"It was a very cordial conversation," Davis said. "American Airlines certainly
recognized the importance of the issue."

Not only that, but American Airlines decided to reverse its rule, thus allowing
hunters to check their guns on all flights to Asia and Europe, except the United
Kingdom, explained Tim Wagner, the Fort Worth, Texas-based spokesman for
American Airlines.

Wagner said a number of American Airlines employees -- including Ris and Kevin
Cox, the airline's vice president of corporate affairs -- were involved in
working with the NRA and SCI members. Ris could not be reached for comment by
deadline.

Lobbyists who worked the issue from the hunters' side said the American
Airlines' Washington, D.C., and Texas offices handled the matter
sympathetically.

Although American Airlines still won't allow hunters to check their guns if
they're flying to or through the United Kingdom, one lobbyist working on the
matter said there is a meeting planned this week with NRA, SCI and UK officials.

The no-civilian gun policy came about in the first place because American
Airlines was concerned it would be prohibited from transporting any firearms --
including those for military personnel -- because of strict guidelines, fines
and "onerous policies" in the United Kingdom, Wagner said, adding that the
airline in some cases already had paid British fines. Besides, he said, UK
officials "were threatening that we couldn't transport military firearms.

"We heard a lot from our customers, and our interaction with the NRA and SCI is
what led us to modify our policy," Wagner added.

Chris Cox, the chief lobbyist for the NRA, said it is common for hunters to fly
to and through Europe and Asia for big hunting excursions. Cox himself said he
recently returned from a hunting expedition in Botswana, catching a connecting
flight to the African country through Frankfurt, Germany.

"We're working proactively with our friends on Capitol Hill and the sporting
community," said Cox. "It's still an ongoing issue, as other airlines have
similar problems in England or other areas. This is something that's going to
very seriously impact hunting in their country and others."

The NRA and SCI lobbyists said they were notified late in the process, after the
policy already was going into effect -- something their members found troubling.

"This happened during a big rush of hunting season," said Sheppard of the SCI.
He added that in most cases of a sweeping airline change to its firearms policy,
an airline will alert such groups as the NRA and SCI. In this case, American
Airlines did not, he said. "So we had people at the airports concerned that they
couldn't take their guns."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Roll Call, Inc.


                              614 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                            October 26, 2009 Monday

Young Firms Hit K St. SceneTech-Savvy Set Ups Its Spending

BYLINE: Bennett Roth, ROLL CALL STAFF

SECTION: VESTED INTERESTS

LENGTH: 1118 words


As computer-savvy Americans have grown accustomed to routinely checking their
Facebook pages, this year the online social-networking venture decided to give
serious face time to Members of Congress and their staffs.

In May, the Silicon Valley-based company registered a federal lobbyist and has
since spent almost $170,000 trying to convince lawmakers not to meddle with the
Internet.

With its debut into the world of Washington lobbying, Facebook joins other young
companies who cater to the hip Web-surfing generation and who have found that
roaming the halls of Congress is healthy for their businesses.

While still vastly outspent by the old-line pharmaceutical, oil, insurance and
financial companies, many of these less traditional outfits are pouring more
bucks into lobbying. Web-based companies, including Amazon.com, Yahoo, Google,
eBay, Expedia and GoDaddy.com, all spent more on lobbying in the third quarter
of this year than they did in the first or second quarters, according to
disclosure reports filed with Congress last week.

On behalf of those who can't make it to Vegas, the Poker Players Alliance
shelled out almost $1.3 million so far this year to lobby for easing curbs on
Internet gambling.

Other companies that are more associated with the latte-sipping set than the
steak-eating, cigar-chomping lobbying stereotype are also working Capitol Hill.

Seattle-based Starbucks has spent $330,000 on lobbying so far this year on
issues such as import duty reductions and food labeling. National Public Radio,
in search of more federal dollars, dished out more than $317,000 for lobbying in
the first three quarters of the year.

Even as many of these players have linked up with the much-maligned profession
of lobbying, Facebook's recently hired chief lobbyist stressed that his job was
not to nab earmarks or grab a federal grant.

"What I am doing is explaining what this free service is," said Timothy
Sparapani, who was recruited by Facebook from the American Civil Liberties
Union. "This is a very white-hat lobbying position to be in."

Many companies are clearly increasing their presence on Capitol Hill because
they are worried about efforts to control Web content.

But a number, including Starbucks and Google, also are championing causes such
as climate control and health care reform legislation, which appeal to their
environmentally and socially conscious customers and employees.

"There's an increasing number of issues that are being debated in Washington
that affect our users," said Mistique Cano, a spokeswoman for Google, which is
based in Mountain View, Calif. The company, which first registered an in-house
lobbyist in 2007, spent $1.08 million on lobbying in the third quarter of this
year, a $130,000 jump from the second quarter and a $200,000 bump from what it
spent in the first three months.

The search engine giant has also employed well-connected help. One of its
in-house lobbyists, Pablo Chavez, previously worked for Sen. John McCain
(R-Ariz.), the former presidential contender and past chairman of the Commerce,
Science and Transportation Committee. Another staff lobbyist, Seth Webb, was a
top aide to the House Republican Conference. To handle energy issues the company
also recently hired Harry Wingo, who had worked for the Senate Commerce
Committee.

Earlier this month, Google brought on net neutrality expert Frannie Wellings,
most recently a telecom adviser to Sen. Byron Dorgan (D-N.D.) on the Commerce
Committee.

The company also retains a number of outside firms with strong Democratic ties,
including the Podesta Group.

Google's chief executive, Eric Schmidt, is a frequent flier to Washington, D.C.,
where he is backing efforts by the Federal Communications Commission to devise
rules on net neutrality. Those rules would prevent Internet providers from
deciding what content to pass on to their customers. Despite Google's increased
presence in Washington, Schmidt has voiced wariness of what might happen here.

Doug Pinkham, president of the Public Affairs Council, said that many new
ventures' initial approach to lobbying is to "dip your feet in the water" by
working with professional or trade associations that already have contacts in
Washington.

But after a while, he said, these companies see it as more cost-effective to
open their own offices in the nation's capital.

Pinkham added that many of these younger companies learned their lesson from
Microsoft, which for years ignored Washington and then found itself the target
of an antitrust action by the Justice Department.

GoDaddy.com, which sells Internet domains, opened an office in D.C. four years
ago because the Arizona company wanted to familiarize lawmakers with what it
did.

Martha Johnston, GoDaddy.com's director of government relations, said most
people only knew of the company because of its racy Super Bowl ads.

She said the company's provocative name did initially open doors on Capitol
Hill.

"How can you pass up a meeting with someone named GoDaddy?" she said. "It gets a
smile on the face and they say, 'What is GoDaddy?' "

Johnston, who previously worked for the Federal Communications Commission, said
the company has sought to counter the notion that companies such as hers allow
pornography on the Internet and backed legislation that helps the Department of
Justice fight Internet child pornography. In the third quarter of this year,
GoDaddy.com spent $194,000 on lobbying, up from $179,000 in the second quarter
and $165,000 in the first quarter.

There have been increasing rumblings in Congress about online privacy issues.
Rep. Rick Boucher (D-Va.), chairman of the House Energy and Commerce
Subcommittee on Communications, Technology and the Internet, recently solicited
input from Google, Yahoo and Facebook about ways to safeguard users' privacy.

But Sparapani said that the privacy complaints are anecdotal. While Facebook was
originally the domain of the young, the lobbyist said that even veteran
lawmakers in Congress are now clicking onto the popular social network. He
predicted during the midterm elections next year, many will have campaign
Facebook pages.

"You'd be shocked," he said. "It really has permeated the consciousness of
Congress."

Facebook's Washington office now consists of Sparapani, another staffer and an
intern. However, Sparapani said it was inevitable that the lobbying staff would
increase.

At the same time he suggested that Facebook could doom much of the lobbying
profession as the public and various groups become more comfortable
communicating with their lawmakers directly through the online social network.

"An individual citizen can use Facebook to engage in conversation with people in
government," he said. "You may no longer need a lobbyist."

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 Roll Call, Inc.


                              615 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 4, 2003 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Brief Unity Turns to Discord In Feud Over Lobbying Laws

BYLINE:  By AL BAKER

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 653 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Dec. 3


A meeting of the State Lobbying Commission degenerated Wednesday into a tense
exchange between the executive director and aides to Attorney General Eliot
Spitzer, who have been feuding over several issues involving the hip-hop
impresario Russell Simmons.

The commission, formally the Temporary State Commission on Lobbying, which is
represented by the attorney general's office, has had a disagreement over
application of the lobbying laws and strategy in responding to a lawsuit brought
by a group that includes Mr. Simmons.

On Wednesday both sides appeared at the meeting of the commission and tried to
present a united front, saying they had a positive development to report. A
lawyer for the Coalition for Fairness, a group that includes Mr. Simmons and
others who have been trying to soften the state's Rockefeller-era drug laws,
said his clients were ready to cooperate with an inquiry by the Lobbying
Commission over whether they had acted as lobbyists.

But even before a celebration of the agreement could begin, Mr. Spitzer's
surrogates were arguing with David M. Grandeau, the lobbying commission's
executive director, over whether they had agreed to debate their differences on
another day.

At the end of the day, the pledge made by James D. Featherstonhaugh, the
Coalition for Fairness's lawyer, at the lobbying panel's meeting seemed to
stand: Mr. Simmons and other advocates would provide information to the lobbying
commission and agree to drop, at least for now, their threat to sue the
commission in state court over what they call violations of their free speech.

Relations between Mr. Grandeau and Mr. Spitzer's office, however, remained
frayed. "Our next step would have to be reaching the commission's members to try
to get past this continued attack on our office by Mr. Grandeau," Darren Dopp,
who is Mr. Spitzer's chief spokesman, said after the two sides squared off at
the 3 p.m. meeting in the lobbying commission's offices.

"It's not the kind of relationship we want," Mr. Dopp said, "and it can't be the
kind of relationship the commission wants; it's unprofessional."

Mr. Grandeau was still insisting on Wednesday that as lawyers for the state, Mr.
Spitzer's office had not been vigorously representing the commission's legal
position and had undermined his efforts to define lobbying as broadly as
possible. He also repeated his call that the attorney general's office step
aside and allow him to hire outside counsel.

"My understanding is the attorney general's office has to send you a letter
saying that they have conflict," Mr. Grandeau said when asked about the process
for engaging outside counsel. "They won't do it."

Before the meeting, Bruce B. McHale, an assistant attorney general, and Richard
Rifkin, a deputy attorney general for state counsel, had planned to ask to meet
with the lobbying commission's six panelists in a closed session to speak about
their concerns over Mr. Grandeau's litigation strategy in several continuing
matters.

Officials in the attorney general's office had become concerned that Mr.
Grandeau's airing of his legal views on a suit brought in federal court in July
by Mr. Simmons and Dr. Benjamin F. Chavis Jr., the former executive director of
the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, might undermine
the commission's ability to enforce state lobbying rules.

But Mr. Grandeau was poised to fight any effort by Mr. Spitzer's office to meet
behind closed doors. He said the attorney general's office, by going straight to
the lobbying commissioners, would have tainted the lobbying inquiry because the
commissioners serve as judges in lobbying hearings.

At the meeting, Mr. Featherstonhaugh had announced his clients' intention to
resolve the matter, perhaps by the end of January.

"The coalition would like to get the focus off the lobbying commission and back
on the issue of the Rockefeller drug laws," Mr. Featherstonhaugh said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: David M. Grandeau opposed state lawyers yesterday in a renewal
of a lobbying feud. (Photo by Stewart Cairns for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              616 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               New Jersey Lawyer

                               September 24, 2007

State Bar achieves ELEC lobbying victory

SECTION: NJSBA REPORT Vol. 16, No. 39; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 914 words


Following is a summary of actions taken at the Sept. 6, 2007, meeting of the New
Jersey State Bar Association Board of Trustees at the New Jersey Law Center in
New Brunswick.  This summary does not constitute official minutes.

New Trustee -- Nominating Committee Recommendation

Michael J. Stanton of Norris McLaughlin and Marcus, PA was sworn in as
section/committee trustee following approval by the board of trustees of the
Nominating Committee recommendation to name Mr. Stanton to the position.  He
replaces Anthony Picheca Jr., who was appointed to the superior court.

Law School Orientations

President Lynn Fontaine Newsome participated in the orientation program for
incoming students at Rutgers Law School in Newark by administering the oath of
professionalism and meeting with students on Aug. 20.  On Friday, Aug. 17, NJSBA
President-Elect Peggy Sheahan Knee participated in the law school orientation at
Seton Hall University Law School, and on Sunday, Aug. 19, First Vice President
Allen Etish was at Rutgers Law School-Camden.

ELEC Regulations

The NJSBA achieved a victory regarding proposed Election Law Enforcement
Commission (ELEC) lobbying regulations on Aug. 6.  Through the advocacy efforts
of Wayne Positan, Paul Josephson and John Spinello, including testimony and
preparing repeated comment submissions, ELEC relented on adopting a proposed
rule change that could have required many lawyers to register as lobbyists.  In
2004, the Lobbying Act expanded the scope of reportable lobbying activity to
include lobbying concerning "governmental processes," also known as
"administrative lobbying." The amendments to the law exempted from "governmental
processes," any matters within the attorney-client privilege and matters
concerning collective negotiations.  In 2005, ELEC adopted an exemption from the
scope of lobbying reporting for certain activity by an attorney representing a
client.  The exemption excluded "any communication by an attorney representing a
client in the regular course of a routine litigation or administrative
proceeding with the State or in the course of a quasi-judicial civil or
administrative proceeding with the State . . . ." The effect could have been to
include actions the NJSBA felt constituted routine conduct of the practice of
law as administrative lobbying.

Honoring Ethics Volunteers

The Office of Attorney Ethics will hold two ceremonies to honor volunteers
serving in the attorney discipline system.  One event will be held at the
Marriott Glenpointe in Teaneck on Oct. 17 and the other at the War Memorial in
Trenton on Oct. 23.

Judicial Vacancies

There are presently 36 judicial vacancies.

Nominating Committee -- General Council

At the General Council Annual Meeting on Oct. 12, the council will select a
candidate to fill the vacancy on the Nominating Committee.  Four candidates have
qualified for the election: Craig Aronow of Middlesex County, Dennis Drasco of
Essex County, John Fiorello of Passaic County and Michael Stanton of Somerset
County.

Military Legal Assistance Program

The board approved recommendations from the Ad Hoc Committee on the Military
Legal Assistance Program to improve the program's ability to accomplish its
goals and retain its commitment that all legal services be provided on a pro
bono basis.  These include: allowing attorney participants to, as a last resort,
pass on expenses to clients so long as clients are advised of this at the outset
of the representation; revising the pledge so attorneys are not precluded from
future representation of the client based on pro bono representation through the
program; pursuing efforts with the Supreme Court to establish a new class of
filing-fee forgiveness in cases involving active duty and reservist military
personnel who have been deployed in either the Iraq or Afghanistan theaters of
combat; performing additional research in the area of providing legal assistance
on military benefits issues such as medical evaluation board representation;
developing advertisements promoting members for their efforts in the program;
holding meetings with law school clinics regarding their ability to provide
assistance; and contacting other bar associations on similar issues.

Bylaws Committee

The board approved that the committee move forward with the bylaws project,
whereby all section bylaws will be reviewed, in cooperation with the sections,
so the section bylaws conform to recent NJSBA bylaw revisions.

Volunteers for District Ethics Committees

The Supreme Court has approved a request from the Office of Attorney Ethics to
seek additional volunteers for certain district ethics committees, to help those
committees better handle their caseloads.  The Office of Attorney Ethics is
seeking qualified persons to serve on the district ethics committees, and also
is requesting assistance in identifying qualified persons to serve.  The
district ethics committees involved are in districts IV (Camden/Gloucester), VA
(Essex/Newark), VB (Suburban Essex), VC (West Essex), and X (Morris/Sussex).

NJSBA Employee Handbook -- Workers' Compensation Policy

The board approved an amendment to the NJSBA Employee Handbook to treat
employees on workers' compensation leave the same as employees on any other type
of disability leave, subject to the requirements and restrictions of workers'
compensation law.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2007 The New Jersey Lawyer, Inc.


                              617 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           March 28, 2001, Wednesday

LOBBYISTS EASE OFF SPENDING

BYLINE: KENNETH LOVETT Post Correspondent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 020

LENGTH: 252 words


ALBANY - For the first time, the army of lobbyists in New York spent less money
last year influencing state lawmakers than they had the previous year, a new
report shows.

At $66 million, lobbying expenses in 2000 were the second highest ever - behind
the $72 million spent in 1999, the state Lobbying Commission said.

Spending had swelled an incredible 31 percent in 1999, as health-care
organizations spent a combined $15 million on lobbying for revisions to a
subsidy program.

There was no hot-button issue last year that spurred a massive organized
campaign.

Empire Blue Cross and Blue Shield, which was seeking permission to become a
for-profit outfit, spent the most on lobbying - $1.19 million.

The state Medical Society, which unsuccessfully fought against a bill requiring
disclosure of more information about doctors, came in second at $1.1 million.

The lobbying industry has boomed since 1978, when $5.7 million was spent on
trying to influence lawmakers.

Lobbying Commission executive director David Grandeau said tactics have also
changed. Campaign-style efforts that include the use of expensive multimedia
ads, e-mails and opinion polling are becoming more common.

A coalition of government-reform groups used the release of the Lobbying
Commission report to call for an overhaul of the state's lobbying and
campaign-finance laws.

"Democracy should be about the exchange of ideas, not cash," said Rachel Leon,
executive director of the New York chapter of Common Cause.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2001 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              618 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            March 15, 2007 Thursday

Bat Maker Carried Big Wallet to the City Council

BYLINE: GRACE RAUH -, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 589 words


A Southern California-based baseball bat manufacturer, Easton Sports, spent more
than $134,000 lobbying the New York City Council to oppose a bill that would ban
nonwood bats from high school baseball games, according to the most recent
lobbyist reports filed with the city.

The council approved the baseball bat bill yesterday, and Speaker Christine
Quinn said she is confident there are sufficient votes to override a possible
veto from Mayor Bloomberg.

Easton, which sells metal and wooden baseball bats and claims to have produced
the first true aluminum bat, in 1969, likely spent even more money lobbying the
council over the past few months, as it became clear the bill was gaining
support and heading for a vote.

Easton's lobbying tab for the first few months of 2007 will be made public on
April 14. No other major baseball bat manufacturers are listed in the city's
lobbying records.

Easton paid a lobbyist from Detroit, David Ettinger, $68,772.50 to lobby the
council on the proposed bill in 2006, and paid him $17,845 in 2002 to lobby the
council on an earlier version of the same bill, according to reports filed with
the city clerk.

Mr. Ettinger lobbied council members Alan Gerson, Sara Gonzalez, Darlene Mealy,
Melissa Mark Viverito, Miguel Martinez, Dennis Gallagher, Ms. Quinn, the bill's
leading advocate, James Oddo, and their staff members in 2006, the report
states. He also lobbied Deputy Mayor for Economic Development and Rebuilding
Daniel Doctoroff, as well the director of the Mayor's Office of
Intergovernmental Affairs, Haeda Mihaltses.

Mr. Ettinger incurred $2,514.29 in expenses for his Easton work in 2006. He
spent $705.62 on photocopies and $150 for New York's lobby registration fee. He
spent $613.50 on support staff salaries and $1,045.17 on other expenses, but did
not list them.

Easton paid lobbyist Stanley Schlein $15,000 to lobby the council in 2006 on
"legislative issues" and reimbursed Mr. Schlein for $745 in expenses, according
to the lobbyist report.

It also paid Kasirer Consulting $24,999.99 to lobby the council in 2006 and
filed a report stating it spent $8,333 on its own efforts to lobby the council
last year.

Opponents to the ban hired a political communications firm, Knickerbocker SKD,
to fight the bill in the press.

"We are obviously disappointed with today's vote, but we applaud the council
members who recognized the facts and voted against this wrongheaded bill," a
vice president of Easton Sports, Jim Darby, said in a statement yesterday. "We
are hopeful that Mayor Bloomberg will also recognize that this ban will neither
enhance safety nor improve the game of baseball and veto this bill."

On its Web site, Easton showcases 13 different types of aluminum and composite
bats for young players and displays only one wooden bat for youth, made of
professional grade maple.

Baseballcorner.com, a Web site selling baseball equipment, sells a variety of
Easton bats ranging from a $49.99 wooden bat to Easton's $379.99 Stealth
Composite bat.

Mr. Oddo, who described his fight against baseball bat manufacturers as much
like the face-off between David and Goliath, said he expects the bill's
opponents would sue the city if the bill became law. He said the council has
worked hard to establish a record showing they have reason to ban the nonwooden
bats. Mr. Oddo and other supporters of the bill say metal bats are dangerous
because they propel baseballs faster and further than wood bats.

"It was a hard sell when you go up against big money," Mr. Oddo said. "It's
always a tough fight."

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              619 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             January 8, 2012 Sunday
                                National Edition

Disclosure Often Spotty Or Inaccurate

BYLINE: By FREDRIC N. TULSKY and JOHN SULLIVAN; Kristen McQueary contributed
reporting. Ms. McQueary covers state government for the Chicago News Cooperative
and the public radio station WBEZ.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Chicago ; CHICAGO NEWS COOPERATIVE;
Pg. 29A

LENGTH: 430 words


Public officials who are lobbyists routinely defend decisions to play both roles
by saying they disclose their relationships publicly, as the law requires.

But the disclosure rules and practices in Illinois leave room for lobbyists to
operate without public notice, leaving room for conflicts of interest, according
to statements of economic interests of public officials, lobbying registrations
filed with the City of Chicago, Cook County and the state, and records of state
bills and local ordinances examined by Medill Watchdog, a journalism program at
Northwestern University.

The investigation showed that the filings frequently are inaccurate. Both
lobbyists and their clients are required to disclose their lobbyist-client
relationships. In 242 instances, records show, lobbyists reported working for a
client but there was no corresponding registration by the client.

Lobbyists also do not have to detail all of the money they spend lobbying public
officials. Most lunches or other entertainment are reported, but other outlays
are not required to be disclosed. The nonpartisan watchdog group Common Cause
Illinois compared Illinois' filings to those in Pennsylvania and found that
Pennsylvania lobbyists reported $470 million in expenditures in 2009, compared
to only $1.3 million reported by Illinois lobbyists that year.

When lobbyists work as subcontractors to other lobbyists, as often happens, they
are not required to identify the ultimate beneficiary of their efforts. They are
required to report only the name of the lobbyist who hired them.

A result is a tangled web of connections.

The lobbying firm owned in part by Cook County Assessor Joseph Berrios, B-P
Consulting, listed 10 clients on its disclosure reports in 2010. B-P Consulting
also hired a lobbying firm owned by Brent Hassert, the former deputy minority
leader in the Illinois House. Mr. Hassert listed eight clients that were not
clients of Mr. Berrios. One of those clients was also a lobbying firm, Curry &
Associates, which listed 26 more clients, and had a contract with yet another
lobbying firm, Thomson Consulting, which had even more clients.

''There is no way of connecting the dots here, and that partly defeats the point
of having disclosure,'' said David Morrison, deputy director of the Illinois
Campaign for Political Reform. ''It's impossible in Illinois to figure out whom
lobbyists are representing.''

The stakes are raised, Mr. Morrison said, when the lobbyists are, like Mr.
Berrios, public officials, because voters cannot determine if their public acts
create conflicts with paying clients.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              620 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Knight-Ridder Tribune Business News

                                January 17, 2006

U.S. Senate candidate Brown proposes changes in federal lobbying laws.

BYLINE: Elizabeth Gudrais

LENGTH: 661 words



HIGHLIGHT: Matthew Brown


Jan. 17--With members of Congress floating competing proposals for lobbying
reform in Washington, Rhode Island Secretary of State Matthew Brown has his own.

Brown, who's also running for U.S. Senate, proposes requiring reports from
lobbyists each month, rather than twice a year, and making those filings public
online.

Brown would transfer responsibility for enforcement of lobbying laws to the
Justice Department, which already regulates foreign entities that lobby the U.S.
Congress. Currently, the clerk of the House and the secretary of the Senate
review domestic lobbyists' filings and refer violations to the U.S. Attorney for
the District of Columbia. Brown also advocates posting the names of violators,
including those who fail to file on time, online -- something he did for Rhode
Island in 2004.

Finally, Brown backs increasing the time lawmakers and their staffers must wait
before lobbying Congress from one year to two. Brown campaign spokesman Matt
Burgess said yesterday that Brown also supports extending the revolving-door ban
to two years here in Rhode Island. "That's something he is looking at for this
legislative session," Burgess said.

Brown, who faces former Attorney General Sheldon Whitehouse in a Democratic
primary for the U.S. Senate seat held by Lincoln D. Chafee, touts his lobbying
proposal in a new TV ad that started airing last week on network and cable
channels in Rhode Island.

The ad, created by the Washington advertising agency McWilliams, Robinson &
Partners, says Brown "fought the big drug companies to make prescription drugs
more affordable for senior citizens."

In 2004, Brown and five elderly Rhode Islanders took a bus trip to Canada with
the Alliance for Retired Americans. Brown said the seniors saved a total of
$1,400 on medications. He also maintains the site www.rimeds.com, offering "safe
prescription drugs at 35-60 percent savings from a network of 60 inspected and
approved pharmacies in Canada and the United Kingdom," using the site's own
words.

In the new ad -- whose cost Burgess declined to disclose -- Brown seeks to
extend his record on prescription drugs to lobbying. "As your senator, I'll
stand up to the Washington lobbyists and do what's right for Rhode Islanders,"
he says.

But, in his home state, reviews on his treatment of lobbying have been mixed.

In 2004, Brown advised lobbyists they no longer had to report money spent on
advertising to lobby for and against legislation. The General Assembly later
passed legislation to fix the problem.

Common Cause of Rhode Island faulted Brown for that interpretation of the law.
But Brown's camp contends he simply "identified a loophole and proposed changes
to fix that loophole," in Burgess' words.

Citing confusion over the new regulations, the General Assembly voted to delay
last year's due date for the session's first monthly lobbying report from the
March 15 until June, near the end of the legislative session. A new requirement
that lobbyists report "any expenditure, gift, or honorarium of $25 or more" to a
legislative or executive-branch official, coupled with a new definition of what
constitutes an expenditure, prompted worries that lobbyists might unwittingly
buy things from lawmaker-owned businesses and fail to report them. That rule,
promulgated by the secretary of state's office, was stricter than the $250
threshold in the General Laws, Common Cause executive director H. Philip West
Jr. said yesterday.

To avoid confusion this year, Brown has already sent lobbyists a notice
clarifying the reporting requirements, his director of communications, Peter
Kerwin, said yesterday.

To see more of the The Providence Journal, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.projo.com.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Providence Journal, R.I.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 4988372

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Fulltext

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Regional Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KNIRITRB

                        Copyright 2006 Gale Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                       Business and Management Practices
         Copyright 2006 provided by Knight-Ridder/Tribune Business News


                              621 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Knight-Ridder Tribune Business News

                                January 17, 2006

U.S. Senate candidate Brown proposes changes in federal lobbying laws.

BYLINE: Elizabeth Gudrais

LENGTH: 661 words



HIGHLIGHT: Matthew Brown


Jan. 17--With members of Congress floating competing proposals for lobbying
reform in Washington, Rhode Island Secretary of State Matthew Brown has his own.

Brown, who's also running for U.S. Senate, proposes requiring reports from
lobbyists each month, rather than twice a year, and making those filings public
online.

Brown would transfer responsibility for enforcement of lobbying laws to the
Justice Department, which already regulates foreign entities that lobby the U.S.
Congress. Currently, the clerk of the House and the secretary of the Senate
review domestic lobbyists' filings and refer violations to the U.S. Attorney for
the District of Columbia. Brown also advocates posting the names of violators,
including those who fail to file on time, online -- something he did for Rhode
Island in 2004.

Finally, Brown backs increasing the time lawmakers and their staffers must wait
before lobbying Congress from one year to two. Brown campaign spokesman Matt
Burgess said yesterday that Brown also supports extending the revolving-door ban
to two years here in Rhode Island. "That's something he is looking at for this
legislative session," Burgess said.

Brown, who faces former Attorney General Sheldon Whitehouse in a Democratic
primary for the U.S. Senate seat held by Lincoln D. Chafee, touts his lobbying
proposal in a new TV ad that started airing last week on network and cable
channels in Rhode Island.

The ad, created by the Washington advertising agency McWilliams, Robinson &
Partners, says Brown "fought the big drug companies to make prescription drugs
more affordable for senior citizens."

In 2004, Brown and five elderly Rhode Islanders took a bus trip to Canada with
the Alliance for Retired Americans. Brown said the seniors saved a total of
$1,400 on medications. He also maintains the site www.rimeds.com, offering "safe
prescription drugs at 35-60 percent savings from a network of 60 inspected and
approved pharmacies in Canada and the United Kingdom," using the site's own
words.

In the new ad -- whose cost Burgess declined to disclose -- Brown seeks to
extend his record on prescription drugs to lobbying. "As your senator, I'll
stand up to the Washington lobbyists and do what's right for Rhode Islanders,"
he says.

But, in his home state, reviews on his treatment of lobbying have been mixed.

In 2004, Brown advised lobbyists they no longer had to report money spent on
advertising to lobby for and against legislation. The General Assembly later
passed legislation to fix the problem.

Common Cause of Rhode Island faulted Brown for that interpretation of the law.
But Brown's camp contends he simply "identified a loophole and proposed changes
to fix that loophole," in Burgess' words.

Citing confusion over the new regulations, the General Assembly voted to delay
last year's due date for the session's first monthly lobbying report from the
March 15 until June, near the end of the legislative session. A new requirement
that lobbyists report "any expenditure, gift, or honorarium of $25 or more" to a
legislative or executive-branch official, coupled with a new definition of what
constitutes an expenditure, prompted worries that lobbyists might unwittingly
buy things from lawmaker-owned businesses and fail to report them. That rule,
promulgated by the secretary of state's office, was stricter than the $250
threshold in the General Laws, Common Cause executive director H. Philip West
Jr. said yesterday.

To avoid confusion this year, Brown has already sent lobbyists a notice
clarifying the reporting requirements, his director of communications, Peter
Kerwin, said yesterday.

To see more of the The Providence Journal, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.projo.com.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Providence Journal, R.I.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 4988373

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Fulltext

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Regional Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KNIRITRB

                        Copyright 2006 Gale Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                             Business and Industry
         Copyright 2006 provided by Knight-Ridder/Tribune Business News


                              622 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Decorah Journal (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 13, 2012

Diane Randall to present Religion Forum lecture Sept. 16;
Religion and Lobbying: A Quaker Perspective:

BYLINE: The Decorah Journal staff

LENGTH: 233  words


Diane Randall, executive secretary of the Friends Committee on National
Legislation, the oldest religious lobby in Washington, D.C. will lecture
atLutherCollege at 7:30 p.m. Sunday, Sept. 16, in Room 102 of the Franklin W.
Olin Building.

A Luther Religion Forum lecture, Randall's presentation is titled

"Religion and Lobbying: A Quaker Perspective." The program is open to the public
with no charge for admission.

Randall also speaks at 10 a.m. Monday, Sept. 17, at the Northeast Iowa Peace and
Justice Center (NEIPJC), 119 Winnebago St., Decorah. Her presentation will focus
on "The World We Seek: Lobbying for Peace and Justice."

This event also is free and open to the public.

Randall joined the FCNL in early 2011, but her engagement in the peace movement
began in the early 1980s, when she left her position as a high school English
teacher in Omaha, Neb., to direct the Omaha Nuclear Freeze Campaign.

Before coming to the FCNL, Randall was executive director of Partnership for
Strong Communities, a Connecticut-based non-profit organization providing
leadership, advocacy and policy development on solutions to homelessness,
affordable housing and community development.

Her background includes many years as an executive director of statewide
advocacy organizations, a passion for rebuilding the democratic system in the
United States and a record of achievements in lobbying and citizen engagement.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DEC

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2012 Decorah Journal


                              623 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 17, 2003 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Wide Inquiry Into Lobbyists' Gifts and Payments to Legislators

BYLINE:  By AL BAKER

SECTION: Section B; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 949 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Jan. 16


After a Bronx assemblywoman's recent admission of taking bribes, prosecutors in
Manhattan are looking into whether some lobbyists have failed to follow state
laws in their efforts to curry favor with legislators, a senior law enforcement
official said today.

Investigators for the Manhattan district attorney's office are trying to
determine whether a private prison services company, Correctional Services
Corporation, of Sarasota, Fla., bestowed gifts on lawmakers that exceeded the
legal limit. In addition, they are following up broader questions about the
relationships between other lawmakers and lobbyists, including whether the
lobbyists accurately reported, or reported at all, gifts they had given, the law
enforcement official said.

The sweeping inquiry stems from the Jan. 7 guilty plea by Assemblywoman Gloria
Davis, who admitted taking free van rides from New York to Albany from
Correctional Services Corporation.

A parallel investigation has been opened by Brooklyn prosecutors into whether
Assemblyman Roger L. Green also accepted free rides from the same company,
another law enforcement official said.

State lobbying officials have also opened an investigation into the actions of
the company, which had registered with the State Commission on Lobbying and
hired a lobbyist. State election officials began to look into whether the
company had exceeded its maximum allowable contributions to New York lawmakers
last year, a state official said.

The Manhattan inquiry was described as open-ended, as several leads developed
during the Davis investigation were being followed.

"What are some reasonable questions one would ask?" said a law enforcement
official, in describing the inquiry. "If she is getting free transportation, who
else is? If lobbyists are providing freebies for some politicians, are others
providing freebies for other politicians?"

As the investigations went ahead on several fronts today, they were being
discussed in the halls of the Capitol as reminiscent of past cases of political
misdeeds involving powerful business and labor interests, well-connected
lobbyists and money for campaigns.

Ms. Davis admitted trading her influence for free transportation from
Correctional Services, from mid-1998 to last March, according to the court
papers filed by the office of the Manhattan district attorney, Robert M.
Morgenthau.

Ms. Davis admitted she had accepted the rides after investigators in Mr.
Morgenthau's office caught her in a separate incident taking $24,000 in three
payments to steer a construction contract in her district to a contractor, J. P.
M. Associates, according to the court papers.

Ms. Davis lobbied for and obtained the state financing to renovate an alcohol
and substance abuse treatment office in her district in the southwest Bronx.
Because she had political influence over the group that ran the office, she
could control selection of the contractor, prosecutors said.

Ms. Davis, 64, who spent 22 years in the State Assembly, will serve three months
in jail, officials said, and has agreed to pay $20,000 in restitution and to
never again seek or hold public office.

The New York Post reported Wednesday that Mr. Green had said, in an interview,
that he also had received free transportation from Correctional Services. Mr.
Green denied wrongdoing of any kind.

Officials in the Brooklyn district attorney's office said they were
investigating the matter. A Brooklyn official suggested that the inquiry could
widen, though the official would not elaborate.

Prosecutors in Manhattan are trying to determine whether Correctional Services,
a company that ran halfway houses under contract with the State Department of
Correctional Services, provided transportation or other services to anyone else,
said one official familiar with the investigation. They are also following leads
developed during the investigation into Ms. Davis and looking into other
lobbying efforts and whether they were correctly reported.

As for the investigation by the lobbying commission, considered by watchdogs to
be the toughest state ethics investigator at the moment, many questions remain.
They include whether the gifts to Ms. Davis, Mr. Green, and possibly others,
exceeded the $75 legal limit and whether certain costs were or were not
disclosed by the company in lobbying reports, as required.

Lobbying laws as well as the state ethics law prohibit legislators from
accepting meals and other gifts of $75 or more if they are intended to influence
their decisions. After those ethics laws were adopted in the late 1980's, some
government watchdog groups criticized them for being too weak. Indeed, no
lawmaker has been sanctioned for accepting illegal gifts or breaking any other
provision of the statute.

In addition, the State Board of Elections has begun to look into the thousands
of dollars in contributions the company made to politicians last year, said a
spokesman for the board, Lee Daghlian.

Filings on record with the Board of Elections show that Correctional Services
contributed $4,500 to Mr. Green's campaign committee as part of the $8,100 worth
of checks it gave to all politicians in New York in the 2002 calendar year, Mr.
Daghlian said. Legally, corporations can give only $5,000 to all candidates in a
year.

Phone calls to the company's headquarters in Florida were not returned today.

Blair Horner, the legislative director of the New York Public Interest Research
Group, said the allegations were another sign that "Albany's ethics are
dysfunctional."

Mr. Horner and others have repeatedly called for the creation of an independent
statewide ethics committee, akin to an independent prosecutor who roots out
police or judicial misconduct.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              624 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 04, 1997, Thursday, Final Edition

Rainmakers Making a Splash

Bill McAllister, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A21; SPECIAL INTERESTS: LOBBYING WASHINGTON; THE FEDERAL
PAGE

LENGTH: 864 words


Verner, Liipfert, Bernhard, McPherson & Hand, which scored big by landing major
tobacco companies as lobbying clients, is continuing to add more big-name
clients. And its star-studded cast of rainmakers are being assigned active roles
with the new clients.

Former treasury secretary Lloyd M. Bentsen and partner Berl Bernhard are among
the law firm's employees helping the American Financial Services Association
lobby on proposed changes in the bankruptcy laws. Fellow Texan and former
governor Ann Richards, a senior adviser to the firm, signed up with partner
Harry McPherson, Lyndon Johnson's White House counsel, to help SBC
Communications Inc. of San Antonio, one of the regional Bell telephone
companies, another a new client.

The law firm is making a big push for new Latin American clients under the
tutorage of partner John A. Merrigan. It has signed Fundacion Bonaerense de
Ciencias dal la Admin, a group interested in promoting the Argentine province of
Buenos Aires and the University of Salvador in Buenos Aires, which may offer a
novel enticement to "U.S. policymakers." Its lobbying registration forms suggest
the private university may offer honorary degrees as a way of improving
relations. Psst! Is there a doctor in the House?

Missing in the Verner Liipfert action seems to be former Senate majority leader
Robert J. Dole, who joined the firm after his unsuccessful bid for president.
Dole's name does not appear on the firm's latest lobbying registration forms.
That's because Dole doesn't lobby, the firm says. At least not directly.

Former Dole health issues staffer Vicki E. Hart, now the law firm's director of
legislation and federal affairs, was listed among those working for the Starwood
Lodging Trust of Phoenix, the firm that recently outbid Hilton Hotels to
takeover ITT.

Old Faces, New Clients

Peter S. Knight, the former chief of staff to Vice President Al Gore who has
been ensnared in the Democratic fund-raising scandal, continues as an active
lobbyist. Schering-Plough, the pharmaceutical company, is Knight's latest
client. A partner at Wunder, Diefenderfer, Cannon & Thelen, Knight is working on
a patent issue for the New Jersey-based drug firm. Molly Poag, a former special
assistant to Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt and now an associate at the law
firm of Steptoe & Johnson, is working on gaming issues for Showboat Operations
Co. of Las Vegas. Poag obviously didn't get the word from the secretary that
gambling issues can be a big headache.

Jack Quinn, President Clinton's former White House counsel and a partner at
Arnold & Porter, is working for the Chubb Corp., which is anxious to tap into
China's insurance market. Also on the Chubb case is A&P associate Jeffrey J.
Connaughton, a former special assistant to Abner J. Mikva, Quinn's predecessor
at the White House.

A Taxing Task

Nixon, Hargrave, Devans & Doyle, a Rochester, N.Y.-based law firm that developed
tax expertise for the Gannett newspaper chain when it was based there, is now
representing a plethora of media giants troubled by proposals to place taxes on
Internet services. Known as the Media Tax Group, the group includes such
heavyweights as America Online, ABC, CBS, NBC, Fox, Dow Jones & Co., Gannett
Co., GTE Corp., Harte-Hanks Communications, Hearst Corp., Home Shopping Network,
Knight-Ridder, Meredith Corp., Reader's Digest, the New York Times Co., The
Washington Post Co., Times Mirror Co., Westinghouse Electric Co. and Time
Warner, to drop a few names.

Running Interference

The National Football League has hired the law firm of Covington & Burling to
fight legislation written by Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan (D-N.Y.) that would
block state and local governments from using tax-free bonds to finance
professional sports arenas. Professional baseball, meanwhile, has turned to
Arnold & Porter to represent its interests over the broadcasts of baseball games
by satellite TV systems.

The Revolving Door

Kathy E. Jurado, assistant secretary of veterans affairs for public and
intergovernmental affairs, who came under Republican fire for her
government-paid trips home to Tampa during Clinton's first term, is resigning
Jan. 1. Jurado is staying in Washington, joining the Arlington firm of Alcalde &
Fay, where she once worked as an associate. Jurado will be a partner working on
education issues.

Bill McCarthy, formerly of Ketchum Public Relations and before that press
secretary of the National Republican Congressional Committee, is returning to
the Hill. He has joined the House Committee on Education and the Workforce as
press secretary, a new position. Former representative Jim Moody (D-Wis.) is
leaving the Rome-based International Fund for Agricultural Development, a United
Nations agency where he was a vice president, to become president of
Washington-based InterAction, a coalition of more than 150 nongovernmental
relief and development agencies. Brent Thompson, executive director of the Fair
Government Foundation, a group founded by his former boss, Sen. Paul Coverdell
(R-Ga.), will join Barbour, Griffith & Rogers as a lobbyist.

Bill McAllister's e-mail address is mcallisterwashpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 04, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              625 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 27, 2010 Thursday

Local governments increase lobby spending by 4 percent

BYLINE: Jason Schoonover, Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 653 words


May 27--A new report says local governments spent $8.8 million to lobby state
legislators last year as their state allowances were cut.

The report released Wednesday by State Auditor Rebecca Otto says cities,
counties, school districts and other local government agencies spent nearly 4
percent more on lobbying in 2009 than they did in 2008.

However, local leaders contend the money is a key way to stay informed and
active of decisions and actions in the legislature.

"For us, it's how can we work with other governmental entities to help us
accomplish our goals," said Austin City Administrator Jim Hurm. "That's getting
money at the state level. Do you call that lobbying? I guess it is, but from my
perspective it's not the same kind of lobbying."

About half the $8.8 million in spending came directly from local governments,
with top spenders including Minneapolis, St. Paul, Hennepin County and the
Metropolitan Sports Facilities Commission, which has been pushing for a new
Vikings stadium.

The other half came from associations such as the Coalition of Greater Minnesota
Cities, the League of Minnesota Cities and the Minnesota School Board
Association.

The city of Austin paid $45,501 last year in dues for the Coalition of Greater
Minnesota Cities and $32,124 -- 70.6 percent -- of the funds were reportedly
used for lobbying. The city also paid $15,152 in dues for the League of
Minnesota Cities. About 25 percent of the funds -- $3,864 -- went toward
lobbying.

Mower County spent $13,449 in 2009 as dues to be part of the Minnesota
Association of Counties. About $4,035 of the money -- 30 percent -- was spent on
lobbying.

Hurm said local governments vying for money at the state and federal levels is
different than lobbyists from the private industry.

"This is local government working with and keeping an eye on the other levels of
government, which has a dramatic effect," Hurm said.

The money isn't simply shoveled out to lobbyists. Government agencies pay yearly
dues to associations like the League of Minnesota Cities for a variety of
services, one important one being a voice in St. Paul and Washington, D.C.

Not only do officials with such agencies speak on behalf of communities like
Austin, but they also inform city leaders of changes and issues that could
affect things like Local Government Aid, Hurm said.

"They represent the position of local government, which is important," Hurm
said.

As government aid has recently been reduced for cities, counties and schools,
Hurm said it's important to have such groups working at the state and federal
levels. For example, Austin city leaders recently sought funding for flood
mitigation efforts.

Austin Public Schools Independent District 492 paid a total of $9,631 in dues to
the Minnesota Rural Education Association and the Minnesota School Board
Association. A combined $3,952 of the dues went toward lobbying.

While Krenz said the school board association has a paid lobbyist, he noted the
group is vital to keeping school districts active in the legislature.

"They try to make sure that the laws being considered at the state meet the
needs of the school district," he said.

Krenz said one voice has little impact in modern politics, and groups like the
Minnesota Rural Education Association also serve as a way for school districts
across the state to work collectively.

Local governments and their associations are required to report lobbying
expenditures to the state auditor annually.

The Associated Press contributed to this report

To see more of the Austin Daily Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.austindailyherald.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Austin Daily Herald, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100527-1AU-LOC-GOVTS-LOBBY-SPENDING-20100527

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AU


                       Copyright 2010 Austin Daily Herald


                              626 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                             July 16, 2009 Thursday

Chamber starts lobbying blitz on highway bill

BYLINE: By Kevin Bogardus

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 662 words


The U.S. Chamber of Commerce on Wednesday set off a lobbying blitz on Capitol
Hill to build support for the stalled highway bill. The trade association says
the transportation reauthorization would jumpstart the struggling economy by
creating jobs to rebuild the nation's crumbling highways, railroads and transit
systems. A $500 billion, six-year proposal by Rep. Jim Oberstar (D-Minn.),
chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, has the
Chamber's backing but has suffered from a lack of momentum among lawmakers
concerned about the cost of the bill.

"We say it creates jobs. It will help us deal with the effects of this
recession," said Tom Donohue, president and CEO of the Chamber. "The bill is
urgent. We have to do it." More than 100 Chamber members from 28 states headed
to Capitol Hill on Wednesday to meet with lawmakers and call for action on the
highway bill. In addition, a letter was sent to all members of Congress
stressing the urgency of passing the bill. The fly-in visits are coupled with an
advertising campaign in the Washington area and billboards in Alabama,
California, Illinois, Maryland, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas and
Washington calling for action on the highway bill. Donohue was joined by Steve
Odland, chairman of the board and CEO of Office Depot, at a news conference
Wednesday to discuss the renewed lobbying push. Both executives warned that
delaying the transportation reauthorization, which expires on Sept. 30, would
increase the country's infrastructure costs greatly. "Every six months, every 18
months we wait, we're doubling what it takes," Donohue said. Beyond the looming
expiration date is the expected bankruptcy of the Highway Trust Fund. Experts
anticipate that the fund, which finances repairs and construction for the
nation's highway system, will run out on Aug. 21 this year because of revenue
declines from the federal gas tax, which pays for it. That could halt several
construction projects across the country, putting more jobs in jeopardy. Odland
said his company is heavily dependent on the nation's roads for its business,
making a half-million deliveries to customers across the country every week. "An
adequate transportation system is absolutely necessary to have economic growth
and job growth," Odland said. But despite the heft of business support behind
the legislation, Oberstar will have to contend with a number of lawmakers and
members of the Obama administration who have called for delay, not action, on
the highway bill. Worries over an increase in the gas tax during a recession,
which could set back the unemployed even more, have led Transportation Secretary
Ray LaHood to call for an 18-month extension of the current law instead of
supporting the Minnesota Democrat's more expansive proposal. The House Ways and
Means Committee, which must find a way to pay for the highway bill, is
preoccupied with Obama's signature healthcare proposal, among other big-ticket
policy issues. Odland, as a commissioner on the National Surface Transportation
Policy and Revenue Study Commission, has recommended raising the gas tax to help
pay for the new highway bill. "We are willing to pay more," Odland said. "We
view it as a user fee. We don't view it as a tax." The Chamber has also come out
for a gas tax increase to help fund repairs and construction for the nation's
transportation system. Donohue downplayed the political risks in raising the gas
tax during an economic downturn. "People will stop worrying about it after two
days and we will be back to building roads," the Chamber CEO and president said.
Instead, he said, lawmakers would face more anger from their constituents if the
nation's highways continue to fall into disrepair. Both Donohue and Odland said
Oberstar's highway bill could act as a second stimulus package by creating new
jobs and easing traffic. "In a way, this is a shovel-ready plan. It's already
packaged and ready to go," Odland said.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2009 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              July 25, 2005 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

WNYERS AID CHINA DEAL THAT SEEMS QUESTIONABLE

BYLINE: By Douglas Turner

SECTION: VIEWPOINTS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 593 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Former Congressman Bill Paxon was in Florida with his family, said officials at
Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld, the powerhouse D.C. lobbying firm where he has
become a rainmaker.

The China oil deal with which the Amherst Republican was identified had turned
ugly.

No, Bill Paxon, was not really a key member of Akin Gump's team that was
lobbying in behalf of the Beijing, China, outfit that wants to acquire America's
ninth-largest oil company, said Anthony Foti, a spokesman for Paxon.

Yet the New York Times and Wall Street Journal in June cited Paxon as a leading
player in Akin Gump's drive to persuade the White House and the
Republican-controlled Congress to stay out of China's way.

China National Offshore Oil Co. -- 70 percent controlled by the People's
Republic of China -- had bid to take over California-based UNOCAL.

The Chinese oil company is just one of Paxon's fabulous portfolio of lobbying
clients. His roster includes AT&T, Boeing, CSX, Buffalo's Delaware North Cos.,
Goodrich, Johnson & Johnson, Motion Picture Association of America, NASDAQ, and
Pfizer.

There are many more on this list that brings Paxon a seven-figure salary.

While Paxon was not central to the deal, Akin Gump officials acknowledged Paxon
was among those who registered with the U.S. government as advocates of CNOOC.
Paxon mainly attended internal briefings, planning sessions at Akin Gump's
headquarters here, the firm's officials maintained.

But the graybeards who built Akin Gump's yearly lobbying revenues to $120
million did not figure on the wildfire of patriotism touched off by China's
quest to outbid Chevron for this American energy company.

China unnerved Congress last year by buying IBM's PC division. China continues
to menace Taiwan; and movement of American jobs to China complicated GOP plans
to broaden free trade.

House Armed Services Chairman Duncan Hunter, R-Calif., angrily called hearings
at which retired diplomats and generals said China's acquisition of UNOCAL would
undermine national security.

The House, which is run by Paxon's pals, voted 398-15 to warn the White House to
block the sale to Beijing.

Yet Beijing's government was so convinced it could roll over Chevron and the GOP
Congress that its foreign minister issued a statement demanding that Congress
stop "interfering" with the deal.

Paxon's predecessor in Congress Jack F. Kemp, R-Hamburg, chimed in. Kemp, now a
lobbyist himself, said in an op-ed in the Washington Times that those who
opposed the China deal were "alarmists" and "jingoists."

Kemp called from Vail, Colo., to say he was not a paid lobbyist for the Chinese.
"I'm a free-trader," he said.

Still, Kemp's letter raised eyebrows because articles linked him to attempts by
anti-American Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez to promote an oil deal here. Kemp
also denied the Chavez stories, but he is chairman of an energy-trading firm
called Free Market Global.

Last week, UNOCAL's chastened board recommended to stockholders they accept
Chevron's lower offer, not Beijing's, when they meet next month.

But for lobbyists, there is much more where that came from. Special interests
spent at least $3 billion in 2004 to influence Congress -- double the figure six
years earilier, according to the Center for Public Integrity.

Former Rep. Jack F. Quinn, R-Hamburg, wasted no time getting in on the gravy
train. Last spring, he registered as lobbyist for the Association of American
Railroads. Until last January, Quinn was chairman of the House subcommittee that
was supposed to act as watchdog over those same railroads.

dturner@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                              628 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 15, 1997, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Mayor Giuliani Ignores the Point

SECTION: Section 1; Page 22; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 529 words


Mayor Rudolph Giuliani's proposal for a new law banning lobbying of all New York
City agencies is a good idea only if his goal is diversion. Challenged to clean
up an embarrassing problem in his own administration, he responded with a
spur-of-the-moment legislative proposal that is both sweeping and impractical.
It is as if Mr. Giuliani were criticized for parking at a crosswalk and
responded by banning cars from the city.

The problem is that two of the Mayor's closest unofficial advisers, Raymond
Harding and Herman Badillo, have been making a lot of money as City Hall
lawyer-lobbyists. Their firm did not have much lobbying business before Mr.
Giuliani was elected. The new clients obviously believe that Mr. Badillo and Mr.
Harding have access, even if that access is as innocent as the ability to get a
legitimate question answered by the city's balky bureaucracy.

Mr. Giuliani already has ample power to eliminate any questions about his
administration's relationship to lobbyists. He can direct his agency heads to
stop dealing with paid intermediaries. He can also ask his friends Mr. Badillo
and Mr. Harding to have their firm refrain from contacting any city employee on
behalf of a client. If they refuse, he can shun them, and City Hall workers will
soon get the picture. Mr. Badillo's and Mr. Harding's own attempt to paper over
the problem by announcing that they themselves will stop lobbying while their
firm continues is meaningless.

Mr. Giuliani criticized his predecessor, David Dinkins, for his friendship with
the lobbyist Sid Davidoff during the last mayoral campaign. He did not mention
any ideas for an anti-lobbying law at that time, but directed his fire where it
ought to go -- at the mayor's office.

A hastily concocted and almost certainly unconstitutional ban on the practice of
lobbying is not a solution to influence-peddling in New York City. It is a
tactical effort to change the voters' perceptions about a news article that
damaged Mr. Giuliani's image as a reformer.

The two adviser-lobbyists who are causing the Mayor trouble are important to his
re-election. Mr. Badillo is his most prominent Latino supporter. Mr. Harding
controls the Liberal Party, which can give Mr. Giuliani its line on next
November's ballot. Democrats who feel uncomfortable pulling a Republican lever
can vote for Mr. Giuliani as a Liberal. The 62,000 votes he got on the Liberal
line in 1993 were Mr. Giuliani's margin of victory.

Mr. Giuliani came up with his idea of banning lobbyists right before a recent
City Hall press conference in which reporters were expected to ask about Mr.
Badillo and Mr. Harding. He consulted no one. He had no answers to questions
about obvious First Amendment problems. He could not explain how the city would
differentiate between lobbyists and employees who are hired by businesses or
trade groups to interact with city agencies. He did not know what would happen
to the many lobbyists who contact city agencies on behalf of the poor,
good-government groups or environmental concerns. What the Mayor was really
ordering up was not a solution but a good old-fashioned election-year puff of
blue smoke.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              629 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Arizona Capitol Times

                             August 2, 2010 Monday

Arizona lobbyist Ed Wren passes away

BYLINE: Luige del Puerto

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 394  words


Another blow struck the lobbying community July 31, when veteran lobbyist Ed
Wren died because of complications from a heart surgery.

He had the surgery about two weeks ago; his condition deteriorated, according to
his family. He was 68.

Wren had been lobbying at the capitol for about 25 years, according to a bio
posted on the website of the Arizona Chiropractic Society, one of his clients.

His areas of expertise included health care, law enforcement and the hospitality
industry.

Wren also represented University Physicians Health in Tucson, and the University
Medical Center.

"He's a wonderful, caring, honest and decent person in a field where those
qualities are not always found," said Alan Immerman, president and executive
director of the Arizona Chiropractic Society.

Wren was active in and out of the capitol community.

He came to Phoenix more than three decades ago.

Since then, he had served on various boards, including the Central Arizona
Health Systems Agency, the Arizona Chamber of Commerce and the Arizona
Association of Industries.

He was a founding member of the board of Phoenix Children's Hospital.

Wren had been working in the public affairs arena before starting his own
lobbying firm in 1986.

He served as vice president of public affairs at Southwest Forest Industries. He
joined Southwest in 1975 after a two-year stint at the U.S. Department of
Health, Education and Welfare, then the federal government's largest agency,
where he worked as deputy assistant secretary for legislation.

He was also one of four special aides to Donald Rumsfeld, who was counselor to
the President in 1970 and 1971.

Prior to joining Rumsfeld, Wren served as legislative assistant to former
Florida Republican Congressman Lou Frey, Jr.

Wren was a native of Syracuse, N.Y. and a graduate of Florida State University.
He also took graduate courses at Stanford University.

The family plans a viewing from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. Aug. 4 at the Whitney & Murphy
Funeral Home, 4800 E. Indian School Road in Phoenix, and a memorial service at
11 a.m. on Aug. 5 at the Brophy Chapel, 4701 N. Central Ave., also in Phoenix.

The family asked that in lieu of flowers, donations be made to the Juvenile
Diabetes Research Foundation International.

The Capitol community has suffered other recent losses. Longtime policy advisor
Ken Rozen and lobbyist Mitch Menlove also passed away last month.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       May 30, 1997, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

Ga. Lottery contractor drops lobbyist

BYLINE: Richard Whitt; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Pg. 01A

LENGTH: 446 words


GTECH Corp., vying to maintain its contract to operate the Georgia Lottery's
online computers, has ended a controversial $ 30,000-a-month long-term lobbying
contract with a mysterious Atlanta company.

GTECH spokesman Bob Rendine said Integrated Strategies of Georgia no longer
represents the company as a governmental relations consultant.

"We bought out the contract and ended the relationship some four weeks ago,"
said Rendine.

GTECH's contract with Integrated Strategies of Georgia had called for the
relationship to continue for as long GTECH has a contract with the lottery,
including any extensions. The lottery board votes today on whether to renew
GTECH's contract.

"It became a distraction that was being used by opponents of the company, namely
your newspaper," Rendine said.

In March, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported that Integrated Strategies
of Georgia, an unknown company founded in Florida under the acronym I.S. GA
Inc., had a lobbying contract with GTECH.

However, the company had not registered to do business in Georgia, nor was it
registered to lobby, as required by law. Neither lottery nor state officials
could recall being lobbied by I.S. GA.

GTECH officials explained that I.S. GA didn't actually lobby on its behalf,
despite the wording of the contract, but instead looked for expanding business
opportunities.

The company was incorporated in Florida in 1991 but did not operate in that
state, according to GTECH spokesman Rendine.

Rogers Wells Jr., 59, a Kentucky businessman with political connections to top
Georgia Democrats, joined the company in 1992 and eventually took over as
president.

I.S. GA has had four lobbying contracts calling for it to receive payments
totaling about $ 2 million.

I.S. GA's most recent contract called for it to represent GTECH before
government agencies and legislatures ---in effect, to lobby ---in Georgia,
Louisiana, Mississippi, Tennessee, North Carolina and South Carolina.

But no one associated with I.S. GA has ever registered to lobby for GTECH in
those states.

Its contracts with I.S. GA became part of a growing cloud over GTECH because of
its aggressive lobbying tactics.

At least four federal grand juries have investigated GTECH contracts.

The federal investigation in Georgia ended last year without an indictment. But
the state attorney general has begun a preliminary investigation.

Former GTECH national sales manager J. David Smith was convicted of taking
kickbacks from GTECH contractors in October, and that investigation is
continuing.

A federal grand jury in Texas is looking into allegations that Smith took
kickbacks in that state.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              631 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 21, 1983, Monday, Late City Final Edition

NEW MEXICO GOVENOR PICKED AS LEADER OF HISPANIC LOBBY

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 15, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 465 words

DATELINE: SANTA FE, N.M., Feb. 20


A loosely structured coalition of Hispanic leaders from around the country today
chose Gov. Toney Anaya of New Mexico to lead a new political lobbying group that
hopes to influence candidates for the Democratic Party's 1984 Presidential
nomination.

The coalition's activities will include raising money, making recommendations
for delegate selection for the Democratic National Convention and lobbying for
Hispanic positions on a range of political issues, according to Governor Anaya
and others who attended the one-day, closed-door organizational meeting here.

''The unifying element here is that everyone recognizes that we all have much
broader agendas as Hispanics,'' Governor Anaya said in an interview. ''We aren't
just interested in immigration or in bilingual education, but in the economy,
defense spending and international issues.''

Mr. Anaya, who is 41 years old, was elected Governor of New Mexico last Nov. 2
and assumed office on Jan. 1. He had served as the state's Attorney General from
1975 through 1978.

New to Hispanic Community

Governor Anaya, who invited the leaders to attend the meeting, said he had been
asked by some Hispanic Americans to organize the national lobby.

Mayor Maurice Ferre of Miami said the lobbying group was a new move for Hispanic
Americans, but he noted that other ethnic groupshad taken similar steps to
become more involved in Presidential politics.

Mr. Ferre said Mr. Anaya was ideally suited to head the organization. ''The
Governor is an easy guy to coalesce around, and he's a likable guy,'' said Mr.
Ferre, a native of Puerto Rico who has been Mayor of Miami since 1973.

Tony Bonilla, president of the 100,000-member League of United Latin American
Citizens, said many efforts have been made to form Hispanic coalitions ''but
none have accomplished much.''

Voter Registration Stressed

Polly Baca Barragan, vice chairman of the Democratic National Committee and a
Colorado State Senator, said the coalition would try to increase voter
registration among the nation's 14 million Hispanic citizens. She said three
million to four million Hispanic Americans were now registered, and that about
85 percent of them were registered as Democrats.

She estimated that as many as six million more Hispanic Americans were eligible
to vote but had not registered.  Richard Alatorre, a California Assemblyman from
Los Angeles, said the lobbying group would push to increase the number of
delegates of Hispanic origin to the Democratic convention and to heighten the
interest of Hispanic Americans in party politics.

Governor Anaya said the group would hold a second meeting in Phoenix early in
May. He said members of other Hispanic organizations and political leaders not
invited to the first meeting would be asked to attend.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              632 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                           November 1, 2014 Saturday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

COMPLAINT TARGETS LAW FIRM

BYLINE: MICHAEL VAN SICKLER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 606 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: The D.C. firm is accused of illegally lobbying Attorney General Pam
Bondi.


An ethics complaint filed Friday alleges a Washington, D.C., law firm illegally
lobbied Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi before she dropped suits or declined
to investigate cases involving its clients.

Florida requires that those "seeking the goodwill" of the attorney general or
her staff register first as state lobbyists. Yet none of the partners of
Dickstein Shapiro did so in the last four years even as they exchanged emails,
phone calls and met numerous times with Bondi and members of her staff to
discuss client business.

Cases seeking damages against Dickstein Shapiro clients languished, were
dismissed, or never materialized.

"It looks like a clear violation to me," said the man who filed the complaint,
Charles Swofford, a Connecticut retiree who lives in the Villages and is a
registered Democrat. "If we're going to have a law about lobbyists, we need to
enforce it. No one is above the law."

Swofford's complaint names Bernard Nash, the Dickstein Shapiro partner who
oversees the firm's lobbying of attorneys general. If found to have violated the
law, Nash and the firm could be fined up to $5,000 and banned from lobbying
state officials for two years.

Nash didn't return phone calls.

Bondi isn't named in the complaint. Only lobbyists must follow the rule, not
those who are lobbied. She is subject to a ban on accepting gifts from those who
could benefit from her decisions. But a loophole allows her to accept dinners,
drinks, trips and swag (such as the $351 gift bag she got at a Conference of
Western Attorneys General in 2011) if they are provided by a national
professional organization.

That's a significant loophole, considering that Dickstein Shapiro has
contributed $122,060 to Republican Attorneys General Association, a super PAC
that contributed $750,000 to Bondi's re-election. She serves on RAGA's executive
committee, which since 2011 has spent $25,000 to cover expenses for Bondi to
attend conferences. At some of those conferences, she met with Dickstein Shapiro
partners and clients, records show.

Nash first contacted Bondi shortly after she was elected in 2010 and regularly
mingled with Bondi and her staff at RAGA and National Association of Attorneys
General conferences at resorts in Hawaii, Arizona and Mexico.

Polls show Bondi has a comfortable margin over her two opponents in the Nov. 4
election. Since the meetings between Dickstein Shapiro and Bondi were first
reported by the New York Times earlier this week, she has said that they have no
bearing on her duties.

But on Friday, Democratic challenger George Sheldon - who has no money to air TV
ads as Bondi has done - held news conferences in Tampa and Tallahassee to draw
attention to the issue.

"Pam Bondi is the most unethical attorney general in my lifetime," Sheldon told
reporters in Tallahassee. "It's clear that she shouldn't be re-elected. Quite
frankly, she should be investigated."

Sheldon, who was deputy attorney general between 1999 and 2002, said he expects
criminal and civil investigations into Bondi's interactions with Dickstein
Shapiro and other special interests.

"Let's take Pam Bondi at her word," Sheldon said. "That these lavish vacations,
these trips to Hawaii, to Mexico, did not impact her. What are the people in
Florida to think? I think it raises serious questions."

Asked for a response Friday, Bondi's campaign denied any impropriety.

"She has always made her decisions based off of what is in the best interest of
the people of Florida," campaign spokesman Trey Stapleton said.

Times researcher Carolyn Edds contributed to this story. Michael Van Sickler can
be reached at (850) 224-7263. Follow @mikevansickler.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Pam Bondi is not named in the ethics complaint filed Friday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        June 5, 1999 Saturday 2D EDITION

Probe targets lobby group's letter Lawmakers will look at possibility of
tampering by pharmacists' organization

BYLINE: By Eric Hubler, Denver Post Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-02

LENGTH: 428 words


Three lawmakers have been named to a panel that will examine whether a letter to
legislators was tampered with by members of a pharmacists' lobbying group and
whether that constituted an ethics violation.

House Speaker Russell George, R-Rifle, said Friday that under a joint rule
governing investigations into questionable lobbying practices, he and Senate
President Ray Powers, R-Colorado Springs, appointed Rep. Bill Sinclair,
R-Colorado Springs, and Sen. John Andrews, R-Denver, respectively. Sinclair and
Andrews then appointed Rep. Jennifer Veiga, D-Denver.

Their task, which will be conducted in secrecy, will be to determine whether
members of RxPlus Pharmacies, the lobbying group for Colorado's retail
pharmacies, altered several words in a letter from a pharmacy benefits
management company to make it appear to support House Bill 1325.

The bill would have banned a pricing advantage that HMOs offer their members who
use mail-order pharmacies for long-term prescriptions. It was withdrawn by its
sponsor, Rep. Diane Hoppe, R-Sterling, in light of the controversy, which
legislators and lobbyists have called Colorado's worst ethics scandal involving
lobbying practices in a decade.

George said more than one person at the lobbying group is being investigated,
though he would not name them.

Barbara Pietrafeso, RxPlus' dismissed executive director, admitted sending the
letter to legislators in April but said she thought the letter was genuine.
Pietrafeso has declined to be interviewed and couldn't be reached Friday.

The panel should issue a report by mid-August, George said.

"They're pretty much free to determine the extent of their investigation," he
said.

Then Powers and George can dismiss the matter, or forward it to the Executive
Committee - the speaker, House majority leader, House minority leader, Senate
president, Senate majority leader and Senate minority leader - for further
action.

"That's where the real power lies in this instance because they then have the
power to go on and suggest harsher remedies," George said. "They are the only
group that could suspend lobbying privileges or go on to send it to the General
Assembly as a whole for further action."

Unlike the panel appointed Friday, the Executive Committee has subpoena power,
George said.

The case is also a police matter, since Pietrafeso reported a break-in at
RxPlus' office around the time the disputed letter is said to have arrived there
by fax. Police say the case remains open, but no progress has been made due to
lack of cooperation from RxPlus.

LOAD-DATE: June 09, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1999 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 18, 2005 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Tainted Gifts: The Giver Is the One Who Suffers

BYLINE: By MICHAEL COOPER

SECTION: Section B; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 384 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, June 17


Thanks to a quirk in state law, when it comes to illegal gifts to state
officials, it may be more dangerous to give than to receive.

That is because state workers accused of receiving illegal gifts can avoid
investigations and possible fines by the State Ethics Commission by quitting
their jobs.

Officials said that Lauren M. Gregory, who worked for the Metropolitan
Transportation Authority, did just that in March after she was charged with
accepting improper gifts from an insurance company that does business with the
authority. She was accused of accepting a couple of tickets worth $500 to two
galas for the New York Transit Museum.

But the insurance company accused of giving her the tickets, Willis of New York,
could still face penalties. That is because it retained a lobbyist in 2002, one
of the years it is accused of giving her a ticket. So it finds itself subject to
scrutiny by another entity, the State Lobbying Commission, which enforces the
law preventing companies that lobby from giving or even offering gifts worth
more than $75 to any public official.

Officials at Willis said the lobbyist they hired, Powers Global Strategies, was
retained to focus on New York City issues, not state and transportation
authority issues. But they had registered the lobbying contract with the state,
as required by law, which could give the lobbying commission jurisdiction. Kris
Thompson, a commission spokesman, said, ''It would be inappropriate to discuss
matters that may be before us and under review.''

Gov. George E. Pataki has made a priority this year of closing the loophole that
allows state workers to evade ethics sanctions by resigning, and the State
Assembly has passed a bill to accomplish that.

A state official said that the State Senate may take up the matter next week,
before the legislative session ends on Thursday. One sticking point has been
whether the provision should apply to lawmakers as well as state workers.

Government watchers remarked on a situation where businesses that give illegal
gifts could be punished while the state officials that receive them could escape
penalty.

Blair Horner, the legislative director for the New York Public Interest Group,
said, ''Far too often people are able to escape the short arm of ethics
enforcement by quitting their jobs.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              635 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            June 4, 2003, Wednesday

LOBBY PANEL EYES YES FOR NO-NO'S

BYLINE: KENNETH LOVETT Post Correspondent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 007

LENGTH: 186 words


ALBANY - The state Lobbying Commission is investigating whether the YES network
and its lobbyist gave free tickets to state lawmakers in violation of the law,
The Post has learned.

According to a source with knowledge of the investigation, questions arose after
Global Strategy Group, which represents YES, filed its January-February
bimonthly lobbying reports with the state. The Global Strategy Group on Jan. 15
paid the New York Yankees $1,516 for "tickets," according to the filing.

"Under the law, the only fans they would have to report giving tickets to are
lawmakers," the source said. If any lawmaker received tickets in excess of $75,
that would be a violation of the state lobbying law.

The Lobbying Commission this week asked for a list of public officials who were
offered Yankee tickets as a gift and documents on those who might have gone to
the games, they said.

Lobbying Commission Executive Director David Grandeau confirmed that the YES
network and Global Strategy are under investigation. Mark Glazier, a lawyer for
Global Strategy, denied any tickets were provided to lawmakers.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              636 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            June 18, 2003 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Doing Better, Not Best

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 401 words


New York State's lawmakers are trying to find something to go home and brag
about. The possibilities dwindle by the hour as their session comes to an end on
Thursday. But revamping the state's lobbying laws is still doable, and eminently
worth doing.

The simplest, best and most thorough way to reform the lobbying system would be
to pass the comprehensive bill offeredby State Senator Frank Padavan and
Assemblyman Alexander Grannis that has been sitting on the sidelines for months.
Instead of the best, however, the Assembly has come up with the next best. But
this compromise from Speaker Sheldon Silver still counts as a move in the right
direction. It requires lobbyists, who already file public reports on their
efforts to affect legislation, to do the same reporting when they try to affect
the awarding of state contracts. That could shed some of the first official
light on a whole swath of government action that has been scandalously secret
for decades.

Mr. Silver's bill may miss a few spots covered by the Padavan-Grannis proposal,
which requires the reporting for lobbying of "any official act." And the
Temporary Lobbying Commission still needs to be made permanent with protections
for the chairman and more funds for enforcement. But a law that would reveal who
is spending what to get these lucrative state contracts would stand as one of
the major reforms in Albany in the last 20 years.

If the Assembly passes its lobbying bill as expected, the next step would be for
the State Senate to give its approval. Joseph Bruno, the Senate majority leader,
should find this bill is similar to legislation he pushed in 1999 without
support from the Assembly or the governor. And Gov. George Pataki, whose own
bill on lobbying reform would defang the lobbying commission's enforcement of
it, has said he will not veto a legislative measure. He could instead celebrate
it as a much-needed improvement in the way his own administration -- and future
administrations -- do business.

The last hours of a New York legislative session are a tricky time. Good bills
can be linked to bad ones, all of which are being tied into a huge legislative
knot. That knot may take days for the public to unravel, but it will be all too
obvious immediately if lawmakers go home without forcing this secretive
underworld into the daylight.

Fixing Albany: Editorials in this series remain online at nytimes.com/albany.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: FIXING ALBANY

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial; Series

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              637 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 04, 1996, Thursday, Final Edition

$256,000 Spent On Lobbying for N.Va. Ballpark

Spencer S. Hsu, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 698 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND, July 3


The state agency created to oversee construction of a professional baseball
stadium in Northern Virginia racked up more than $ 256,000 in expenses lobbying
state lawmakers during the last year, more than any other interest group seeking
support from the General Assembly, reports released today indicate.

Virtually all the money was spent by the Richmond-based law firm of McGuire
Woods Battle & Boothe, which, according to the lobbying disclosure reports,
assigned four lawyers and other support workers to serve as the Virginia
Baseball Stadium Authority's staff.

The authority, which is seeking state money to help it build a $ 300 million
stadium, will pay the law firm as it would a contractor if a stadium is built.
If the stadium project ultimately fails, the firm would not be reimbursed for
its lobbying, officials said.

The stadium authority's potential use of public funds to sway state lawmakers is
an extreme example of the lobbying between government agencies that occurs
regularly among those relying on state funding, from local school boards and
county offices to universities. But even supporters of the authority's efforts
to build a home for a major league baseball team said the amount was a surprise.

"I wished they'd told us about this ahead of time," said Del. Vincent F.
Callahan Jr. (R-Fairfax), who sponsored a key bill this year that broadened the
authority's power to issue contracts and bonds. "We're not kidding ourselves,
state institutions lobby all the time, only they don't call it that. [But] it
does raise some questions. . . . Perhaps there ought to be some modification of
the law . . . to perhaps restrict authorities."

The 45,000-seat stadium project hinges on the authority's finding a site for the
complex, on a private investor group's ability to buy a team and get Major
League Baseball's approval to move it, and on a state-backed financing plan. A
key legislative panel has tentatively endorsed a lottery game that officials
hope would raise $ 14 million a year to help fund a stadium.

James W. Dyke Jr., the lead McGuire Woods Battle & Boothe lawyer on the stadium
issue, said the firm estimated that it actually spent about $ 150,000 on
lobbying the legislature. An additional $ 100,000 or so, he said, was spent to
help support a range of stadium-related legal work for the authority, such as
preparing contract bids, hiring engineering, architectural and environmental
consultants and hammering out a state funding proposal.

In the firm's disclosure report, Dyke said, "we erred on the side of putting it
all out there, so people know exactly what's involved."

All told, business interests dominated the lobbying disclosure reports due
Monday for the 12 months that ended April 30. A total of 696 corporations, trade
groups, unions and nonprofit advocacy groups spent $ 7.3 million, slightly less
than last year's $ 7.8 million.

Health care groups spent more than $ 1.2 million in their efforts to influence
state policy.  About 60 groups representing doctors, other health care
professionals, hospitals and insurance and pharmaceutical companies stepped up
lobbying because of a convergence of national trends: the rise of managed care
insurance plans and the backlash from physicians' groups, the collapse of
federal health care reform, and growing pressures on hospitals and drug and
equipment manufacturers to control costs.

This year the combatants wrestled to a draw. Among the measures passed were weak
versions of bills to guarantee new mothers more post-delivery time in hospitals
and limit the power of health maintenance organizations to manage doctors and
patients.

Meanwhile, anti-smoking groups and tobacco companies spent $ 160,000 to
influence the debate over whether to impose limits on teenagers' access to
cigarettes, a plan that was approved. Electric, gas and other utility companies,
led by Virginia Power, spent $ 450,000 in a successful push for less regulation,
and Trigon Blue Cross Blue Shield, the state's largest health insurer, spent $
135,000, in part to secure General Assembly blessing of its managers' $ 1.8
billion plan to convert Trigon to a private stock company.

LOAD-DATE: July 04, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              638 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 13, 1987, Friday, Late City Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

A NAVY WEDTECH MEMO MISSTATED NOFZIGER POST

BYLINE: By JOSH BARBANEL

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 713 words


A 1984 Navy memorandum describing an inquiry by Lyn Nofziger on behalf of the
Wedtech Corporation identified him as ''the President's Political Advisor'' even
though he had left the White House staff 13 months earlier.

Wedtech, a South Bronx military contractor, is at the center of a broad
corruption and bribery investigation. And Mr. Nofziger's lobbying is being
examined by a special prosecutor to determine whether he violated a law limiting
lobbying activity by former top government officials.

While the inquiry described in the memorandum would not appear to violate
Federal conflict-of-interest laws, it raises new questions about the extent of
Mr. Nofziger's efforts on behalf of the company and the way he was identified
within the Government bureaucracy.

The Navy memorandum, written by Comdr. John J. Sullivan, described a telephone
call he received from an aide to Everett Pyatt, the Assistant Secretary of the
Navy for shipbuilding and logistics, on Feb. 16, 1984.

Nofziger Sought Delay

The Navy provided a copy of the memorandum to Senator Carl Levin, Democrat of
Michigan, in response to a request for documents. Senator Levin is chairman of
the Subcommittee on Oversight of Government Management of the Committee on
Governmental Affairs. The subcommittee is planning hearings on Wedtech.

In the memo, Commander Sullivan said the call concerned ''an inquiry from Mr.
Nosinger (Spelling ?), President's Political Advisor, relative to the delivery
date of the technical proposal from Wedtech.''

In January 1984, Wedtech had been notified that it was to receive a contract
without competitive bidding to manufacture 90-foot-long portable pontoons for
the Navy. The contract, which eventually totaled $135 million, was signed the
following April.

Mr. Nofziger, according to the memo, had asked for a delay in the delivery of
the technical proposal, but, Commander Sullivan, in his memo, explained that the
delay would jeopardize a complex delivery schedule. A Navy public affairs
officer, Marge Holtz, said yesterday the request was turned down.

Miss Holtz said the aide to Mr. Pyatt, Adm. James B. Green, who at the time held
the rank of captain, had ''no recollection'' of the conversation with Commander
Sullivan, no recollection of talking to Mr. Nofziger and was certain he would
not have described Mr. Nofziger in the words used in the memo.

Navy officials said Commander Sullivan told them that he had been unfamiliar
with Mr. Nofziger and that he could not recall whether Mr. Nofziger was
described as the current or former adviser to the President.

But the officials said Mr. Nofziger and Mr. Pyatt had ''known each other a long
time'' and it would not be unusual to mention the past affiliation of a former
administration official in sending an inquiry down the chain of command for a
response.

Mr. Nofziger's lawyer, Paul L. Perito, said last night that he had not seen the
memo. But he said that if Mr. Nofziger's position had been improperly identified
in the memo ''there should not necessarily be an inference'' that Mr. Nofziger
misrepresented himself to the Navy.

Last November The New York Times submitted questions to the Navy about Wedtech,
asking among other things, whether Mr. Nofziger and several other former White
House officials had intervened in connection with the contract.

Consulting Fees to Reagan Allies

The Navy responded: ''To the best of our knowledge, there were no communications
by any Navy officials regarding awards for Wedtech with any of the above named
individuals.''

Asked about the apparent discrepancy, Navy officials said the contact with Mr.
Nofziger was in February, after the award of the contract, and pertained to
scheduling, not awards. They suggested that an assistant to Mr. Nofziger might
have called and been erroneously described in the memo as Mr. Nofziger himself.

Law-enforcement officials saidformer Wedtech executives, in their efforts to win
Government contracts, paid hundreds of thousands of dollars in consulting fees
to a number of Californians with ties to the Reagan Administration, according to
law-enforcement officials.

Four former Wedtech officials have pleaded guilty to bribery and have told
prosecutors they bribed more than a dozen government officials.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 14, 1987, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

CORRECTION:
An article yesterday about the Wedtech Corporation and lobbying on its behalf by
Lyn Nofziger, a former top aide to President Reagan, misstated the date of Mr.
Nofziger's departure from the White House staff. It was Jan. 22, 1982.

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              639 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 27, 2015 Thursday

NMC picks Lansing lobbying firm

BYLINE: Michael Walton, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 348 words


Aug. 27--TRAVERSE CITY -- Northwestern Michigan College officials hope
Lansing-based lobbying firm Kelley Cawthorne can help secure state funding for a
$20-million campus improvement project.

Community college officials this week opted to offer a lobbying contract to
Kelley Cawthorne after reviewing proposals from three different firms.

Vicki Cook, NMC's vice president of finance and administration, cited the firm's
track record of securing state funding for community colleges through lawmakers'
annual capital outlay project considerations as the reason for the choice.

"They have years of experience and have had success with capital outlay projects
for other community colleges," Cook said.

NMC officials for years sought funding to aid a $20-million, 35,000-square-foot
expansion and renovation to the college's West Hall. The new space would house
student services functions, multipurpose classrooms, and simulation and learning
labs, with an emphasis on healthcare simulation training.

Each year, though, lawmakers declined to fund the request. The college last
received planning authorization from the legislature for a capital outlay
request in 2005.

Cook said Kelley Cawthorne staffers will review the college's project
application in light of how the state scores capital outlay requests. They'll
also attempt to explain to key legislators how the community would benefit from
the project, she said.

Kelley Cawthorne will charge $4,000 per month for their services, plus up to
$2,000 in pre-authorized "mileage, travel and entertainment" reimbursements,
college records state.

College officials plan to ink a six-month contract with the lobbying firm.
They'll also consider using the other firms that competed with Kelley Cawthorne
for NMC's business -- Lansing-based Acuitas and Traverse City-based Northern
Strategies 360, LLC -- for "other projects," NMC President Tim Nelson wrote in a
recent Board of Trustees update.

___ (c)2015 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150827-ZK-NMC-picks-Lansing-lobbying-firm-0827-20150827

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2015 The Record-Eagle


                              640 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 3, 2006 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

More Political Consultants Are Lobbyists, Too

BYLINE: By MIKE McINTIRE

SECTION: Section B; Column 4; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 392 words


More political consultants in New York have taken on the second role of
lobbyists over the last five years, prompting good-government advocates to press
the city's ethics board to revive attempts to regulate the practice.

An analysis by Citizens Union, a nonprofit policy group, shows that half of the
top 10 consultant-lobbyists last year earned no money from lobbying in 2001, but
gradually adopted the practice, sometimes lobbying the same public officials
they helped elect. Altogether, those 10 firms earned $32 million from lobbying
and consulting from 2002 to 2005, according to the analysis, which the group
intends to present today to the Conflicts of Interest Board.

Dick Dadey, executive director of Citizens Union, said the growing trend
underscored the need for the city to strengthen its lobbying laws. He said
elected officials who pay consultant-lobbyists for their advice, and then
encounter them in their role as lobbyists, face potential ethical dilemmas.

''When a consultant recommends to the candidate that the candidate take a
position on a particular issue, how impartial is that advice?'' said Mr. Dadey.
''When a campaign consultant invoices his candidate, but is also working for a
lobbying client, will the consultant discount the bill because the consultant
knows there may be greater access in the future to the candidate if elected?''

The board has scheduled a public hearing on the issue at 9 a.m. today at New
York Law School. It held an earlier hearing on the same topic last Friday.

The hearings are the board's latest attempt to wrestle with the issue of
consultant-lobbyists. Last year, it issued a memo saying consultants hired by
public officials ''may not lobby or in any other way communicate'' with those
officials on behalf of private clients.

The board quickly rescinded the memo after some of the firms threatened to file
a lawsuit, saying the prohibition infringed on their constitutional right to
free speech. Now, the board is collecting opinions from all sides on whether it
should try again.

At last week's hearing, E. Joshua Rosenkranz, a lawyer for a group of
lobbyist-consultants, said ''the sort of regulation the board is considering is
beyond the limited power that the City Charter bestows on the board,'' and that
even if it did have the power, any such regulation would be unconstitutional.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              641 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 22, 2012 Tuesday

Harlingen commission to discuss lobbying firm proposal today

BYLINE: Emma Perez-Trevino, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 319 words


May 22--HARLINGEN -- City Commission will meet today in special session to
consider and possibly approve an agreement with the lobbying firm of Hogan
Lovells US, LLP for federal government relation services.

The special meeting starts at 11:30 a.m. at City Hall, 118 E. Tyler St.

Mayor Chris Boswell placed the proposal on the agenda. The proposed agreement
with the firm, which has offices in Washington D.C., is not included in the
meeting's agenda packet.

The firm Meyers and Associates has provided lobbying services to the city in the
past.

According to Hogan Lovells' website, it is distinguished by its depth of
knowledge in issues facing regulated industries, with more than a century of
institutional experience in dealing with U.S. federal law, whether in the
federal courts, executive branch departments and agencies, or the U.S. Congress.

"A large number of our lawyers have worked in the federal government, often at
high levels. We draw on our experience working at the intersection of business
and government to help our clients navigate the increasingly complex legal and
regulatory landscape," the firm's website notes.

The firm further notes that its clients include Biotechnology Industry
Organization, Edison Mission Energy, Ford Motor Company, General Electric,
Lockheed Martin Corporation, Novartis, Time Warner Cable, and UnitedHealthcare.

The commission also is slated to act on the second and final reading of an
ordinance amending another ordinance to abandon a right-of-way.

Action had already been taken to abandon the right-of-way, but the legal
description on the ordinance was incorrect and the initial abandonment request
had not been reviewed or processed by the city's Planning and Zoning Department.

eperez-trevino@valleystar.com

___ (c)2012 Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas) Visit Valley Morning Star
(Harlingen, Texas) at www.valleymorningstar.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120522-HR-Harlingen-commission-to-discuss-lobbying
-firm-proposal-today-0522-20120522

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2012 Valley Morning Star


                              642 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            January 19, 2016 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

CLIMATE CHANGE INFLUENCES SHAREHOLDERS CONCERNS;
METHANE EMISSIONS, LOBBYING SUBJECTS OF RESOLUTIONS FILED AHEAD OF ANNUAL
MEETINGS

BYLINE: Anya Litvak, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 913 words


It's not the most efficient way to get your news, but if you want to know what's
been scarring the oil and gas industry in the past year, you can browse through
shareholder resolutions.

Let's go back to the years 2011, 2012, and 2013.

Shale gas development was in full swing. The U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency had begun a study of hydraulic fracturing. And the single most popular
shareholder issue in those years was the environmental impact of fracking.

In 2014, attention turned to greenhouse gas emissions, with more shareholders
asking oil and gas firms to account for their carbon footprint and set goals to
reduce it.

Last year, a corporate governance issue - the ability of shareholders to
nominate candidates for the board of directors - took top billing. With natural
gas prices settling in for a "lower for longer" scenario, there were also a
number of resolutions aimed at getting companies to think about how their assets
could become stranded if either an economic or regulatory environment prohibits
their development.

For this year's slate of resolutions, look no further than the massive gas leak
in California that has displaced thousands of Los Angeles residents and
allegations of a decades-long campaign by Exxon Mobil Corp. to undermine the
climate change movement.

It's still early in this year's proxy season - most companies hold annual
meetings between April and June - but there are two clear issue leaders emerging
in the resolutions filed to date: concerns about methane emissions and political
activity.

"This is a critical moment for investors to press oil and gas companies to be
transparent about their lobbying expenditures and assess whether their lobbying
dollars are spent to maintain the status quo on climate change policy," said
Timothy Smith of Walden Asset Management, which has joined with other
shareholders in filing resolutions with 11 oil and gas firms.

Walden and like-minded shareholders want fossil fuel firms to tell investors
what public policies they're trying to advance, which ones they're hoping to
squash and who they're paying to advance their causes. That includes memberships
in trade associations that often engage in lobbying and litigation on their
members' behalf.

Oklahoma City-based Chesapeake Energy Corp. and Cecil-based Consol Energy Inc.
are facing such resolutions this year.

Shareholder resolutions are typically non-binding and frequently don't garner
majority support at company meetings. Still, they serve as a barometer of
sentiment and are often intended as a consciousness-raising exercise for
shareholders and companies alike.

Lobbying and political activity disclosures have been the most popular cause of
shareholder resolutions across all industries, according to the Manhattan
Institute for Policy Research, which publishes the Proxy Monitor. No such
proposal has ever gotten more than 50 percent of the vote, the institute notes,
and so some activist investors who continue to be concerned about political
spending have given up trying to force disclosure through resolutions.

Not in the energy industry, though, where proposals to account for political
activity are growing, just as the policies and environmental regulations
impacting the industry increase.

It's not just a moral imperative to support climate change action, Walden
states. It's about the bottom line.

Last year, the New York state attorney general concluded a two-year
investigation into coal producer Peabody Energy that found the company didn't
disclose to investors the financial risks stemming from climate change
regulations. That followed the launch of a separate investigation into whether
Exxon Mobil had kept from the public what it knew about man-made climate change.

"The attorney general's actions really show that this is a financial risk; it is
a litigation risk for the companies; and it's also a survival risk for the
companies after Paris," said Shanna Cleveland, a senior manager at Ceres, a
Boston nonprofit that tracks and advances environmentally-minded shareholder
resolutions.

She was referring to the Paris climate conference which, in December, secured
commitments from developed and developing countries to keep temperature rise
below 2 degrees Celsius.

Building on that momentum, at least half a dozen resolutions filed so far are
asking oil and gas companies such as Chevron, Noble Corp. and Exxon Mobil to
stress-test their business plans against a world where temperature growth is
held below 2 degrees.

The second most popular topic of shareholder resolutions this year is methane
emission disclosures.

A leak in California's largest gas storage field, still uncontrolled since it
was first reported in October, has added fuel to the notion that methane
emissions will become an increasing liability for oil and gas companies.

The Environmental Protection Agency has proposed rules to curb methane leaks
from wells and pipelines, as have several states with shale gas development.

A new entrant into the environmental proxy arsenal is a proposal to sever a link
between how much executives get paid and how much the company adds to its
reserves. Often, executive bonuses are tied to a company's rate of replacing the
oil and gas it produces during a year, but Ms. Cleveland said investors are
looking for new metrics that don't incentivize accumulating assets that may
become stranded down the road.

Hopefully, she said, such proposals also will change how analysts and rating
agencies value oil and gas firms.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: PowerSource/ Anya Litvak: alitvak@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1455.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Jim Urquhart/Associated Press: The Yellowstone River flows past
the Exxon Mobil refinery in Billings, Mont. The energy company is one of
several, also including Chevron and Noble Corp., that is facing shareholder
resolutions asking to stress-test their business plans against a world where
temperature growth is held below 2 degrees, as agreed to during the recent Paris
climate change conference.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              643 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          Ledger Dispatch (California)

                    February 29, 2000 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

SOME FUZZY SOLUTIONS FOR EAST COUNTY

BYLINE: Terry Ramus and Tom McNell

SECTION: OPINION; Guest Commentary; Pg. 09

LENGTH: 1267 words


CLEARLY TRAFFIC, infrastructure, residential growth and more local employment
are the key issues in this election cycle, and in the last election cycle and in
future election cycles to come. Unfortunately, the positions of the candidates
are unclear on these issues with less than two weeks before the election. This
is true for the supervisor, Assembly and senate seats. Sure everyone says that
it is the important issue and we are told that they care. However, the
candidates propose only fuzzy actions.

We are undecided voters awaiting some real information on the one issue that
swings our vote in East County: traffic and more traffic.

Which candidates will actually propose some specific actions before the
election? Do it right here in the newspaper in the next week so that we can vote
intelligently. If we have missed your specific action plan then please concisely
restate it here in the newspaper. One campaign recently complained that the
paper did not get it right. I countered that they are free to correct it in an
editorial.

The supervisor's race and the traffic issues are an example. All the candidates
say that Highway 4 is unacceptable, but the only solution that I have seen is to
do more lobbying. Haven't these politically active candidates already been
lobbying? If so, then what are their results?

We have been doing lobbying also but it does not seem to get us very far. Let us
give an example: For two years we have been lobbying to open the existing
car-pool lane on Highway 4 west. Most drivers know that Highway 4 morning
traffic backups on the new part of freeway past the BART station. All of our
representatives say that they support opening this lane immediately, but it is
not open two years later.

Caltrans and the Contra Costa Transportation Authority have provided a changing
list of excuses over this two-year period and lobbying does not seem to help.

It also appears that the Willow Pass grade will continue to be a westbound
pinch-point once the car-pool lane is open to meter East County traffic into
Central County. Which candidates have a position and an action plan on this?
What is their position and plan for faster completion of Highway 4? The problem
is as much about inefficient planning as it is about funding. What is your plan
to deal with this?

No significant progress has been made on Vasco Road either, and we have not seen
a plan for action from the candidates. All agree that Vasco Road is a problem
and they agree to crawl on hands-and-knees to Alameda County that has no
incentive to help. Action could be taken to support legislation that would
designate Vasco Road as an extension of state Highway 84 connecting East County
to the Livermore Valley and Silicon Valley. This would take it out of the
exclusive hands of Alameda County.

Which candidates have an action plan on Vasco Road? What about an action plan to
improve the stop-light problem on Vasco Road at Camino Diablo Road?

Meanwhile some candidates support a new state Highway 329 to connect Tracy with
East County. Has anyone considered that this will create a commute-through
nightmare from the Central Valley?

What are the candidates positions on this?

The Assembly and Senate positions also are very important for solving these
traffic problems above. These candidates should describe their positions and
action plans for the above questions in the paper also.

What legislation will they sponsor to correct these problems? What red-tape
planning will they circumvent? What funds will they seek?

Specifically when and how will they take action? Let's hear more about what they
will do instead of what someone else did not do. So far the state has committed
only a small fraction of the $400 million in funds required to fix Highway 4.
MTC, CCTA, CTA, Caltrans and a long list of alphabet-soup government agencies
have combined to propose a ridiculous 20-year project.

When pressed, some of our representatives claim that a solution is no longer
possible. I would like to know which candidates believe that they can overcome
the problems instead of giving excuses?

At this point, some of our representatives will claim that public transit is the
"real" answer and that highways are politically incorrect.

Public transportation is fine, but for some reason most of us voters choose to
take the highways. Maybe it is the meandering bus routes, poor parking and extra
time that it takes many of us to reach our destinations.

Which of the candidates are serious about highway solutions in East County?
Which candidates see public transportation as only part of the solution, not the
entire solution?

The Congressional candidates also have some work to do on transportation.

The approximately 9 million federal dollars for Highway 4 expansion is a nice
appetizer toward a $400 million project. A big chunk of the recent 680/24
project was federal dollars but now it is politically incorrect to spend
transportation dollars in the suburbs. Which candidates can deliver on some
federal help for Highway 4?

The above transportation nightmare is a nice backdrop for the growth issue. The
supervisor's race will be important along with the directions that cities take
in East County.

Recently Antioch has worked on a growth-reduction agenda that still has a long
way to go. It is even less clear what other cities in East County will do. More
business development with quality jobs can allow additional East County
homeowners to work in the local area, but this will likely take some time to
really happen. Cities and the county also discuss improving cooperation on
business development projects and this is also a good direction. However, at
this time, another home means another car or two on the freeways to pay for that
home.

The current supervisor has proposed a tighter urban limit line to reduce the
growth in an overcrowded region. We have only seen one supervisor candidate
support this. What action will the other candidates take besides more
overdevelopment?

The proposed Cowell project would create a new town south of Brentwood. We have
only seen one candidate who opposes this project. The others have used "weasel
words" to avoid a position. Which candidates support Cowell and which oppose
Cowell?

Any candidate running for office should not require more study on this topic.
Antioch has asked to double the East County transportation fee on each new home
and the issue is now under study. Since most of the current Highway 4 dollars
come from this fee, which candidates will support an increase after the study is
complete?

These are some ideas, but certainly not all the ideas. Let's see the candidates'
concise action plans on the traffic and growth issue. This is the only way to
make an intelligent vote. Voters also must realize that if we do not take some
time to get educated before we vote, then we probably will get more of the same
problems. Voting the party, the union card or any other list is not using your
power as a voter on this issue.

It is surprising how a few calls from voters can help move political
representatives along in the right direction. Try it and then check up on them
once in a while. We are also just regular people who are busy with our families,
jobs, etc. Unfortunately, we do not have even more time to spend everyday day in
mind-numbing traffic. We have reached our limit, how about you? If so, then pick
up the phone and take some action.

Terry Ramus and Tom McNell were authors of Measure U, the advisory measure to
limit Antioch growth that was passed by voters in 1998.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                             March 8, 2007 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

people in the news;
Driving force behind transit agency;
Marian Bergeson, fresh off a term leading a state commission, looks forward to
jumping from planes.

BYLINE: BY BRIAN JOSEPH; THE ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. County_B

LENGTH: 505 words


SACRAMENTO After days of intense lobbying, the California Transportation
Commission last week doled out $4.5 billion in congestion-relief funds.
Originally, part of the amount was to be allocated in 2008, but the allocations
were clumped together after the lobbying effort began.

Leading the commission was former Orange County lawmaker Marian Bergeson.

It had been a while since the Newport Beach resident had been in the political
spotlight, but Bergeson managed it calmly as the commission drew praise for its
decisions. Local officials were pleased Orange County projects received $383.5
million in bond funds and said when the lobbying became fierce, Bergeson's
presence was reassuring.

Q: Los Angeles County was one of the biggest winners, taking home roughly $800
million more than initially recommended. How much pressure did L.A. officials
exert, and did that play a role in the commission's decision?

A: The second allocation really required us to look very carefully at those
areas that needed to be addressed, particularly with congestion management. That
is where you have corridors that are horribly congested, which meant the urban
areas. That was primarily the Bay Area and Los Angeles. ... So, obviously, there
was a good deal more attention given to the urban areas.

And yes, the lobbying was intense, threatening, and I would say as intense as
I've ever seen.

Q: Orange County garnered $22 million more than originally recommended. How do
you feel Orange County fared?

A: I think Orange County did very well, understanding, too, that what happens in
Orange and Riverside affects both counties. The 91 (freeway) is probably one of
our greatest problems, and where there were provisions made for Riverside
County, those still benefit Orange County.

Q: What else do you think Orange County needs?

A: One of the major issues that's not just Orange County but throughout the
state ... is what we call the goods movement. That is how we move the trucks and
the trains from the ports to all the various areas where they're bound for. And
that impacts Orange County.

Grade crossings -- in other words, ways of getting the trains going through some
of our communities as conveniently as possible rather than holding up traffic
and, obviously, (causing) safety problems.

Q: You've served in the public eye since the 1960s, and your term on the
transportation board expires in February 2008. What's next for Marian Bergeson?

A: I'm going to go sky diving. Really. In fact, Will Kempton, who's the (state)
director of transportation, and I are going to go. ... I've been before. It's
not a new experience.

I'd like to help people run for office. I'd like to see good candidates get
elected. And, obviously, I'd like to see more Republican women out there.
They've got the ability and should have the backing and the encouragement to put
them into office.

Young friends:Kindergartner Sari Lafer hands Marian Bergeson a bouquet of
flowers at Bergeson's namesake elementary school in Laguna Niguel.

916-449-6046 or  bjoseph@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2007 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 12, 1998, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Casinos, lobbying are winning combination for tribes

BYLINE: Jim Drinkard

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 919 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- The Mashantucket Pequots' dazzling national lobbying
office reflects the success of the tribe's Connecticut casino.
The etched glass walls, custom woodwork, turquoise frieze and
Native American art rival the capital's swankiest clubs and blue-chip
law offices.

Gambling has brought a few Indian tribes, like the Pequots, breathtaking
wealth. For many others, it has brought subsistence, a break from
oppressive poverty. And it has brought a lot of them to Washington
to defend their new business.


Throughout modern history, a few tribes have hired Washington
lawyers to represent them in land or water disputes. But in the
decade since tribes were permitted to set up gambling enterprises,
two new industries have flourished: Indian casinos and lobbying
to support them.

"There are more tribes now who have the money to hire somebody
in Washington than there used to be," says Harry Sachse, a veteran
lobbyist for a firm that represents more than a dozen tribes.

Nearly 200 tribes -- or tribal units like schools and water districts
-- have their own lobbyists here, representing what one congressional
official estimated is a five-fold increase since the advent of
casino gambling on reservations. Most of the lobbyists are either
lawyers familiar with the arcane statutes governing tribes or
influence brokers hired for their political connections.

"There's no question in my mind that the tribes that have casinos
and are making a good bit of money now are much more active, and
they are hiring much more high-profile Washington-based firms,"
says Sen. Ben Nighthorse Campbell, R-Colo., chairman of the Senate
Indian Affairs Committee.

"The object of any lobbying effort is to open doors," he said.
"Whether you like it or not, that's the reality of how it is
done."

Much of the lobbying is aimed at the Interior Department, which
regulates tribal affairs. On Wednesday, Attorney General Janet
Reno asked for an independent counsel to investigate whether Interior
Secretary Bruce Babbitt misled Congress in testimony about a disputed
Wisconsin Indian casino application.

The dispute between the Minnesota and Wisconsin tribes that led
to Babbitt's predicament was an example of what Campbell called
a growing phenomenon: tribes turning their economic and political
clout against each other.

In a 1995 memo, White House aide Loretta Avent wrote her boss,
Harold Ickes, that it would be "disastrous" for the Clinton
administration to meddle in such rivalries.

Tribal leaders, she wrote, have "already gone ballistic about
other tribal governments who have greater access to the administration
because of their ability to pay hired guns . . . and their belief
that this unfairly gets things to happen."

At the same time they've retained lobbyists, tribes have begun
to participate heavily in political fund-raising. From a trickle
in 1992, donations by Indians rose to $ 1.8 million in the 1996
elections, and 86% of it went to Democrats. At least eight tribal
representatives were invited to White House fund-raising coffees
in 1996. And the Pequots bought $ 23,542 worth of tickets to President
Clinton's inauguration last year.

Indian contributions as a proportion of all political giving by
gaming interests have risen from about 8% in 1992 to 28% last
year.

Indian gambling in 1995 brought in $ 4.5 billion, slightly more
than 10% of the revenues from all gambling nationally.

A memo from a former Indian lobbyist to the White House in 1995
argued for better treatment for tribes, pointing out that "there
is a lot of money in Indian country."

The lobbyist was Kevin Gover, who was sworn in last year as assistant
secretary of the Interior for Indian Affairs.

Although the growth of gambling has fueled the growth in lobbying,
it's not the only reason, says JoAnn Chase, executive director
of the National Congress of American Indians. Republican control
of Congress has brought a series of "hostile" legislative initiatives,
she said, from threats to tribal sovereignty to taxing gambling
income to cutting federal benefits for wealthier tribes.

As many as 70 tribal lobbyists meet at least biweekly to parcel
out lobbying assignments. And tribes are considering buying their
own building in Washington that would provide workspace for individual
tribes as well as tribal organizations like her own, Chase says.

Other lobbyists said tribes are learning from grass-roots groups
like organized labor and the Christian Coalition to harness their
political power through voter registration and turnout efforts.
That could make a potent difference in states like Arizona, New
Mexico, Montana, Alaska and the Dakotas.

Learning the culture of Washington has at times been painful.
In 1996, Oklahoma's Cheyenne-Arapaho Tribe drained its welfare
fund to donate $ 107,000 to the Democrats, believing that would
lead to return of tribal lands taken by the government. Tribal
leaders won a lunch with Clinton, but nothing else. After the
donation was publicized, the party returned the money.

It is all part of a necessary, if awkward, growth stage for tribes,
Chase says. "That is outweighed by the danger of remaining neutral.
Not participating will cause us more damage than the growing pains."


Gaming politics

Political contributions from Indian gaming interests:

Election cycle
'91-'92    $224,900
'93-'94    $634,450
'95-'96  $1,841,741

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Sam Ward, USA TODAY, Sources:Federal Election Commission,
Center for Responsive Politics(Bar graph); PHOTO, b/w, AP

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              646 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                               May 7, 2007 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

This Just In

BYLINE: By NICHOLAS CONFESSORE

SECTION: Section B; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk; THE EMPIRE ZONE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 252 words


The State Ethics Commission said Friday that it was fining one of Senate
Majority Leader Joseph L. Bruno's top aides, Jeffrey Lovell, for receiving
tickets to college basketball games in 2003. This came almost two years after
the state's Temporary Commission on Lobbying settled with Syracuse University
over gifts the school had made to various state officials with whom it did
business -- including tickets to Mr. Lovell, then a top aide to Gov. George E.
Pataki.

The tickets' total value exceeded the $75 legal limit for such gifts. Syracuse
eventually agreed to pay $5,000 to the Lobbying Commission and amend its
lobbying report to acknowledge that it had broken lobbying rules.

But what about Mr. Lovell? State law bars executive branch officials from
receiving such gifts. On Friday, the Ethics Commission, which has sometimes been
criticized for moving slowly, found Mr. Lovell in violation of state law and
fined him $280. He had already reimbursed Syracuse for the tickets.

Walter Ayres, a spokesman for the Ethics Commission, which will soon be merged
with the Lobbying Commission to become the Commission on Public Integrity, said
that the investigation began in 2005 and that ''we proceeded with the
investigation as we learned more information.'' Under state law, he said, he
could not divulge information that was not a part of the commission's formal
finding.

Generally speaking, he added, ''we wait until we have all that information
before reaching a determination.''   NICHOLAS CONFESSORE

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              647 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      August 5, 2003 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

Mayor ends lobbying pact Move could save city $ 50,000

BYLINE: Karen E. Crummy , Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 366 words


Mayor John Hickenlooper has terminated one of the city's costly and
controversial lobbying contracts, The Post has learned.


The $ 242,000 no-bid contract with Westin Rinehart, a Washington,  D.C., firm
hired by former Mayor Wellington Webb, will be  discontinued Aug. 16, according
to Michael Bennet, Hickenlooper's  chief of staff.


The contract's term was through December. Its termination is  expected to save
the city about $ 50,000.


Since Jan. 1, 2002, Westin Rinehart has received $ 10,000 a month.


Immediately before leaving office, Webb directed the Hickenlooper
administration to end the contract.


'He didn't feel he needed the contract, and we are revisiting the  (lobbying)
contracts,' Bennet said. 'We think it's the right  decision.'


With a $ 47 million budget shortfall this year and $ 70 million next  year, the
city is also taking a look at other contracts.


Bennet is scheduled to meet with the Denver-based lobbying firm  Price Howlett
today to discuss its work for the city.


In March, Webb signed a one-year, no-bid contract with the firm for  $ 400,000.
The contract came on the heels of a Post report that  Denver doled out $ 1
million in lobbying contracts last year. The  city also spent $ 2.7 million on
federal lobbyists from 1997 to 2000  - more than much bigger cities, including
Los Angeles and Chicago.


'We're going to decide if it's worthwhile to have paid lobbyists  or if it's
more efficient to do things another way,' Bennet said.


Price Howlett, which has lobbied on behalf of the city for years,  still has
five months on its contract.


Webb signed the agreement with Westin Rinehart in July 2002 for two  years of
professional lobbying services at $ 10,000 per month. At  that time, Westin,
which has been associated with Webb through  their mutual involvement in the
U.S. Conference of Mayors, was not  even registered to lobby.


The terms were retroactive to Jan. 1, so Westin received $ 60,000  for the back
months, even though it was not under contract with the  city.


More recently, the firm helped sponsor Webb's hosting of the U.S.  Conference of
Mayors in June.

LOAD-DATE: August 05, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             March 20, 1995 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Senator burned by tobacco lobbying for Philip Morris

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: DURHAM; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 373 words


RALEIGH -- Former state Senator and congressional candidate Sandy Sands -- once
tagged by a campaign opponent as a tobacco foe -- now lobbies for Philip Morris
USA at the General Assembly in the interests of smoking.

Sands, a lawyer, joined a prestigious Winston-Salem law firm last month and took
on food and tobacco conglomerate Philip Morris as one of his lobbying clients.

The former Democratic candidate's work with Philip Morris comes after he was
branded last fall by U.S. Rep. Richard Burr as insensitive to the needs of
tobacco farmers and the industry. Burr, a Republican, defeated Sands in
November.

``[Burr's campaign] said I raised tobacco taxes,'' Sands told the Winston-Salem
Journal last week. ``Here I was doing everything I could do to get it [the state
cigarette tax] down from 10 cents, which is what the House proposal was. Yet in
the campaign, I was pegged as an anti-tobacco, tax-and-spend type.''

Sands, who travels the halls of the Legislature as a registered lobbyist, says
that even in tobacco-friendly North Carolina, tobacco companies need to keep
track of state laws.

Sands was a state senator representing Rockingham County for eight years before
the congressional bid, and said that despite his Democratic credentials, he has
been able to work with the Republican leadership in the House.

``At some of the committee meetings I've been to, there is a lot of
inexperience. People have not yet grasped some of things I took as second
nature,'' he said. ``I don't think that's because they're Republicans, but
because there are a lot of new members.''

Sands' lobbying through the law firm of Womble Carlyle Sandridge & Rice -- the
state's largest -- brings advantages to both employer and employee. The firm
gained a lawyer intimate with the workings in Raleigh who ranked fourth in
effectiveness in the Senate last session. And as a former senator, Sands retains
his floor privileges.

Sands shut down his longtime private practice in Reidsville after more than 20
years to take the new job. But being able to remain in Raleigh with his new firm
gives him a presence should he wish to return to politics.

Sands said he hasn't given his political future much thought, but looks back on
his public career with satisfaction.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1995 The Durham Herald Co.


                              649 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           August 27, 1997, Wednesday

California consumer group: $24 million spent on lobbying

BYLINE: BY RON LENT

SECTION: INSURANCE; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 432 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


A California consumer group has reported that the insurance industry spent more
than $24 million on lobbying expenses during the 1995-96 state legislative
session.

""Almost every penny insurers have spent on lobbying goes to enriching
themselves at the expense of consumers, taxpayers and voters,'' said Harvey
Rosenfield, executive director of the Proposition 103 Enforcement Project in
Santa Monica, which issued the report.

Predictably, state Insurance Department spokeswoman Lisa Acheson didn't seem
terribly pleased with the report, nor were those who were named in it.

""The Proposition 103 Enforcement Project has resorted to throwing mud because
they have failed to articulate convincing policy arguments,'' said Ms.  Acheson.

State Farm of Bloomington, Ill., headed the list with $1.99 million, according
to the report, followed by the Kaiser Foundation Health Plan Inc. of Oakland,
$1.36 million; the Association of California Insurance Cos. in Sacramento, $1.35
million; the San Francisco-based California State Automobile Association/CSAA
Inter-Insurance Bureau, $1 million; and Farmers of Los Angeles, $951,784.

State Farm spokesman Bill Sirola talked about fees that consumer groups have
collected since Proposition 103 was passed by California voters in 1988.

""Proposition 103 has been a proverbial cash cow for consumer groups in general
and the Proposition 103 Enforcement Project in particular,'' he said. ""Consumer
groups have collected over $4.3 million in reimbursements for their
participation as intervenors in various Department of Insurance proceedings
since 1988.''

The report also listed four firms and the amounts they spent for insurance
industry clients during the last legislative session: LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene &
MacRae of San Francisco, $2.28 million; and three Sacramento firms, Norwood and
Pedrotti, $1.49 million; Richard Robinson & Associates, $1.3 million; and
Carpenter, Snodgrass & Associates, $1 million.

The $24 million lobbying expense for the 1995-1996 session is equal to almost
one-fourth of the insurers' total lobbying expenses since 1983 of $108, 571,273.

Barry Carmody, Association of California Insurance Cos. president, said: "" Only
with expensive political campaigns and hard work has the insurance industry been
able to defeat these self-serving, wrongheaded (legislative) proposals of trial
lawyers and Mr. Rosenfield.

""The public is waking up to the fact that Mr. Rosenfield's motives are in
synchronization with the trial lawyers and when they walk down the street
together, they cast one shadow.''

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              650 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                            March 29, 2001 Thursday

School lobbying bill may miss deadline

BYLINE: Pat Mack

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 510 words


Passing a bill to force schools to disclose lobbying expenses became a more
difficult task this session after the chairman of the House Education Committee
did not allow a vote on the bill Tuesday.

"I think there are a number of questions that must be ironed out before we pass
the bill," Committee chairman Harry Mares, R-White Bear Lake, said in an
interview after the meeting.

The bill's chief authors are Rep. Gene Pelowski, DFL-Winona, and Rep. Marty
Seifert, R-Marshall. Pelowski called Mares' decision a disappointment. If the
committee does not approve the bill this week, it will miss the first
legislative deadline, making it less likely to be approved this session.

The bill would:

* Require every school board to publish budgets for the current year and actual
expenditures for the previous year by October 1. The budgets must include the
amount of money and other resources used for lobbying.

* Require each school district to set a policy on what district resources can be
used on lobbying.

* Allow school district to spend "reasonable" funds to lobby for a ballot
measure or other government initiative.

Eight districts in the state hire an outside lobbyist.

Most districts spend a few thousand dollars per year to join educational
associations that have lobbyists on their staff.

Bob Meeks, a lobbyist with the Minnesota School Boards Association, told the
committee he has some concerns about the bill. He said one of the unintended
consequences of the bill could be that districts are prohibited from joining
associations that lobby.

"I do think there is an obligation on school boards to be informed how
legislative proposals will affect their districts," Meeks said.

He also said a district that bans lobbying activities by teachers during the
school day would find such a policy impossible to enforce. "If a teacher sends
an e-mail during the legislative day, who's going to know?" Meeks asked.

Lobbyists already must register with the Campaign Finance and Public Disclosure
Board and budget information, including how much is spent on lobbying, is
already public information, Meeks said.

Mares and Meeks both said the bill seemed aimed at drawing attention to
districts that are using children to lobby. Pelowski said teachers in a handful
of districts give extra credit to students who write legislators about their
concerns about school funding.

"The issue is in the forefront," Mares said. "I hope the message has been sent
that you don't use children to lobby."

Pelowski said districts should rely on legislators to keep them informed of
important education bills, instead of spending thousands of dollars on a
lobbyist. He added that the bill does not ban lobbying, it only makes districts
disclose their expenses.

He also said the bill is not dead. House Taxes Committee Chairman Ron Abrams,
R-Minnetonka, may bring the bill up for a vote in his committee, which is not
subject to the Friday deadline. The measure also could show up as an amendment
on the House floor.

"We are never done," Pelowski said.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           November 28, 1993, Sunday

Poll wars: Bowl bids rest in voters' hands W. Virginia, FSU hunger for slice of
Orange

BYLINE: By Tony Barnhart STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Section G; Page 3

LENGTH: 889 words


Gainesville, Fla. - Florida State, as Charlie Ward put it so well, made its
claim to a shot at the national championship Saturday by beating No. 7 Florida
33-21 and snapping the Gators' 23-game home winning streak. Now it's up to the
voters in the writers' and coaches' polls to determine if the Seminoles (11-1)
deserve a chance at No. 1 Nebraska (11-0) instead of 11-0 West Virginia.

Both polls will be released this afternoon. If Florida State can maintain its
No. 2 ranking in the bowl coalition poll, which combines the point totals of the
two major polls, it will get the berth in the Orange Bowl against Nebraska for
the national championship.

Last week Florida State held a substantial 162-point lead over third place West
Virginia, which closed out a perfect regular season Friday with a 17-14 win over
Boston College. Afterward, West Virginia coach Don Nehlen began lobbying for his
Mountaineers, whom he believes should leapfrog over FSU and get a shot at
Nebraska. He was still lobbying Saturday as he made the rounds of the network
television shows during Saturday's games.

"Even as dumb as I am I can understand that if there are only two unbeaten teams
at the end of the regular season, they should get to play for the national
title," said Nehlen, whose 11-0 team lost to Notre Dame in a national
championship game in the 1989 Fiesta Bowl.

"I don't care how good Florida State is," Nehlen said. "A team that has not won
all their games has not done all it can to win the national title. This team has
done everything it could and deserves a chance to play for it."

One of the keys to the final point totals will be how much the coaches
sympathize with the plight of Nehlen, who faces the prospect of going 12-0 and
not getting a shot at the title. A week ago they voted West Virginia third
behind Nebraska and Florida State, but the Mountaineers were only 10 points out
of second place. If a significant number of coaches change their votes and place
West Virginia second, it would certainly help the Mountaineers' cause.

The other key is how much of an effect Nehlen's argument will have on the
writers. In the previous poll they'd voted West Virginia fifth behind Florida,
Nebraska, Auburn and Notre Dame. Florida State had 151 more points in the
writers' poll than did West Virginia but only 11 more in the coaches poll.

So Saturday night the teams from Florida State and West Virginia were aware
their collective fates were in the hands of 124 sportswriters and coaches who
today will decide just which teams will play for the national title.

"If we don't get a shot at it then it's just political," said Nehlen, fully
aware that Bobby Bowden could be saying the same thing this afternoon.

The bowl lineup won't officially be decided until the bowl coalition makes its
announcement in Atlanta on Dec. 5. But the Thanksgiving weekend brought the
entire bowl picture into sharper focus. Here is a rundown:

Orange: Nebraska's in as the Big Eight champion and will play the No. 2 team in
the bowl coalition poll. Last week that was Florida State, but West Virginia is
making a late charge. The smart money is on the Seminoles, which means that
either Nebraska's Tom Osborne or Bowden will finally win a national
championship.

Cotton: Southwest Conference champ Texas A&M is in. The Aggies will move ahead
of Florida in the polls today, meaning the Cotton Bowl will pick second in the
coalition regardless of who wins the SEC championship game between Florida and
Alabama. If West Virginia does not jump over Florida State and go to the Orange,
the Cotton says it will take the Mountaineers. Of course, a year ago the Cotton
passed on No. 4 Florida State and took No. 5 Notre Dame.

Sugar: The winner of Saturday's SEC championship game in Birmingham will go to
New Orleans as the host team. If the Cotton keeps its word and takes West
Virginia, then Notre Dame will be available. Notre Dame has let it be known that
it would prefer the Sugar after going to the Cotton last season.

Fiesta: Two weeks ago, the Fiesta thought it would get a national title rematch
of Florida State-Notre Dame. Now it will get the top runner- up from the
participating conferences. That looks like Big East runner-up Miami (9-2)
against Pac-10 runnerup Arizona (9-2).

Rose: UCLA is in as the Pac-10 champion, but the Big Ten entry won't be decided
until Wisconsin (8-1-1) meets Michigan State Saturday night in Tokyo. A win puts
the Badgers in Pasadena and sends Ohio State to the Holiday Bowl to play WAC
champ Brigham Young. If Wisconsin loses, it goes to the Holiday and Ohio State
goes to the Rose.

Citrus: The Citrus Bowl, which gets the SEC's No. 2 team, will announce Monday
if it will take the loser of the conference championship game or some other
highly ranked SEC team. Tennessee (9-1-1) will be the highest-ranked team in the
SEC and come Monday the Citrus will take the Volunteers. Penn State (9-2), which
rallied to beat Michigan State Saturday, will provide the opposition from the
Big Ten.

Gator: ACC runner-up North Carolina (10-2) will get squeezed out of the big
bowls and will play the SEC's No. 3 team, the loser of the SEC championship game
between Florida and Alabama.

Peach: Unofficially, Clemson (8-3) and Kentucky (6-5) are locked in. They'll
meet in the Georgia Dome on Dec. 31 at 6 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH933370886

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              652 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 24, 2004 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Official Says Lobbying Law He Enforces Is Too Weak

BYLINE: By MARC SANTORA

SECTION: Section B; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 711 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Feb. 23


In a surprisingly blunt criticism of the law he is charged with enforcing, the
director of the state's lobbying commission said on Monday that the existing
lobbying statute was ''a pretty weak law'' that may be unconstitutional.

The official, David M. Grandeau, the executive director of the Temporary State
Commission on Lobbying, also said he would recommend that all civil penalties in
cases pending before the commission be suspended.

''That effectively makes us a toothless tiger for some period of time,'' Mr.
Grandeau said. His remarks came only three days after a judge here ordered that
the commission postpone its hearing scheduled for Wednesday with the hip-hop
impresario Russell Simmons and others. Their lawyer had gone to the courts
arguing that his clients' right to due process had been violated, and the judge
ruled that more time was needed to consider the evidence.

Mr. Grandeau's comments placed the state's attorney general, Eliot Spitzer, in
an odd position, since he acts as the lawyer for the lobbying commission. Mr.
Spitzer is forced to defend a lobbying law even after Mr. Grandeau, who is
charged with enforcing it, has publicly called it into question.

''The law is a good one; it has proven its worth time and time again,'' said
Darren Dopp, a spokesman for Mr. Spitzer. ''If it is struck down, it will not be
a good thing.'' Mr. Dopp said that because Mr. Spitzer was obligated to act as
Mr. Grandeau's lawyer, it would not be appropriate for him to speak specifically
about Mr. Grandeau's comments.

The tensions between the two men over the Simmons case go back at least to last
fall, when Mr. Grandeau said the attorney general was not defending the lobbying
commission's legal position.

Mr. Simmons, who has helped lead a campaign to soften the state's
Rockefeller-era drug laws, has been fighting attempts by the lobbying commission
to fine him for not declaring lobbying expenses. Mr. Simmons has contended that
he was not lobbying but simply expressing his views in a public forum.

The judge has yet to rule on that larger point, but James Featherstonhaugh, a
lawyer for Mr. Simmons and the others challenging the fines, filed a separate
motion with the state Supreme Court in Albany to suspend the lobbying commission
hearing, arguing that they had not had time to prepare a proper defense and were
not properly informed about the details of the hearing.

In a radio interview Monday morning on WROW, Mr. Grandeau said he thought Mr.
Featherstonhaugh had a good case and that he does not want to be put in the
position of enforcing an unconstitutional law. In an interview later, he said,
''I think there is some real concern about the due process that we afford
people.''

He added: ''There are going to be people out there who say I am doing this just
to get a new law. They are not all wrong.'' He said he believed that if his
comments helped compel the court to throw out the existing law, his impact could
be positive.

''Then we have a situation where we have a blank slate and a great opportunity
for the governor and Legislature to get together and write a law that is a model
for the rest of the nation,'' he said.

Asked what would happen if the law is declared unconstitutional but a
replacement is not enacted, Mr. Grandeau said, ''Shame on them.''

Blair Horner, the legislative director for the New York Public Interest Research
Group, said his group has been seeking to broaden the state's lobbying laws for
years.

Currently, the law requires that anyone who is paid or spends more than $2,000 a
year to influence legislators or the governor on a bill must register as a
lobbyist and disclose expenses, fees and payments every two months.

Without the ability to levy fines, Mr. Horner said, the lobbying commission
would basically be powerless.

He was hopeful that if the current law is ruled unconstitutional, it would force
lawmakers to pass a better law requiring more disclosure and restrictions.

''The public has a right to know who is getting paid big bucks to lobby
politicians,'' he said.

He added that if the law was to be struck down and nothing done to replace it,
''there will only be disclosure requirements with no enforcement. It would be a
law designed for angels.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              653 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           December 27, 2011 Tuesday

News In Brief Tech ticker Biz buzz

BYLINE: Mercury News wire services Mercury News wire services and staff reports

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 385 words


STATE, LOCAL

First Solar's lobbying efforts paying off

Arizona-based First Solar, a solar panel maker that decided to chop 60 jobs in
Santa Clara and lowered its profit forecasts this month, has won government aid
while cultivating political relationships from California to the White House.

First Solar moved to eliminate the jobs in its South Bay research center after
receiving $3.43 million in state sales tax credits. The federal government
provided $3 billion in loan guarantees to the company, the most of any
recipient.

Government aid to renewable-energy companies and their lobbying efforts have
been under scrutiny by lawmakers since the collapse of Fremont-based Solyndra ,
a solar panel maker that filed for bankruptcy in September after winning $535
million in U.S. loan guarantees.

First Solar spent $2.2 million on lobbying in Washington since 2007 and
representatives met Obama administration officials before winning the aid,
government records show. In California, the company gave $150,000 to campaigns
last year, according to the secretary of state's office.

-- Bloomberg News

Chevron sells coal mine for $179M in Wyoming

San Ramon-based Chevron's mining unit has sold a mine in Wyoming for $179
million plus $14 million in working capital.

Chevron Mining sold the coal mine to Westmoreland Coal. The mine is located in
the Hams Fork region of southwestern Wyoming.

The deal includes 118 million tons of coal reserves, enough for 20 years of
production.

Cavium cuts revenue forecast for Q4

San Jose-based Cavium has slashed its fourth quarter outlook, saying demand is
weak on the part of corporate customers.

The producer of chips for networking and communications equipment makers expects
revenue to range from $56 million to $57 million in the current quarter.

Previously, Cavium had predicted quarterly revenue to range from $60.9 million
to $62.3 million.

The company's shares plunged 6 percent in after-hours trading.

24 Hour Fitness set to reopen in Oakland

San Ramon-based 24 Hour Fitness is due to reopen its club in downtown Oakland on
Thursday.

The club at 2050 Webster St. closed in early December for renovations and
equipment upgrades.

The upgrades include a remodeled training area, updated cardio equipment,
improved locker rooms, and a revamp of its Kids' Club, Cycle and Group X rooms.

-- Staff

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 5, 2011 Saturday

DRINK MAKERS LEAD $211M LOBBY GUSHER

BYLINE: BRENDAN SCOTT, Post Correspondent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 528 words


ALBANY - Fights over then-Gov. Paterson's efforts to tax soda and expand wine
sales put the pop and fizz into a record $211 million lobbying tide last year
with advocates on both sides spending like drunken sailors.

An analysis released yesterday by the government reform group NYPIRG found
spending on lobbying, including advertising campaigns, rose 6.5 percent
statewide amid battles over budget cuts and the controversial soda and wine
proposals.

Last year, the American Beverage Association, whose members include soda
powerhouses like PepsiCo and the Coca-Cola Co., led the state in lobbying
spending, pouring nearly $13 million into a successful campaign to defeat
Paterson's effort to impose a penny-per-ounce tax on sugary beverages.

The tax was intended to fight obesity while providing $1 billion to health-care
programs annually. The Alliance for a Healthier New York, which was backed by
the health-care union 1199SEIU, spent $2.9 million to support the tax, the
fourth most overall.

Similarly, the upstate grocery chain Wegmans Food Markets burned $1.3 million in
lobbying and campaign contributions to advance Paterson's proposal to expand
wine sales to grocery stores. Liquor stores and other foes spent just more than
$300,000 in their successful effort to defeat the plan, through their group The
Last Store on Main Street.

The numbers show an effervescent return to runaway lobbying growth after the
money spent on influencing state government stalled at $198 million in 2009. By
contrast, only $80 million was spent on lobbying in 2001.

Overall, the state's powerful teachers unions spent $7.8 million on lobbying and
campaign donations, with the statewide New York State United Teachers and the
city-based United Federation of Teachers ranking second and 13th, respectively,
in Albany lobbying expenses.

Hospital groups - another perennial lobbying leader - spent a total of $5.9
million, including campaign donations. The statewide Healthcare Association of
New York State ranked sixth while the city-centric alliance of 1199SEIU and the
Greater New York Hospital Association came in third.

Health care led all sectors by dropping a breathtaking $36 million on lobbying
last year. Trade associations and real estate and construction interests
followed with $30 million and $21 million, respectively.

Top lobbying groups hedged their bets in last year's fierce fight for control of
the state Senate, contributing $1.2 million each to the Senate Democrats and
Senate Republicans. They gave $773,159 to the Assembly's ruling Democrats and
$217,138 to Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo.

---

Moneybags

New York state lobbyists had a bonanza year in 2010, doing a record $211 million
business, led by the successful campaign to defeat a proposed tax on soda. The
top spenders last year:

1. American Beverage Association $12.9M

2. New York State United Teachers $4.8M

3. 1199SEIU / Greater New York Hospital Association $3.6M

4. Alliance for a Healthier New York $2.9M

5. CRP/Extell Riverside LLP $2.6M

6. Healthcare Association of New York $1.5M

7. Public Employees Federation $796,000

8. Trial Lawyers Association $776,000

Source: NYPIRG

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Coca-Cola bottle.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              655 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 14, 2003 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Last-Minute Excuses

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 511 words


A phantom bill has been floating around the New York State Capitol that would
give a very hefty financial break to developers of a giant mall in Syracuse.
Gov. George Pataki has denied that it is his bill, but he has a lot of
connections to the entire development plan. As described by The Times' James
McKinley Jr., the main developer has contributed a bundle to Mr. Pataki's
campaigns. And several of the governor's former aides are busily lobbying for
the mall.

Assemblyman Richard Brodsky, who has spent much of this year investigating the
state's many off-the-books methods of spending money, now suspects something
fishy in the Syracuse deal. He is planning hearings to investigate whether two
state officials were fired because they chose a developer lacking the proper
political connections to build on waterfront property near the mall.

The governor's aides say that Mr. Brodsky is waging a politically motivated
witch hunt. It is true that Mr. Brodsky pursues issues with a ferocity that can
infuriate as much as it can reveal. But the Pataki team has taken the wrong tack
in trying to silence these legitimate questions about how the administration
does business.

Instead, the governor should face the many microphones that follow him around
and explain why he thinks the mall deal is a good idea or ask the Legislature to
kill it. Even more important, he should embrace the larger issue of lobbying
reform, making it his own. Even in the few days remaining in the current
session, the Legislature could easily pass a bill that would regulate, for the
first time, people who spend money to influence state agencies and the myriad
semiofficial state entities that dole out contracts.

Instead, Mr. Pataki appears to be doing the old Albany dodge -- escalating the
possible into the impossible. He is trying to broaden the issue so that it
becomes too big to do anything about in the closing days of the session. Instead
of just expanding the lobbying law, his people argue, why not also clean up
judicial elections in New York City, or limit gifts to all legislators? These
are good ideas, but bringing them up now will kill lobbying reform as surely as
if Mr. Pataki had tacked on a plan for peace in the Middle East.

The governor is not alone in trying to dodge reform. The Senate and Assembly
have before them good bills approved or nearly approved by the other body that
could easily become law if their leaders showed political will. The Senate
majority leader, Joseph Bruno, could swiftly give the nod to a bill requiring
centralized reporting of campaign contributions and another bill to expand the
lobbying law. Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver has not publicly endorsed the
lobbying or budget reforms that have been circulating in his chamber since
earlier this year. Mr. Bruno yesterday suggested that as the Legislature moves
into its last days, a lot of things happen at once. If that's so, a lot of
things should certainly include improvements in the way Albany works.

Fixing Albany: Editorials in this series remain online at nytimes.com/albany.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: FIXING ALBANY

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial; Series

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              656 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 29, 1987, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Reagan, Lobbying for Bork, Calls Judge Tough on Crime

BYLINE: By BERNARD WEINRAUB, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 6, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 752 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Aug. 28


President Reagan opened a lobbying effort today on behalf of the nomination of
Judge Robert H. Bork to the Supreme Court, saying that Judge Bork would ''take a
tough, clear-eyed look'' at crime issues.

After Mr. Reagan's meeting with officials representing sheriffs, chiefs of
police, state troopers and other law officers, Gov. James R. Thompson of
Illinois, one of the participants, announced that that the groups had formed a
coalition to pressure the Senate to endorse Judge Bork's nomination.

Marlin Fitzwater, the White House spokesman, said the meeting today was the
first of a series that Mr. Reagan planned over the next few weeks ''with
prominent members of the legal community and concerned citizens'' to press for
the Bork nomination. White House officials said details of other meetings had
not yet been set but that Mr. Reagan would deepen his involvement upon his
return to the White House shortly before Labor Day.

Senate Hearings Next Month

Governor Thompson, a former United States Attorney, said he disagreed with Judge
Bork on several issues. But the Governor said: ''His credentials to sit on the
Supreme Court are unquestioned. His scholarly views are unquestioned. I am
impressed by Bork's openness, his willingness to listen to arguments before he
makes a decision, his intellectual brilliance and his even-handed treatment of
the law.''

The Senate Judiciary Committee is scheduled to begin confirmation hearings on
September 15 on the nomination of Judge Bork, who sits on the Federal Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.

Numerous civil rights, feminist, civil liberties, labor and environmental groups
have pledged to fight the Bork nomination over positions he has taken in
judicial opinions, speeches and articles. Mr. Reagan has made the nomination a
key priority, and has made it plain that he will campaign actively for Judge
Bork. Mr. Fitzwater said Mr. Reagan was optimistic about the chance of Senate
confirmation.

''We think support for Judge Bork is growing, that his outstanding record and
credentials are being discussed and examined with a great deal of approval by
all aspects of the legal community,'' Mr. Fitzwater said.

Crime and the High Court

Nonetheless, it appeared that the White House remains concerned about the Bork
nomination, and is going ahead with a full-scale offensive to gather support in
the Senate and across the nation.

In his 30-minute meeting today with the law-enforcement officials at the Century
Plaza Hotel, Mr. Reagan said he was ''surprised'' to learn that almost one-third
of the cases before the Supreme Court involve criminal issues.

''That's why when it comes to crime and safety of our citizens, it's so
important for our courts to take a tough, clear-eyed look at the Constitution's
purpose to establish justice and insure domestic tranquility,'' Mr. Reagan said.

He added: ''Judge Bork, whom I nominated nearly eight weeks ago, would be just
such a Justice. His guiding principle is one of judicial restraint. And Judge
Bork believes that judges should not make the laws; their function is to
interpret the laws based on the Constitution and precedent.

''It's time we reassert the fundamental principle of the purpose of criminal
justice is to find the truth, not to coddle crimimals,'' Mr. Reagan said.

Lawyers Express Opposition

Mr. Reagan, who has spent the last few days in Los Angeles, is to return on
Saturday to his ranch near Santa Barbara to continue his vacation.

Before the meeting, a group of lawyers opposing the Bork nomination held a news
conference at the hotel, asserting that the Administration's suggestion that
Judge Bork had a record as a ''law and order'' judge is not based on evidence.
The news conference was called by Access to Justice, a California-based advocacy
group dealing with judicial matters.

''There is simply insufficient evidence to allow anyone to ascertain how Judge
Bork would resolve issues involving the exclusionary rule, Miranda rights, and
other basic criminal procedure questions,'' the group said.

Prof. Erwin Chemerinsky, who teaches constitutional law at the University of
Southern California, called Judge Bork ''an extremist, far out of the
mainstream.''

''He is critical of virtually every Supreme Court case protecting individual
liberties,'' Professor Chemerinsky said. ''Judge Bork's constitutional decisions
can be explained by a single principle: where there's government versus the
individual, the government always wins.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Pres. Reagan meeting in Los Angeles with backers of Robert H.
Bork's Supreme Court nomination, including Fred Foreman, ofthe National District
Attorneys Assoc., Gov. James R. Thompson of Ill. and Dewey R. Stokes, of the
Fraternal Order of Police (AP)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              657 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 25, 2012 Sunday

Local cities pay to get voices heard in D.C., Columbus

BYLINE: Josh Sweigart, Hamilton JournalNews, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1503 words


Nov. 25--Local governments spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on lobbyists
each year in an effort to get public agencies and elected lawmakers to hear
their voices over the clamor of competing interests on Capitol Hill.

A Hamilton JournalNews/Middletown Journal analysis of data maintained by the
Center for Responsive Politics found southwest Ohio cities and counties have
paid K Street lobbyists more than $400,000 combined so far this year, and more
than half a million dollars in 2011.

Hamilton will likely spend up to $60,000 this year to the professional lobbying
firm LNE Group. The city's main lobbyist is Scott Owens, former executive
director of the Butler County GOP.

Deputy City Manager Hillary Stevenson said the lobbyist helped clear permitting
and other hurdles for the Meldahl Hydroelectric Plant and is now working on the
South Hamilton Crossing -- a planned road bridge over the CSX rail lines at
Central Avenue.

"They will help us schedule meetings, they will give us advice on grants that
are out there because they have their finger on the pulse," she said. "They're
most useful in helping us get people that we need to talk to in the legislature,
whether it's state, federal or even county."

In the recent past this has included setting up meetings for city officials with
U.S. Rep. John Boehner, R-West Chester Twp., and Sen. Sherrod Brown.

Monroe city officials have for a year now paid a pair of lobbyists -- including
former Beavercreeck-area state lawmaker Bob Doyle -- $2,500 a month to help
secure support in Columbus for a racino that is planned for just outside of the
city in Warren County along Interstate 75.

"We wanted to make sure we were aware of everything that was going on with that
and make sure our interests were covered," Monroe City Manager William Brock
said.

The lobbying firm's contract was renegotiated to $1,500 a month starting in
December and calls for the lobbying group, Public Sector Advisors, to advise the
city on potential grant funding and economic development opportunities.

Area governments spend big

Many local governments including Huber Heights, Mason, Monroe and Trotwood also
have registered lobbyists in Columbus. And cities, counties and townships pay
dues into organizations that lobby on their behalf. The National Association of
Towns and Townships has spent $180,000 on lobbying this year.

The biggest spender in the region is the city of Dayton, which paid lobbyist
Mark Dedrick -- a former staffer for Congressman Tony Hall -- $120,000 this year
for his services in Washington. The city also paid another $60,000 for a state
lobbyist. Cincinnati paid its federal lobbying firm $90,000 this year.

Publicly funded colleges and universities are equally big spenders. Miami
University has spent $120,000 on lobbyists this year, Wright State University
$60,000 and Sinclair Community College $30,000.

Government subdivisions also hire pros. The Miami Conservancy District, for
example, pays more than $30,000 a year for a lobbyist to represent them, most
recently trying to change drafted flood insurance laws to keep area residents
from having to buy flood insurance if their home is protected by a dam.

"(The lobbyist) has helped us understand the legislative process, make
introductions ... so when issues do come up we have the opportunity to talk to
the right people at the right time," MCD General Manager Janet Bly said.

MCD's lobbyist is Rick Carne, whose firm has made $49,000 this year from clients
including Montgomery County and the Dayton Development Coalition. The
development coalition also employs its own lobbyist, Michael Gessel, and paid
him $180,000 this year.

"That's the way the system works," said Viveca Novak, spokeswoman for the Center
for Responsive Politics. "State and local officials, sure they're going to be
acquainted with some of the legislators on the Hill, perhaps, but that's not
quite the same as knowing the system."

Nationwide, public agencies paid a total of $54.3 million for lobbyists,
according to the Center for Responsive Politics. This makes the public sector
the 15th-highest paying industry in terms of lobbying expense. The top five
industries shell out more than $100 million each, led by pharmaceuticals and
healthcare products.

The amount governments spend on lobbying has declined steadily in recent years
from more than $600,000 in 2010 for southwest Ohio. This matches the overall
trend of lobbying expenses going down. Novak attributes that to economic woes
simply leaving everyone with less money to spend.

Mason hands out tennis tickets

On the state level, lobbyists have to report any time they buy something for
someone while lobbying them. The most generous area city is Mason, which this
year gave 11 state lawmakers a pair of tickets valued at $150 to the Western &
Southern Open tennis tournament along with a meal valued at $18.95, according to
state records.

Mason officials said the city helps plan the legislator event but the tickets
are donated by the tournament.

"There's a suite that's made available that the tournament has and we use that
to hold the legislators," City Manager Eric Hansen said.

Hansen said he thinks of it not as lobbying but as "raising our profile" with
state officials. "It helps us with economic development, it helps us with
quality of life," he said.

The city doesn't pay a lobbying firm, but is paying former council clerk Teresa
Schulte $25,000 this year for duties including monitoring and lobbying on state
legislation.

Former lawmaker: Lobbyists valuable

Former U.S. Rep. David Hobson is now a professional lobbyist after serving as a
state senator from 1982-1990 and representing the Springfield area in Congress
from 1991-2009.

He said cities that didn't hire lobbyists found that if they weren't at the
table when decisions affecting their residents were made.

"Lobbying has gotten a bad name by some people doing it inappropriately," Hobson
said. "But I think there are firms or people who have a better grasp of the
system at the state, federal level and even some places at the local level ...
who understand the bills and the legislation better and the staffs better (than
local officials)."

Novak said lobbyists have personal relationships with key decision-makers, know
who to contact to get an agency to act and can massage and advocate legislation
moving through the halls of Washington.

Lobbyists use 'revolving door'

Many lobbyists are former lawmakers, such as Hobson who is an advisor for Clark
County governments and lobbies for the Dayton Development Coalition, or Doyle
who lobbies for Monroe and Trotwood.

Others worked as staffers, such as the lobbyists for Dayton and Montgomery
County who worked for Hall.

The Center for Responsive Politics calls this a "revolving door."

"It could be seen as somebody cashing in on government service if they go into
lobbying," Novak said. "These are people who are going to know the system better
than many, but there certainly are critics of the practice of going into
government and using the knowledge of government workings to go out and make a
lot of money by helping others get in the door."

Some rose from local ranks, such as Owens. His other clients include White
Castle and chemical and technology companies. He was a paid $10,000 as a
lobbyist for West Chester in 2006.

Owens was in the news when he testified in the Dynus fiber optics scandal that
rocked Butler County several years ago. Owens was paid $50,000 by Dynus -- whose
CEO is in prison on federal charges including bank fraud -- to lobby Butler
County and West Chester Twp. for business in 2004. Owens was not accused of any
wrongdoing.

Carne was chief of staff for Tony Hall, who represented the Dayton area in
Congress for 24 years until 2003. He is one of at least five Hall staffers who
are lobbyists, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. The others are
former Hall legislative director Gail Amidzich, who now lobbies on behalf of
public employee unions; former spokesman Michael Gessel; former aide John Walk,
who lobbies primarily on issues involving electric utilities; and Dedrick, a
former aide who lobbies for Dayton as well as the state of Oregon and other
government agencies.

Doyle served 10 years in the Ohio House of Representatives.

"(My legislative experience) was never an advantage for me. Never," Doyle said.
"All you do as a government consultant is have relationships and it opens up a
door. They don't do anything for me just because I'm a former state
representative; it goes on its own strength whether it should be passed or
defeated or whatever."

Doyle said his job is to get to know decision-makers and talk to them about
issues facing his clients, and sometimes to talk to business owners about what
his clients have to offer.

"The value for the city is the dollars that will be coming in that they would
not be able to get without help," he said.

___ (c)2012 the Hamilton JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Hamilton
JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20121125-HL-Local-cities-pay-to-get-voices-heard-in-D-C-Columbus-1125-20121125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2012 The Journal-News


                              658 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             May 21, 2009 Thursday

Ex-lawmakers' lobbying looks bad, group says

BYLINE: By Brandi Grissom / Austin Bureau

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 480 words


AUSTIN -- Former El Paso state Rep. Pat Haggerty has contracts worth as much as
$425,000 to lobby his former colleagues, according to a report a political
watchdog group released Wednesday.

"This kind of thing looks bad, it smells bad and it is bad, but the only control
on it is self-regulation," said Andrew Wheat, research director at Texans for
Public Justice.

Haggerty declined to comment for this story.

The group's report criticized what it called a revolving door between the Texas
Legislature and lobbying jobs. It detailed contracts between 10 lawmakers who
recently left the Legislature and groups that have special interests at the
Capitol.

Wheat said lawmakers should approve regulations requiring a cooling- off period
between the time legislators stop making laws and start lobbying their former
colleagues.

"I think people rightfully wonder when did they stop being a lawmaker and when
did they start to become a special-interest lobbyist," Wheat said.

He said the practice creates questions about whe ther lawmakers are making
public policy decisions with their future lobbying jobs in mind.

"Is that legislator going to stand up to (a special interest) if they are
contemplating a future career as a hired gun in Austin?" Wheat asked.

Haggerty, whose first term in the Texas House was in 1989, lost the Republican
primary election last year to El Paso businessman Dee Margo. Margo then lost in
the general election to Democrat Joe Moody.

This year, according to the report, Haggerty has signed eight lobbying contracts
worth between $210,000 and $425,000.

His biggest client is Fort Worth-based Bingo Interest Group. Other clients
include AT&T, tobacco giant American Reynolds Inc., and Licensed Beverage
Distributors.

Other lawmakers-turned-lobbyists mentioned in the report include former state
Rep. Mike Krusee, who was chairman of the House Transportation Committee, and
former state Rep. Fred Hill, who was chairman of the House Local Government Ways
and Means Committee.

It is a long-standing practice in Austin for lawmakers to become lobbyists after
their political careers end.

Many of the most influential lobbyists at the Capitol are former lawmakers or
high-level staffers, said Ross Ramsey, editor of the online political journal
Texas Weekly.

For example, former state Sen. J.E. "Buster" Brown, who represents the Tiguas,
has more than 22 lobbying contracts worth up to nearly $1.8 million, according
to Texas Ethics Commission reports.

"They're people with the expertise, so it's easy to see why the private sector
would want to hire them," Ramsey said.

Lawmakers, he said, are the only ones with the power to slow or limit the
practice of legislators becoming lobbyists.

"We've been here for 160 years and they haven't fixed it yet, so they obviously
don't think it's a problem," Ramsey said.

Brandi Grissom may be reached at bgrissom@elpasotimes.com; 512-479-6606.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 July 26, 1995, Wednesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Lobbying for change on the Hill

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 372 words


Everyone knows that federal law regarding lobbying on Capitol Hill is a sham,
and that Congress has dithered at least a generation too long trying to fix it.

It is heartening, then, that the Senate on Tuesday voted 98-0 to move forward -
mandating that lobbyists reveal their clients, their fees and the issues they're
working on. But the victory is no cause for celebration. Not yet.

The new disclosure rules still require approval in the House. The unanimous vote
in the Senate should give the measure momentum in the lower chamber, but
Congress' proclivity for sidetracking lobbying reform bears watching.

Last year, a Republican-led filibuster threat in the Senate killed stringent
lobbying legislation that had passed resoundingly in both houses of Congress.
Democrats are no better on this score, having undermined previous attempts at
lobbying reform.

The disclosure bill is part of a package to minimize lobbyist influence over
legislation. Still to be acted on are limits on gifts lawmakers receive from
individuals and organizations seeking favors. Here the unanimity in the Senate
that prevailed on disclosure breaks down.

A bill co-sponsored by three Democrats - Carl Levin of Michigan, Paul Wellstone
of Minnesota and Russ Feingold of Wisconsin - and Maine Republican William Cohen
takes an appropriately hard line. It would prohibit any gift by lobbyists -
meals, entertainment, vacations, etc. - though it wouldn't prevent constituents
from giving their representatives mementos, plaques and the like.

Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), chairman of the Senate Ethics Committee, has a
competing bill that would allow expressions of appreciation from lobbyists, as
long as they don't exceed $ 100 in value a day. Conceivably, a generous lobbyist
could extend the 12 days of Christmas throughout the year for some lucky
congressman.

It shouldn't be hard to tell which bill represents the gut feelings of
Americans.

As Levin declared in debate Monday, "When opinion surveys show a majority of
Americans feel lobbyists are the real power in Washington . . . we must act to
restore confidence that, in fact, their elected representatives are in control
in Washington."

This week is none too soon.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              660 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     March 21, 2002 Thursday Final Edition

Andersen, staff fight back: Massive lobbying campaign under way to save
disgraced firm

SOURCE: The Associated Press

BYLINE: Dave Carpenter

SECTION: Business; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 511 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO

CHICAGO -- With their firm's survival on the line and once-sterling reputation
now the butt of jokes, Arthur Andersen LLP and its 28,000 U.S. employees are
fighting back with protest rallies, lobbying campaigns and newspaper ads.

The new feistiness was on full display yesterday when hundreds of employees clad
in black and orange T-shirts declaring "I am Arthur Andersen" demonstrated
outside the Houston courthouse where the firm pleaded not guilty to a charge of
obstructing justice arising from its shredding documents related to its audit of
now-bankrupt Enron Corp.

Similar rallies are scheduled today in Philadelphia and at the U.S. Capitol in
Washington, which Andersen employees nationwide have been bombarding this week
with letters, e-mails and phone calls.

The show of anger and pride comes with executives' urging employees -- until now
largely silent through Andersen's travails -- to express their rage via e-mails
about the indictment to their congressmen and the Justice Department.

Andersen also took out full-page ads in newspapers headlined "Why we're fighting
back." It called the government's action "a tragically wrong indictment of our
whole firm" and "a political broadside rather than a focus on the facts."

Andersen officials insisted the employees' efforts are not so much directed from
above as tapping into frustrations throughout the 89-year-old firm, whose name
has crumbled almost overnight as a result of its role as auditor for Enron. The
former energy-trading powerhouse spiralled into bankruptcy late last year after
acknowledging it used questionable accounting to hide debt and inflate earnings
by hundreds of millions of dollars.

"This is less the firm's strategy than a grassroots expression of innocent
people's feelings about being unfairly tarred by the actions of a few,"
spokesman Patrick Dorton said.

Marc Andersen, a partner in Andersen's Vienna, Virginia, office who is
organizing the Capitol rally, agreed.

"Our emphasis is on putting a face and a name and a voice on Andersen. What
happened in Houston is not representative of who we are as a firm, and we're not
going to stand for it."

Accounting industry experts doubted whether the campaign would work,
particularly with Andersen's being dumped by additional blue-chip clients. BB&T
Corp., one of the largest consumer banks in the United States, defected
yesterday, a day after Houston energy company Dynegy Corp. did so. Both replaced
Andersen with PricewaterhouseCoopers.

University of Chicago accounting professor Roman Weil said Andersen's real
challenge is to persuade clients to stick with it while the current situation
plays out. But, he said, "I have no idea how they'll do that."

Katherine Dorn, 24, a campus recruiter who works with her fiance at Andersen's
Chicago headquarters, said she feels not only angry and stunned by the speed of
Andersen's unravelling but afraid.

"Every single person at this firm has a story to tell about how this has
absolutely, if not destroyed their personal circumstances, altered them."

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: David J. Phillip, the associated press; Arthur Andersen
employees demonstrate in Houston yesterday. Andersen's managing partner at its
Houston office entered a not-guilty plea to a charge of obstructing justice.

TYPE: Business; Crime

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              October 17, 1981, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Boeing Lobbying For Awacs Sale

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 2; Page 30, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 154 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE, Oct. 16


The Boeing Company is lobbying hard in support of the proposed sale of five
Awacs radar planes to Saudi Arabia.  Mailgrams from the company to its suppliers
urge them to write to their Congressmen and say Boeing will stop producing Awacs
craft if the sale does not go through. Some 1,500 Boeing workers involved in
producing the Airborne Warning and Control System planes wrote to members of
Congress urging approval of the sale, according to Bill Jury, a company
spokesman.

Boeing said it was avoiding the political aspects of the deal because the Reagan
Administration was handling them ''adroitly,'' but the company's lobbying
efforts were highlighted yesterday by Senators Joseph R. Biden Jr., Democrat of
Delaware, and John Glenn, Democrat of Ohio, at a Senate Foreign Relations
Committee hearing. The committee voted against the deal, 9 to 8.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              662 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 19, 2004 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

New York's Lobbying Law Is Ruled Unconstitutional

BYLINE: By MICHAEL COOPER

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 635 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Aug. 18


A state court ruled on Wednesday that parts of New York's lobbying law are
unconstitutional because they allow the state to fine lobbyists without giving
them proper hearings.

The State Supreme Court ruling, which is expected to be appealed, leaves the
entity in charge of monitoring lobbyists, the Temporary State Commission on
Lobbying, briefly powerless to enforce the law, and leaves the lobbying
industry, which is now a more than $100-million-a-year business in Albany,
temporarily unregulated.

Once an appeal is filed, officials expect the ruling to be stayed, allowing the
commission to continue its work as the case proceeds.

The court ruled that the lobbying law, which is more than two decades old,
deprives lobbyists of their due process rights. It found that the state's
lobbying law allows the lobbying commission to determine on its own whether
someone has violated the law, without an adjudicative hearing. And while the
commission does hold hearings to weigh the guilt of lobbyists, and even adopted
new guidelines for such hearings in April, the court said that a bad law cannot
be fixed with administrative rules.

In a 13-page decision, Justice Bernard J. Malone of State Supreme Court in
Albany found that ''the statutory scheme does not provide due process because it
allows an alleged lobbyist to be deprived of property upon a determination of
guilt made without notice and the opportunity to be heard.''

The case was brought by the Coalition for Fairness, a group including Russell
Simmons, the hip-hop mogul, and Dr. Benjamin Chavis, the former head of the
National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. The coalition was
formed to urge reform of the state's strict Rockefeller-era drug laws. After the
coalition held a rally to protest the drug laws, the lobbying commission began
an inquiry into whether the group had lobbied without registering.

Mr. Simmons and Dr. Chavis, who maintained all along that they were simply
exercising their free speech rights and were not lobbying, praised the ruling.
''We will not be silenced and, with today's ruling, we will step up our pace,
raising awareness on this issue,'' Dr. Chavis said in a statement.

Mr. Simmons is chairman of the Hip-Hop Summit Action Network, and Dr. Chavis is
its president.

David M. Grandeau, the executive director of the lobbying commission,
acknowledged that the law was flawed and said that he hopes Gov. George E.
Pataki and the State Legislature will pass a better, stronger law. ''Hopefully
the Legislature and the governor will get together and remedy the defect in the
act,'' he said. ''We have a good team in place here. What we need are balls and
bats so we can play the game.''

But civic groups worry about the prospects of getting a better law through the
current gridlock in Albany and past a $100-million lobbying industry that would
like to see many of the regulations simply go away.

The appeal will be handled by the office of State Attorney General Eliot
Spitzer. ''We continue to believe that the current law is sound and that it can
be effectively enforced with due process protections,'' said Darren Dopp, a
spokesman for Mr. Spitzer. ''We are consulting with the commission and expect
that the judge's decision will be appealed. It is imperative that the
protections against lobbyist abuses remain in place.''

Civic groups worried that the ruling could further hobble a commission that they
view as the only aggressive ethics monitor in Albany, one that is already under
a great deal of political pressure.

''With this ruling, the lobbying law becomes an honor system,'' said Blair
Horner, a lobbyist for the New York Public Interest Research Group, who said the
governor should call a special session so the Legislature can strengthen the
lobbying law.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              663 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 11, 1985, Saturday, Final Edition

IRS Is Asked to Probe Church Groups' Support for Nicaragua

BYLINE: By Joanne Omang, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A15

LENGTH: 629 words


The lobbying group Citizens for Reagan has filed complaints with the Internal
Revenue Service charging nine tax-exempt organizations -- including the
Presbyterian Church, the American Friends Service Committee (AFSC) and the
Maryknoll Fathers -- with illegal lobbying in support of the Nicaraguan
government.

In a statement accompanying letters sent to the IRS this week, Citizens for
Reagan charged that the groups "apparently engaged in substantial lobbying and
political activities in favor of the Sandinista regime in Nicaragua and in
opposition to U.S. policy in Central America."

Administration officials have said that church groups were their most difficult
opponents during recent debate on President Reagan's effort to win funding for
Nicaraguan rebels.

Named Thursday along with Maryknoll and the Presbyterian Church USA were the
Sisters of Loretto, the National Network in Solidarity With the Nicaraguan
People (NNSNP) and the Quixote Center of Hyattsville. Listed in December were
the AFSC, the Central America Peace Campaign, the Community Church of New York,
the Institute for Food and Development Policy and the Northern California
Ecumenical Council.

Executive vice president Peter T. Flaherty asked in the complaints that the IRS
investigate the groups' tax status, impose taxes and penalties, notify the
groups' contributors that their donations are not tax-deductible and order the
groups to stop lobbying.

"Our goal is not to get their tax status yanked, but to get the lobbying
stopped, if it's illegal," Flaherty said in an interview. The complainant's
statement said, "These groups are being manipulated by the Sandinistas and are
participants in an extensive disinformation campaign aimed at affecting the
debate in Congress."

Spokesmen for two of the groups denied illegal activity.

The Tax Code exempts church-based, charitable and educational groups from
federal taxes if they do not spend a "substantial" part of their budgets in
efforts to influence legislation. Court rulings have defined "substantial" to
mean more than 20 percent.

"What we spend is so far under 20 percent, it's clear this is just an attempt to
try to grab some headlines and tie us up in legal battles," said Debra Ruben,
national coordinator of the NNSNP, a group of 60 local committees working to end
U.S. involvement in Nicaragua. "We've done nothing illegal."

The NNSNP was named in the complaint along with the Roman Catholic order Sisters
of Loretto, which, in a letter attached to the complaint, solicited
tax-deductible contributions for the NNSNP.

Michael Lavery, assistant director of media relations for the Maryknoll Fathers,
said, "It's our intent to comply with whatever the IRS code is, and we feel we
have done that."

James Andrews, Stated Clerk of the Presbyterian Church USA, said from his
Atlanta office that he has not seen the complaint and does not fear an
investigation.

The complaint alleged that the church "has sought tax-deductible contributions
to support its lobbying and political efforts" and included several publications
urging readers to contact members of congress.

An IRS spokesman said tax complaints are treated as "information items that may,
or may not, be investigated." The IRS routinely receives tips from the public
about possible violators and, if a probe is deemed in order, the subject of the
complaint is audited. "The organization or person would never know why their
return is selected for an audit," he said.

Asked about the tax status of conservative lobbying groups, Flaherty said most
have established tax-paying lobbying arms. "It is a touchy thing for a political
organization to take on a church group," he said, "but we feel the situation has
gotten to a point where we had to take action."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              664 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            May 22, 2002, Wednesday

SMOKER FUMES & FIGHTS BACK DEFENDING RIGHT TO LIGHT UP

BYLINE: By GREG WILSON DAILY NEWS BROOKLYN BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 460 words

Brooklyn cop Audrey Silk says she is out to arrest the tobacco police - while
protecting fellow smokers from unfair taxes and the pariah treatment.

In her off-duty time, Silk, 37, founded Citizens Lobbying Against Smoker
Harassment (CLASH) to stick up for folks who light up.

The group recently served a formal complaint to the Internal Revenue Service
challenging the tax-exempt status of the New York-based anti-smoking group
SmokeFree Educational Services Inc.

Silk says the group is one of many nonprofits that take public money and
illegally lobby for their causes.

"As a 501(c)3 charitable organization, they clearly cannot have lobbying as the
substantial part of their activities, and that's all they do," Silk said.

Joseph Cherner, founder of SmokeFree Educational Services and a leading tobacco
opponent, said in an E-mail from Europe that his group merely wants to promote
smoke-free public places and work sites, so people who don't light up don't have
to breathe secondhand smoke. Lobbying rap rejected He denied Silk's charge that
his organization lobbies improperly.

"SmokeFree Educational Services is an all-volunteer organization," Cherner said.
"There is no paid staff. Like everyone else, I work as a volunteer.

"We spend little or none of our very small budget on lobbying."

IRS spokesman Kevin McKeon would not comment on SmokeFree's activities, but said
the law allows some lobbying by charitable organizations, though not much.

"In general, if a substantial part of their activities is lobbying, they could
lose their exemption," he said. "There's no set percentage."

Silk received a reply from IRS officials citing the agency's "ongoing program of
examining exempt organizations to ensure compliance with the applicable
provisions of the internal revenue code.

The information you submitted will be considered in this program." Smoking
activist has had it But Silk, who says her organization has no ties to the
tobacco industry, said Cherner's group is just one of many making life miserable
for smokers.

"Adults who choose to smoke have had enough," Silk said.

"It's a daily attack on smokers. Excessive taxation and increased restrictions
at the hands of the bullies, the social engineers and the greedy can no longer
go unchallenged."

Silk cites as an example a measure passed by the Montgomery, Md., county council
that would have allowed residents to be fined for smoking in their homes if
fumes spread to a neighbor's residence.

That measure was vetoed by the county executive after a worldwide backlash. But
Silk said it shows how far anti-smoking forces are willing to go.

"We're the only class left for people to vent their fury on," Silk said. "It's
the same technique used by Goebbels and the Nazis."

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HEIDI SCHUMANN FIRED UP Unabashed smoker and cop Audrey Silk's lobbying
group has recently taken on the anti-tobacco movement with a complaint to the
IRS.

                        Copyright 2002 Daily News, L.P.


                              665 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 1, 2004 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Wells, 40, Turns Down Yankees' Offer, Signs One-Year Contract With Padres

SECTION: Sports; D02

LENGTH: 445 words


Left-hander David Wells spurned the New York Yankees and agreed to a one-year
contract with his hometown San Diego Padres yesterday.

Wells, a 40-year-old starter coming off arthroscopic back surgery, is expected
to lead the Padres' rotation in the club's first year in its new $458 million
downtown ballpark.

"He's a big-game pitcher, and the perfect guy to head our staff," General
Manager Kevin Towers said. "We think our staff is pretty strong right now."

Wells will make $1.25 million in base pay, with incentives that could make the
deal worth $7 million if he is healthy and pitches all season. Wells's agent,
Gregg Clifton, had been talking with the Yankees about the pitcher's remaining
with the defending AL champions, but New York was offering only a minor league
deal and wanted to include a weight clause. The Yankees declined Wells's $6
million option for 2004, and the pitcher also rejected the Yankees' arbitration
offer. . . .

The Yankees will pay a $75,000 fine and file additional reports on complimentary
tickets they provided to public officials to settle an investigation by the New
York state Lobbying Commission.

The Yankees disagree with the definition of what constitutes lobbying, and the
team does not believe it engaged in lobbying, team spokesman Howard Rubenstein
said. However, "to satisfy a technical discrepancy and to ensure that there is
no doubt of the Yankees' intention to be in full compliance," the team has
agreed to amend certain reports filed with the commission and pay the fine,
Rubenstein said.

*  COLLEGE FOOTBALL: George O'Leary had an apparent heart attack, three weeks
after taking the head coaching job at Central Florida.

O'Leary, forced to resign as Notre Dame's football coach two years ago because
he lied on his résumé, was undergoing tests to confirm the heart attack. The
57-year-old was expected to recover fully and should be released in the next few
days. . . .

Neil Parry, the San Jose State player who returned to football after part of his
leg was amputated, will play in the East-West Shrine Game on Jan. 10. Parry was
added to the West roster and is expected to receive limited playing time on
special teams.

*  HOCKEY: Zach Parise had two goals and assisted on a third as the United
States defeated Russia, 4-1, advancing to the semifinals of the world junior
championships in Helsinki. Canada defeated the Czech Republic, 5-2, to advance.

*  HORSE RACING: Driver Jacqueline Ingrassia became the second woman to win
1,000 harness races, guiding 4-year-old trotter Southwind Pepper to victory at
Freehold (N.J.) Raceway. Bea Farber, who retired in 1995, has 1,801 victories.

--  From News Services

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              666 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            November 15, 2013 Friday

NY Dem Committee ads questioned as lobbying

LENGTH: 689  words


The novel approach by the New York state Democratic Committee to air TV ads
urging New Yorkers to twist their legislators' arms to vote for Gov. Andrew
Cuomo's ethics and jobs legislation appears to violate state lobbying law,
according to a good-government advocate and the state's former lobbying
enforcer.


In one of the Democratic Committee ads, Cuomo talks about his Clean Up Albany
proposal and says: "Tell your legislators it's time to clean up Albany." In
another, a voiceover says: "Tell your legislator to support Gov. Cuomo's Tax
Free New York Proposal and get upstate New York back to work."
State lobbying law requires those seeking to influence lawmakers be registered
as lobbyists so they are publicly identified and disclose their funding and
spending to influence legislation. Political parties and committees have long
believed they were exempt.
"If you are going to talk like a lobbyist and act like a lobbyist, you should
have to register as a lobbyist," Blair Horner of the New York Public Interest
Research Group said.
Cuomo has used the Democratic Committee he controls to promote his view of his
proposals with the glowing ads since early this year. He turned to the committee
after the lobbying group created to promote his proposals and accomplishments,
the Committee to Save New York, abandoned the multimillion dollar media blitz
when a new law required disclosure of its donors.
The Democratic Committee justifies its advertising based on a 2003 decision by
the state lobbying board, which involved Cuomo's first campaign for governor, an
aborted run in 2002. The lobbying board found it was appropriate for Cuomo's
campaign committee to donate a total of $60,000 to two lobbying organizations
that were seeking to overturn the Rockefeller-era drug laws and their long,
mandatory sentences. But David Grandeau, the state lobbying commission's
executive director in 2003 who wrote the opinion, noted that the decision didn't
exempt the political committee from registering as a lobbyist if it directly
lobbies.
"It doesn't apply and it never was intended to," Grandeau said.
Of the Democratic Committee's Cuomo ads, he said: "That's lobbying, no ifs, ands
or buts about it. It opens up a lot of doors, which is why parties didn't do
it."
The Cuomo TV ads allowed the governor to barely touch his massive and nearly
unassailable campaign fund of about $30 million as he runs for re-election in
2014.
"It has been well settled that the lobbying law does not apply to political
parties," said Cuomo spokeswoman Melissa DeRosa. "This was confirmed by JCOPE
and its predecessor agencies, and every credible expert on the topic knows it,"
she added, referring to the Joint Commission on Public Ethics.

The commission, which would rule on the concern if a complaint is filed, said
that historically political party committees have not registered as lobbyists.
Commission spokesman declined to comment on the Democratic Committee's TV ads.
The state Republican Committee agrees that the Cuomo ads and political parties
shouldn't be subject to lobbying law.
Lobbying law requires more disclosure of how much money is spent to influence
legislation, including spending that isn't obvious or voluntarily announced,
such as TV ads. Lobbying is also regulated by the ethics commission with a far
larger staff of investigators than the underfunded Board of Elections, long
criticized as an ineffective enforcer.
Also, election law requires financial disclosures only in January as the
legislative session begins, and in June after most legislation and spending
deals are passed. Lobbying law requires public disclosures every two months.
The conflict comes as the Democratic Committee is waging its own attack over
political lobbying. The Democratic Committee is demanding that state Republican
Chairman Ed Cox register as a lobbyist and says he has a personal conflict of
interest. Cox is criticizing Cuomo for taking years to decide whether to allow
hydraulic fracturing for natural gas in upstate New York. Cox, who holds
millions of dollars in stock in a Texas gas drilling company, said has no
interest in New York.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Yemen Times

                                 July 17, 2014

Utilizing the potential of Yemen's diaspora lobby

LENGTH: 688 words


In Washington DC, lobbying is mainly concerned with congressional influence. But
it is not exclusively confined to Congress and by its very nature it occurs
across the whole of the US, including government and non-government agencies.
Effective lobbying strategies tend to derive from highly motivated and
well-organized lobby groups with sharply focused agendas, a case in point being
the Israel lobby and the lobbying arm of the National Rifle Association, the
Institute for Legislative Action.



These groups are very successful in pushing Israel's agenda and calling for the
"right to bear arms." Though many consider lobbying to be mired by corruption,
others believe it to be an essential part of a healthy and functioning
democracy.

Can Yemen benefit from lobbying in the US?  What must be done?

The Arab American Institute has provided statistics of the ten states with the
highest Arab American populations. California tops the list with 272,485,
Michigan is second with 191,607, and New York is third with 149,627.
Pennsylvania numbers tenth on the list with 60,870 Arab Americans.

Population analysis based on Census Bureau data suggests the total Arab American
population is nearly 2 million, though research by the Arab American Institute
indicates that that number is a significant underestimate. The organization
contends that the Arab American population is closer to 3,6 million.

This latter figure places the Arab American lobby on a similar scale in terms of
population as the 5 to 8 million American Jews or the assessed 4.2 million NRA
members.

About two percent of the total Arab American population is believed to be
Yemeni. Data on the Yemeni diaspora living in the US is patchy, however. Five
key Yemeni enclaves in the United States are located in Detroit, Chicago, Los
Angeles, New York and Washington DC. Over 11,500 Yemenis live in Michigan,
specifically in the greater Detroit area, while an estimated total of 10,500
Yemenis live in the New York metropolitan area.

It is clear that 70,000 Yemenis at face value cannot influence politics as
effectively as 3.6 million Arab Americans or 4 million NRA members. However, as
Yemen emerges from the ashes of the so-called Arab Spring and undergoes a
socio-political transition, the potential benefit of utilizing Yemen's US-based
diaspora should be considered within the broader mobilization of the Arab
American lobby group.

The US has indicated strong support for Yemen and President Obama has recently
made at least two important statements on Yemen.


Speaking at the US Military Academy Graduation Ceremony on May 18, 2014 he said:


"I am calling on Congress to support a new counter-terrorism partnership fund of
up to $5 billion which will allow us to train, build capacity, and facilitate
partner countries in the front lines.  These resources will give us flexibility
to fulfill different missions, including training security forces in Yemen who
have gone on the offensive against al-Qaeda."



In June 2014, he addressed the American people about the deteriorating situation
in Iraq and presented Yemen as a potential model for counter-terrorism, saying:


"... Yemen, [is] a very impoverished country and one that has its own sectarian
or ethnic divisions. We do have a committed partner in President Hadi and his
government. And we have been able to help develop their capabilities without
putting large numbers of US troops on the ground ... in Yemen, for example, a
wide-ranging national dialogue took time but helped to give people a sense that
there is a legitimate political outlet for grievances that they may have."

The time is right for Yemenis-as an independent part of an aspirant Arab
American lobby group-to organize and focus lobbying activities in support of
development and continued American assistance. This should begin with appointing
a lobby leader to garner support for the effort.

Moreover, it is necessary to get a better understanding of the Yemeni population
in the US and to map it to congressional representative and senatorial
boundaries to determine which officials can be influenced directly in support of
Yemen.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 13


     Copyright 2014 Yemen Times - Yemen Times Press, Printing & Publishing
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                             April 22, 2016 Friday

Can Capitol's revolving door be slowed?

BYLINE: Thomas D. Elias

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 630 words


The revolving door in Sacramento is decisively alive and well today, but there's
also a move afoot to crimp it at least a little.

Nancy McFadden, chief of staff for Gov. Jerry Brown, is not the first to use the
cycle that sends so-called "public servants" on a continuous and connected path
between lobbying and government, but her case is the latest cause
c[#xfffd]l[#xfffd]bre.

McFadden, an aide to Brown during the 1970s and early '80s, also worked for
ex-Gov. Gray Davis and a was Bill Clinton administration official in Washington,
D.C., before going to work for Pacific Gas & Electric Co. There, she soon became
senior vice president and senior adviser to the corporate chairman, representing
the big utility in Sacramento.

After taking a $1.04 million "golden handshake" from PG&E, she went back to work
for Brown when he returned to the governor's office in 2010. She also held onto
her PG&E shares and stock options for many months after getting back into
government. She's a classic example of the revolving door, especially since her
agreement to take the big parting gift from PG&E prohibited her doing anything
detrimental to the company.

Then there's former Assemblyman Henry T. Perea, a Democrat who represented
Fresno for five years before taking a lucrative Sacramento job lobbying for the
Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, better known as PhRMA.
That's the main lobbying arm of drug companies often collectively called Big
Pharma.

And there are former state Sen. Michael Rubio of Shafter, another Democrat, who
moved to a job with Chevron Corp., and Bill Emmerson, a sometime Republican
state senator from the Inland Empire, now with the California Hospital
Association.

The former lawmakers' job is to influence their buddies and recent colleagues
still serving as legislators.They must wait one year before they can officially
schmooze other legislators, but no one can prohibit them from playing golf
together or watching televised sports or hoisting a drink or two near the state
Capitol.

Now comes Republican state Sen. Andy Vidak of Hanford with an effort to at least
delay influence peddling a bit. Even though it might be against the future
financial interests of some of them, Democratic lawmakers ought not to give this
effort the automatic heave-ho often inflicted upon GOP-sponsored bills in
Sacramento.

Vidak, elected by a margin of almost 10 percent in a swing district in 2014,
proposes a ban on ex-legislators lobbying their former co-workers and the
governor until the end of the first legislative session beginning after the
lawmaker leaves office. For statewide officials like the governor or secretary
of state, he would extend an existing lobbying ban from one year to two.

For Perea, this would have forbidden formal lobbying until at least three years
after his departure, as the first full legislative session after his resignation
starts next January and lasts two years. That might have made him not quite as
hot a property for Big Pharma, essentially adding two years to his present
schmoozing moratorium.

This, said Vidak, could "discourage legislators from leaving office in the
middle of their terms to take a lucrative ... job, which often leads to a
lucrative lobbying career." He noted that special elections to replace departing
lawmakers cost counties many millions of dollars, "money that would be better
spent on critical local programs such as public safety, transportation or
health."

In terms of good government, there's no question Vidak's bill represents
improvement. But in terms of the financial futures of the legislators who will
vote it up or down, it's a downer. Which means this is one good idea not very
likely to become reality, even though it should.

Thomas D. Elias is a writer in Southern California. tdelias@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              669 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                             April 22, 2016 Friday

Can Capitol's revolving door be slowed?

BYLINE: Thomas D. Elias

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 630 words


The revolving door in Sacramento is decisively alive and well today, but there's
also a move afoot to crimp it at least a little.

Nancy McFadden, chief of staff for Gov. Jerry Brown, is not the first to use the
cycle that sends so-called "public servants" on a continuous and connected path
between lobbying and government, but her case is the latest cause
c[#xfffd]l[#xfffd]bre.

McFadden, an aide to Brown during the 1970s and early '80s, also worked for
ex-Gov. Gray Davis and a was Bill Clinton administration official in Washington,
D.C., before going to work for Pacific Gas & Electric Co. There, she soon became
senior vice president and senior adviser to the corporate chairman, representing
the big utility in Sacramento.

After taking a $1.04 million "golden handshake" from PG&E, she went back to work
for Brown when he returned to the governor's office in 2010. She also held onto
her PG&E shares and stock options for many months after getting back into
government. She's a classic example of the revolving door, especially since her
agreement to take the big parting gift from PG&E prohibited her doing anything
detrimental to the company.

Then there's former Assemblyman Henry T. Perea, a Democrat who represented
Fresno for five years before taking a lucrative Sacramento job lobbying for the
Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, better known as PhRMA.
That's the main lobbying arm of drug companies often collectively called Big
Pharma.

And there are former state Sen. Michael Rubio of Shafter, another Democrat, who
moved to a job with Chevron Corp., and Bill Emmerson, a sometime Republican
state senator from the Inland Empire, now with the California Hospital
Association.

The former lawmakers' job is to influence their buddies and recent colleagues
still serving as legislators.They must wait one year before they can officially
schmooze other legislators, but no one can prohibit them from playing golf
together or watching televised sports or hoisting a drink or two near the state
Capitol.

Now comes Republican state Sen. Andy Vidak of Hanford with an effort to at least
delay influence peddling a bit. Even though it might be against the future
financial interests of some of them, Democratic lawmakers ought not to give this
effort the automatic heave-ho often inflicted upon GOP-sponsored bills in
Sacramento.

Vidak, elected by a margin of almost 10 percent in a swing district in 2014,
proposes a ban on ex-legislators lobbying their former co-workers and the
governor until the end of the first legislative session beginning after the
lawmaker leaves office. For statewide officials like the governor or secretary
of state, he would extend an existing lobbying ban from one year to two.

For Perea, this would have forbidden formal lobbying until at least three years
after his departure, as the first full legislative session after his resignation
starts next January and lasts two years. That might have made him not quite as
hot a property for Big Pharma, essentially adding two years to his present
schmoozing moratorium.

This, said Vidak, could "discourage legislators from leaving office in the
middle of their terms to take a lucrative ... job, which often leads to a
lucrative lobbying career." He noted that special elections to replace departing
lawmakers cost counties many millions of dollars, "money that would be better
spent on critical local programs such as public safety, transportation or
health."

In terms of good government, there's no question Vidak's bill represents
improvement. But in terms of the financial futures of the legislators who will
vote it up or down, it's a downer. Which means this is one good idea not very
likely to become reality, even though it should.

Thomas D. Elias is a writer in Southern California. tdelias@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             April 22, 2016 Friday

Can Capitol's revolving door be slowed?

BYLINE: Thomas D. Elias

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 630 words


The revolving door in Sacramento is decisively alive and well today, but there's
also a move afoot to crimp it at least a little.

Nancy McFadden, chief of staff for Gov. Jerry Brown, is not the first to use the
cycle that sends so-called "public servants" on a continuous and connected path
between lobbying and government, but her case is the latest cause
c[#xfffd]l[#xfffd]bre.

McFadden, an aide to Brown during the 1970s and early '80s, also worked for
ex-Gov. Gray Davis and a was Bill Clinton administration official in Washington,
D.C., before going to work for Pacific Gas & Electric Co. There, she soon became
senior vice president and senior adviser to the corporate chairman, representing
the big utility in Sacramento.

After taking a $1.04 million "golden handshake" from PG&E, she went back to work
for Brown when he returned to the governor's office in 2010. She also held onto
her PG&E shares and stock options for many months after getting back into
government. She's a classic example of the revolving door, especially since her
agreement to take the big parting gift from PG&E prohibited her doing anything
detrimental to the company.

Then there's former Assemblyman Henry T. Perea, a Democrat who represented
Fresno for five years before taking a lucrative Sacramento job lobbying for the
Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, better known as PhRMA.
That's the main lobbying arm of drug companies often collectively called Big
Pharma.

And there are former state Sen. Michael Rubio of Shafter, another Democrat, who
moved to a job with Chevron Corp., and Bill Emmerson, a sometime Republican
state senator from the Inland Empire, now with the California Hospital
Association.

The former lawmakers' job is to influence their buddies and recent colleagues
still serving as legislators.They must wait one year before they can officially
schmooze other legislators, but no one can prohibit them from playing golf
together or watching televised sports or hoisting a drink or two near the state
Capitol.

Now comes Republican state Sen. Andy Vidak of Hanford with an effort to at least
delay influence peddling a bit. Even though it might be against the future
financial interests of some of them, Democratic lawmakers ought not to give this
effort the automatic heave-ho often inflicted upon GOP-sponsored bills in
Sacramento.

Vidak, elected by a margin of almost 10 percent in a swing district in 2014,
proposes a ban on ex-legislators lobbying their former co-workers and the
governor until the end of the first legislative session beginning after the
lawmaker leaves office. For statewide officials like the governor or secretary
of state, he would extend an existing lobbying ban from one year to two.

For Perea, this would have forbidden formal lobbying until at least three years
after his departure, as the first full legislative session after his resignation
starts next January and lasts two years. That might have made him not quite as
hot a property for Big Pharma, essentially adding two years to his present
schmoozing moratorium.

This, said Vidak, could "discourage legislators from leaving office in the
middle of their terms to take a lucrative ... job, which often leads to a
lucrative lobbying career." He noted that special elections to replace departing
lawmakers cost counties many millions of dollars, "money that would be better
spent on critical local programs such as public safety, transportation or
health."

In terms of good government, there's no question Vidak's bill represents
improvement. But in terms of the financial futures of the legislators who will
vote it up or down, it's a downer. Which means this is one good idea not very
likely to become reality, even though it should.

Thomas D. Elias is a writer in Southern California. tdelias@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                             April 22, 2016 Friday

Can Capitol's revolving door be slowed?

BYLINE: Thomas D. Elias

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 630 words


The revolving door in Sacramento is decisively alive and well today, but there's
also a move afoot to crimp it at least a little.

Nancy McFadden, chief of staff for Gov. Jerry Brown, is not the first to use the
cycle that sends so-called "public servants" on a continuous and connected path
between lobbying and government, but her case is the latest cause
c[#xfffd]l[#xfffd]bre.

McFadden, an aide to Brown during the 1970s and early '80s, also worked for
ex-Gov. Gray Davis and a was Bill Clinton administration official in Washington,
D.C., before going to work for Pacific Gas & Electric Co. There, she soon became
senior vice president and senior adviser to the corporate chairman, representing
the big utility in Sacramento.

After taking a $1.04 million "golden handshake" from PG&E, she went back to work
for Brown when he returned to the governor's office in 2010. She also held onto
her PG&E shares and stock options for many months after getting back into
government. She's a classic example of the revolving door, especially since her
agreement to take the big parting gift from PG&E prohibited her doing anything
detrimental to the company.

Then there's former Assemblyman Henry T. Perea, a Democrat who represented
Fresno for five years before taking a lucrative Sacramento job lobbying for the
Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, better known as PhRMA.
That's the main lobbying arm of drug companies often collectively called Big
Pharma.

And there are former state Sen. Michael Rubio of Shafter, another Democrat, who
moved to a job with Chevron Corp., and Bill Emmerson, a sometime Republican
state senator from the Inland Empire, now with the California Hospital
Association.

The former lawmakers' job is to influence their buddies and recent colleagues
still serving as legislators.They must wait one year before they can officially
schmooze other legislators, but no one can prohibit them from playing golf
together or watching televised sports or hoisting a drink or two near the state
Capitol.

Now comes Republican state Sen. Andy Vidak of Hanford with an effort to at least
delay influence peddling a bit. Even though it might be against the future
financial interests of some of them, Democratic lawmakers ought not to give this
effort the automatic heave-ho often inflicted upon GOP-sponsored bills in
Sacramento.

Vidak, elected by a margin of almost 10 percent in a swing district in 2014,
proposes a ban on ex-legislators lobbying their former co-workers and the
governor until the end of the first legislative session beginning after the
lawmaker leaves office. For statewide officials like the governor or secretary
of state, he would extend an existing lobbying ban from one year to two.

For Perea, this would have forbidden formal lobbying until at least three years
after his departure, as the first full legislative session after his resignation
starts next January and lasts two years. That might have made him not quite as
hot a property for Big Pharma, essentially adding two years to his present
schmoozing moratorium.

This, said Vidak, could "discourage legislators from leaving office in the
middle of their terms to take a lucrative ... job, which often leads to a
lucrative lobbying career." He noted that special elections to replace departing
lawmakers cost counties many millions of dollars, "money that would be better
spent on critical local programs such as public safety, transportation or
health."

In terms of good government, there's no question Vidak's bill represents
improvement. But in terms of the financial futures of the legislators who will
vote it up or down, it's a downer. Which means this is one good idea not very
likely to become reality, even though it should.

Thomas D. Elias is a writer in Southern California. tdelias@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 21, 2009 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Campaign funds put to use in new jobs;
Ex-lawmakers' gifts aid lobbying firms

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 502 words


WASHINGTON -- Ex-lawmakers working as lobbyists or advisers to those seeking to
influence federal policy are pumping leftover campaign funds into the accounts
of their former congressional colleagues -- including colleagues who oversee the
industries  the ex-lawmakers now represent, a USA TODAY review of
campaign-finance records shows.

The donations are legal. Federal law allows former members of Congress to keep
campaign accounts active and dole out the money to candidates, political parties
and charities.

However, critics of the practice, such as Meredith McGehee of the non-profit
Campaign Legal Center, call the accounts "political slush funds," that are
tapped to curry favor with lawmakers.

"Being able to give money is a huge advantage in establishing yourself as a
lobbyist," McGehee said. "Money buys you face time. But this isn't money that's
coming from their pockets. This is money other people have given them that they
are using to set up their next careers."

Former representative Jim McCrery, who left Congress this year and advises
clients on tax, trade and health care issues as a partner in the Washington
lobbying firm Capitol Counsel, contributed $70,500 to lawmakers, political
action committees and party committees during the first six months of 2009,
Federal Election Commission records show. McCrery is not a lobbyist but said he
intends to register  in January.

People in lobbying firms "are expected to give campaign contributions," said
McCrery, a Louisiana Republican.

Having leftover campaign funds to donate, he said, "gives you a leg up to the
extent that you don't have to take it out of your own income."

Recipients of McCrery's campaign money include Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley and
Michigan Rep. Dave Camp, the top Republicans on the panels that oversee tax
policy and health care. McCrery said his chief goal was to help other
Republicans.

Former Democratic representative Bud Cramer, chairman of the lobbying firm
Wexler & Walker, donated $75,000 in leftover funds to federal candidates this
year, including $2,000 to a Republican -- Sen. Richard Shelby of his home state
of Alabama. Shelby is the ranking member of the Senate banking committee, and
the firm's clients include American Express and the Consumer Credit Industry
Association, according to its website. Cramer, who left office this year, did
not return calls. He is not a registered lobbyist.

Others who left office years ago continue to use campaign funds to spread the
wealth. Former Colorado congresswoman Patricia Schroeder, who retired after the
1996 election, gave nearly $225,000 to candidates during a decade of lobbying --
including $4,000 to fellow Democrats this year before retiring as CEO of the
Association of American Publishers.

The donations were not about buying influence but a chance to "go to fundraisers
and say hello to friends," she said. "We kicked it out at $500 and $1,000 at a
time," Schroeder said of her contributions over the years. "That won't get you
very far in the lobbying world."

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            April 18, 2007 Wednesday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

$325,000 fine sought against Vacco firm

BYLINE: By Tom Precious - NEWS ALBANY BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B12

LENGTH: 568 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


State lobbying investigators are recommending $325,000 in fines against a firm
led by former State Attorney General Dennis C. Vacco for three alleged
violations of New York's lobbying laws during its representation of a Rochester
businessman trying to win a casino deal with an Oklahoma Indian tribe.

The state lobbying commission, in one of its last official acts before it goes
out of business later this year, in June will hear the case against Crane &
Vacco, the agency's board ruled Tuesday.

The agency is being folded into a larger department in September that will
oversee a variety of lobbying and state ethics matters.

A year ago, Vacco's firm was cleared by the Albany County district attorney's
office of allegations by state lobbying officials that a contract between
Vacco's firm and Rochester businessman Thomas Wilmot violated prohibitions
against success-fee contracts, which call for extra remuneration depending on
the success of the lobbying effort.

The Albany prosecutor was acting on evidence turned over by the lobbying
commission, which already had been investigating Vacco's firm.

Lawyers for Vacco have said the work the former attorney general did for Wilmot
did not constitute the state's legal definition of lobbying at the time because
there was no attempt to influence the passage or defeat of any legislation.
Moreover, they said a contract at issue with Wilmot was never signed.

David Grandeau, executive director of the lobbying commission, said the case
against Vacco's firm was never dropped, even after it was referred to Albany
County prosecutors.

On Tuesday, Grandeau presented the commission's board with three referrals
against Vacco's firm, including failure to file required lobbying documents with
the agency on a timely basis and filing a false statement of registration. In
all, the three violations carry fines of $325,000 if they are sustained,
Grandeau said.

Vacco declined comment Tuesday.

But his firm recently filed a motion in State Supreme Court in Albany seeking to
block a subpoena issued by the lobbying agency for James Crane, an Albany lawyer
married to Constance Crane, Vacco's partner in the lobbying firm.

The March 9 court papers accused Grandeau of using "the investigative powers of
his office to pursue a personal vendetta against Mr. Crane, ignoring lawful
procedure and subjecting Mr. Crane to bad faith inquisition in the hope of
discovering some reporting irregularity upon which to prosecute him." The papers
accused Grandeau of "persistent and abusive harassment" of Crane.

Grandeau dismissed the charges of a personal vendetta, noting that all five
board members, appointed by Republican and Democratic legislative leaders,
believed Tuesday there was enough evidence against the Vacco firm to hold a
hearing in June.

Intermediate string overflow Cannot justify line Vacco's firm more than a year
ago had agreed to pay the state $50,000 to drop the probe. The firm admitted no
wrongdoing. The money was never paid, and the state lobbying agency continued
its investigation.

Vacco, a former United States attorney for Western New York who lost to Eliot L.
Spitzer in the 1998 campaign for state attorney general, represents an array of
clients in Albany, including Delaware North Cos., a library association, cable
television companies, school administrators and a group vying to win a lucrative
thoroughbred racing franchise.

e-mail: tprecious@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     November 21, 2003 Friday CITY EDITION

NORTHSTAR LOBBYING COSTS DRAW COMPLAINT
LAWMAKER CITES PR FIRM'S $600,000 CONTRACT

BYLINE: HANK SHAW, Pioneer Press

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 718 words


The Northstar railroad authority spent at least $914,000 in taxpayer money on
lobbying and public relations since 2002 -- some of which state Rep. Phil
Krinkie of Shoreview says was never reported.

Krinkie, a critic of the proposed commuter rail service between St. Cloud,
Minn., and the Twin Cities, filed a complaint Thursday with the state Campaign
Finance & Disclosure Board over the spending. The complaint accuses the
Northstar Corridor Development Authority and Minneapolis public relations firm
Himle Horner of hiding lobbying efforts that the lawmaker says the firm
performed as part of a $600,000 contract.

Krinkie also questioned whether it's proper for a public entity to spend so much
taxpayer money on what amounts to an attempt to secure more tax money for the
$310 million project.

"How much are they spending to lobby the Legislature for more money?" Krinkie
asked. "They've clearly gone beyond the line where they are just trying to
inform the public about this project's benefits." Krinkie said the campaign
finance board should require Himle Horner to disclose its lobbying.

John Himle said his firm creates brochures and other materials used in
Northstar's lobbying effort, helps Northstar plot its lobbying strategy and
tells residents who live along the rail corridor to ask their lawmakers to
support the project. But this does not make them lobbyists, he said.

"We are not over at the Capitol sitting down with legislators urging them to
support the project," Himle said. "We carefully monitor our activity to make
sure we've not crossed the line."

Krinkie says the law is not that literal and that overseeing a lobbying campaign
is no different from stalking the halls of the Capitol.

Paul McCarron, a former state representative who now works as a spokesman for
Northstar, said the authority isn't trying to hide anything. Northstar gets much
of its money from local governments along the corridor and spending some of it
on lobbying is an unfortunate part of building a project that size, he said.

"I wish it didn't have to be that way," McCarron said. "If government were more
approachable, we wouldn't have to do this."

McCarron also said the federal government requires the authority to publicize
the proposal. "Whether you have to spend money or not isn't in the law, but I
don't know how you do it without money," he said.

Northstar is no stranger to high-powered lobbying campaigns. Since 2002, federal
records show the authority spent $180,000 with two firms to influence Congress.
And Northstar did report $134,000 in state lobbying costs for 2002.

It did not report any Minnesota lobbying expenses for 2001, according to records
filed with the state disclosure board. Expenses for 2003 will not be available
until next year. The Himle Horner campaign features a Web site, letter-writing
campaign and online petition drive -- all bent on convincing lawmakers and Gov.
Tim Pawlenty to find money to help pay for the project. Pawlenty has said he
will not weigh in on the issue until a federal study of the proposal is
completed next month.

State Rep. Chris DeLaForest of Andover, who lives along the Northstar corridor
and has not yet taken a position on the proposal, said he receives a constant
stream of mail and phone calls from Northstar supporters. DeLaForest said the
authority's lobbyists call him frequently.

David Strom of the Minnesota Taxpayers League said Northstar's decision to spend
so much on public relations shows how little real support the proposal has among
residents.

"They wouldn't need to spend that kind of money if this were a good project.
It's a bad idea," Strom said. "I'll give them this: The Himle Horner people have
done a masterful job of getting out a massive amount of propaganda to the people
along the Northstar corridor. And very little is based in fact."

Himle dismissed that notion.

"I would challenge them to take their own poll," Himle said. "If you look
consistently at all the polling data, you consistently see high levels of
support. This is not manufactured."

The campaign finance board does not comment on complaints. But the case could be
heard as early as the board's next meeting in December.

Hank Shaw can be reached at hshaw@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5257.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              675 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                             April 22, 2016 Friday

Can Capitol's revolving door be slowed?

BYLINE: Thomas D. Elias

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 630 words


The revolving door in Sacramento is decisively alive and well today, but there's
also a move afoot to crimp it at least a little.

Nancy McFadden, chief of staff for Gov. Jerry Brown, is not the first to use the
cycle that sends so-called "public servants" on a continuous and connected path
between lobbying and government, but her case is the latest cause
c[#xfffd]l[#xfffd]bre.

McFadden, an aide to Brown during the 1970s and early '80s, also worked for
ex-Gov. Gray Davis and a was Bill Clinton administration official in Washington,
D.C., before going to work for Pacific Gas & Electric Co. There, she soon became
senior vice president and senior adviser to the corporate chairman, representing
the big utility in Sacramento.

After taking a $1.04 million "golden handshake" from PG&E, she went back to work
for Brown when he returned to the governor's office in 2010. She also held onto
her PG&E shares and stock options for many months after getting back into
government. She's a classic example of the revolving door, especially since her
agreement to take the big parting gift from PG&E prohibited her doing anything
detrimental to the company.

Then there's former Assemblyman Henry T. Perea, a Democrat who represented
Fresno for five years before taking a lucrative Sacramento job lobbying for the
Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, better known as PhRMA.
That's the main lobbying arm of drug companies often collectively called Big
Pharma.

And there are former state Sen. Michael Rubio of Shafter, another Democrat, who
moved to a job with Chevron Corp., and Bill Emmerson, a sometime Republican
state senator from the Inland Empire, now with the California Hospital
Association.

The former lawmakers' job is to influence their buddies and recent colleagues
still serving as legislators.They must wait one year before they can officially
schmooze other legislators, but no one can prohibit them from playing golf
together or watching televised sports or hoisting a drink or two near the state
Capitol.

Now comes Republican state Sen. Andy Vidak of Hanford with an effort to at least
delay influence peddling a bit. Even though it might be against the future
financial interests of some of them, Democratic lawmakers ought not to give this
effort the automatic heave-ho often inflicted upon GOP-sponsored bills in
Sacramento.

Vidak, elected by a margin of almost 10 percent in a swing district in 2014,
proposes a ban on ex-legislators lobbying their former co-workers and the
governor until the end of the first legislative session beginning after the
lawmaker leaves office. For statewide officials like the governor or secretary
of state, he would extend an existing lobbying ban from one year to two.

For Perea, this would have forbidden formal lobbying until at least three years
after his departure, as the first full legislative session after his resignation
starts next January and lasts two years. That might have made him not quite as
hot a property for Big Pharma, essentially adding two years to his present
schmoozing moratorium.

This, said Vidak, could "discourage legislators from leaving office in the
middle of their terms to take a lucrative ... job, which often leads to a
lucrative lobbying career." He noted that special elections to replace departing
lawmakers cost counties many millions of dollars, "money that would be better
spent on critical local programs such as public safety, transportation or
health."

In terms of good government, there's no question Vidak's bill represents
improvement. But in terms of the financial futures of the legislators who will
vote it up or down, it's a downer. Which means this is one good idea not very
likely to become reality, even though it should.

Thomas D. Elias is a writer in Southern California. tdelias@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              676 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              March 6, 2017 Monday

Lobbyists descend on statehouses

BYLINE: Archie Ingersoll Forum News Service

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 693 words


Every legislative session, hundreds of lobbyists descend upon the statehouses in
Bismarck and St. Paul, trying to achieve their legislative agendas.

Some are hired guns contracted by various groups to work on a variety of issues,
while others are in-house lobbyists employed by the groups they represent. In
North Dakota and Minnesota, a handful of groups stand out because of the number
of lobbyists they have.

With 51 registered lobbyists, Xcel Energy has the most in Minnesota. In North
Dakota, the state Veterans Coordinating Council tops the lists with 12. The
second-place spot in both states is held by teachers unions, Education Minnesota
(27) and North Dakota United (11).

But how many lobbyists a group has and how much it spends on lobbying doesn't
always translate into legislative success, said Joel Carlson, a longtime
Minnesota lobbyist who was a state representative for Moorhead in the 1980s.

"The quality or content of your ideas still matter," he said.

There are close to 500 registered lobbyists in North Dakota, and Minnesota has
over 1,300. With so many voices clamoring for the attention of a far smaller
number of lawmakers, how do lobbyists pierce this wall of noise?

The truth, Carlson said, is that there aren't over 1,300 lobbyists crowding the
halls of the Minnesota Capitol every day of a legislative session.

"But there is a lot of clutter out there and trying to break through that is
part of our job," he said. "I try to get my clients focused on issues that can
actually pass."

Carlson also noted that the number of lobbyists for a group like Xcel is
inflated by the fact that anyone working to influence decisions made by the
state Public Utilities Commission must register as a lobbyist. Similarly in
North Dakota, the state Veterans Coordinating Council has many of its board
members registered to lobby lawmakers, but they aren't full-time lobbyists.

A better gauge of lobbying firepower may be the amount of money spent on
lobbying. North Dakota does not tally these dollar figures, and few lobbyists
even report expenses to the state, as only purchases of more than $60 must be
disclosed.

Minnesota, however, does track lobbying costs. The top three spenders in 2015
were the Minnesota Chamber of Commerce ($2.2 million), Minnesota Business
Partnership ($1.2 million) and Education Minnesota ($980,000), according to
state records. Some of this money goes to paying lobbyists, and some goes to
wining and dining lawmakers.

North Dakota Rep. Joshua Boschee, D-Fargo, said it's not unusual for lobbyists
to buy dinner for legislators, sometimes entire committees, or to host
receptions for them in an effort to build relationships and advocate for certain
interests. "While they're not necessarily saying they're advocating for
something, they're certainly advocating for something," he said.

In North Dakota where legislators don't have staff members, Boschee said,
legislators depend on lobbyists to help them quickly grasp complex issues. North
Dakota House Majority Leader Al Carlson, R-Fargo, agreed.

"It's our responsibility to sort out the wheat from the chaff - decide what's
good information, what's not," Rep. Carlson said.

The Minnesota and North Dakota legislatures are both currently in session.
Minnesota's meets every year, while North Dakota's convenes every other. In off
years, North Dakota lobbyists stay busy keeping tabs on interim committees
discussing legislation and on administrative agencies considering rule changes,
said Bismarck lobbyist Levi Andrist.

In his seven years as a lobbyist, Andrist said he's only written a handful of
bills but has drafted quite a few amendments to bills, changes that his clients
were seeking. He said it's common for model legislation from national groups
like the National Conference of State Legislatures to end up in the North Dakota
Capitol.

The Minnesota lobbyist, Joel Carlson, who has experience as a legislative
researcher, said he's drafted a great deal of legislation. Ultimately though,
the final versions of bills are prepared by the Minnesota revisor's office or
the North Dakota legislative council.

Readers can reach Forum reporter Archie Ingersoll at (701) 451-5734

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2017 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             March 9, 2004 Tuesday

City Council Member Seeks Lobbying Probe of Lead-Paint Law Proponents

BYLINE: By WILLIAM F. HAMMOND JR., Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 500 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


State officials should investigate whether leading proponents of New York City's
new lead-paint law improperly used government funds to pay for their lobbying on
the issue, the Republican minority leader of the City Council, James Oddo, said
yesterday.

In a recent letter to the Department of Housing & Community Renewal, Mr. Oddo
pointed out that the Northern Manhattan Improvement Corporation played an active
role in the council's debate last year while also receiving substantial grants
from the department. He noted that state law forbids the use of such state funds
to influence legislation.

People at NMIC "were really driving this issue," said Mr. Oddo, who opposed the
lead-paint law. "If they were using taxpayer dollars to boot, in violation of
the rules and regulations, I think there should be some ramifications for that."

A lawyer at NMIC who was involved in the lead paint issue, Matthew Chachere,
denied any wrongdoing.

"We don't expend any funds from DHCR for any lobbying activity," Mr. Chachere
said. "Certainly none of the work I'm doing, as far as I'm aware, is paid by
DHCR.... Someone has an ax to grind, and that's fine."

A spokesman for the department, Peter Moses, said officials would act promptly
on Mr. Oddo's request.

"We are investigating, as we do with anything that comes in the mail," Mr. Moses
said. "We take these allegations very seriously."

NMIC, a nonprofit group based in Washington Heights, is due to receive $3
million from the department this fiscal year to pay for weatherization of
low-income housing. The group also has a three-year contract with the
department, worth a total of $195,000, to cover administrative ex 915 1026 992
1037penses. The group's annual budget for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2002,
was $6.9 million, according to public records.

According to its Web site,www.nmic.org, the group also receives funding from a
variety of other city, state, and federal agencies, businesses, foundations, and
private donors.

NMIC was a leading member of the Coalition to End Lead Poisoning, which
campaigned for years for the city to enact tighter standards on lead paint in
older apartment buildings, which can cause lead poisoning and brain damage in
children. The council approved the bill over opposition from Mayor Bloomberg,
landlords, and others who argued it would discourage the development of
low-income housing.

In November, The New York Sun reported that the state Lobbying Commission had
received a complaint that the NMIC was not properly reporting its activities as
a lobbyist. Officials at the corporation initially denied that the lobbying law
applied to their work on the lead-paint issue was covered by the lobbying law,
but registered with the commission in early December.

In its filings, the group reported spending about $6,700 on lobbying from
September through December.

"It looks like they are doing what they're supposed to be doing," said a
spokesman for the commission, Kris Thompson. "There's nothing here that's
questionable."

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              678 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                           February 24, 2004 Tuesday

Lobbying Chief Shows Support for Simmons

BYLINE: By WILLIAM F. HAMMOND JR., Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 514 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


Hip-hop entrepreneur Russell Simmons's latest constitutional challenge to the
state lobbying law is receiving support from an unexpected source - the director
of the agency charged with enforcing the law, David Grandeau of the Lobbying
Commission.

Mr. Simmons's lawyer, James Featherstonhaugh, argues in a lawsuit filed Friday
that the commission enforcement system doesn't give accused violators a fair
hearing before determining their guilt, violating their right to due process.

The argument won a temporary stay from state Supreme Court Judge Bernard Malone,
preventing the commission from going forward with a penalty hearing tomorrow
against Mr. Simmons's Coalition for Fairness, which campaigned last year to
reduce the penalties for drug crimes. The coalition had faced fines of up to
$75,000 for not promptly disclosing the finances of a rally at New York City
Hall last June.

Surprisingly, Mr. Grandeau responded not by defending his commission's policies,
but by acknowledging that they are legally problematic.

"Quite frankly as an attorney I think [Mr. Simmons's attorney] has an excellent
argument, one that's quite troubling," he said yesterday on WROW in Albany. "I
am not at all averse to pointing out to the judge that the other party is right
in this case. It's not about winning. It's about doing the right thing."

A decision in Mr. Simmons's favor would leave the commission with little power
to enforce its reporting requirements for interest groups trying to influence
state government. But Mr. Grandeau said that might not be such a bad thing,
since it would pressure lawmakers to rewrite a 27-year-old law that he said
needs updating.

A government watchdog with the New York Public Interest Group, Blair Horner,
said he agrees the suit is an opportunity to strengthen the lobbying law.
"Albany doesn't like to react until there is a crisis," he said. "This may be
the crisis."

The attorney general's office - which is charged with defending the
constitutionality of state laws - plans to fight Mr. Simmons's lawsuit with or
without the cooperation of the Lobbying Commission, spokesman Darren Dopp said
yesterday.

"We believe the law is clearly constitutional," Mr. Dopp said. "We will continue
to defend [the lobbying law] aggressively so we don't return to an era of
back-room deals in New York."

Mr. Featherstonhaugh said the law improperly gives Mr. Grandeau and his staff
the sole authority to determine whether a violation has occurred, without a
formal hearing or the opportunity for the accused to cross-examine witnesses.
Commission members hold a hearing before setting the amount of the fine, but do
not have the option of reversing the conviction.

Mr. Grandeau said he has been aware of the legal issue for years, but no one has
challenged the commission's enforcement policy until now.

"It's kind of like the perfect storm for lobbying reform," he said. "We have a
defendant, Russell Simmons, who has the financial means to litigate it. And he
has the belief that he's correct...and he has an attorney that actually
understands the act. That's pretty rare."

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              679 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                             May 2, 2007 Wednesday

Mayor scores a big assist in L.A.'s lobbying efforts

BYLINE: By Harrison Sheppard Sacramento Bureau

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 959 words


As California cities compete for billions of dollars for infrastructure
projects, Los Angeles wields two distinct advantages: the biggest lobbying
budget and a charismatic, Sacramento- savvy mayor.

Last year, Los Angeles spent about $760,000 on lobbying in Sacramento.

And in just the first three months of 2007, the city spent about $297,000, more
than San Diego and San Francisco combined spent on lobbying during all of last
year, according to financial reports filed this week.

But while most of L.A.'s lobbying is done by consultants and city employees in
Sacramento and Washington, D.C., political observers say the city's best
lobbyist is Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa.

"When he makes an appearance in Sacramento, he exercises a lot more clout than
the lobbyists would - or past mayors," said Bob Stern, president of the Los
Angeles-based Center for Governmental Studies.

"He knows how to push the buttons. He knows where the power centers are. On top
of that, he's a very charismatic guy who has a future."

As a former Assembly speaker and a likely gubernatorial candidate, Villaraigosa
knows key players and carries significant authority in Sacramento.

"Villaraigosa going to Sacramento is like \ Schwarzenegger going to Washington,"
Stern said. "They both get attention wherever they go. It's harder to say no to
a popular public figure than to a lobbyist."

Villaraigosa demonstrated that power last year when he corralled reluctant
lawmakers into passing legislation designed to give him more control over the
Los Angeles Unified School District.

The mayor's political committee supporting the effort spent more than $1.1
million in Sacramento. And when the legislation was in danger of failing, the
mayor repeatedly visited the Capitol to exert his influence.

Even when the vote fell short on its first tally, Villaraigosa pressed his case
with lawmakers in the hallways. Ultimately, the measure squeaked by on
three-vote margins in both houses.

Some lawmakers privately acknowledged that the mayor's personality and his
potential to be governor someday played a bigger role in their decision than the
bill's merits.

The mayor's personal lobbying efforts also made key differences in advancing a
405 Freeway interchange project and landing more transportation funding for Los
Angeles.

But that mettle will be tested as agencies across California battle for their
share of $42 billion in voter-approved state bond funds and as lawmakers tackle
a $100 billion state budget.

"The mayor's top legislative priority is to ensure Los Angeles receives its
share of funding from the statewide infrastructure bonds," said Villaraigosa
spokeswoman Janelle Erickson.

"This includes funding for mass transit, street maintenance, highways and local
streets and roads. It also includes funding for housing, both affordable and for
the homeless, and lastly funding to green Los Angeles, which includes
revitalizing the river, planting a million trees and creating open space and ...
parks."

And attempts to land more state and federal money come at a key time for Los
Angeles, which faces a sharply tightened budget and strained resources.

To help its efforts in Washington, the city relies on four internal lobbyists
and last year also reported paying about $380,000 to outside lobbyists.

In Sacramento, the city spends roughly $800,000 a year on lobbying efforts, much
of it through membership in advocacy groups.

During the 2005-06 legislative session, the city paid $542,000 to the Southern
California Association of Governments; $29,000 to the South Bay Cities Council
of Governments; and $183,000 to the League of California Cities.

Last year, the city reported spending about $188,000 on its two-person internal
lobbying team of Andrew Antwih and Silvia Solis in Sacramento.

The quiet-spoken Antwih, a native of Los Angeles, worked for nine years as
consultant to the Assembly Transportation Committee before being hired by
Villaraigosa in late 2005.

"I have found Andrew to be very thorough, extremely smart, an excellent
strategic thinker and he's very knowledgeable," said Assemblyman Mike Feuer,
D-West Hollywood, who is also a former Los Angeles city councilman.

"And I have come to consider Andrew somebody who not only comes to lobby me, but
whom I can call to strategize about a variety of issues."

The city's lobbying efforts included 45 bills last year, although only a handful
were directly related to city interests. More commonly, city lobbyists weighed
in on more general topics such as minimum wage and global warming.

Four of the five city-related bills for which the city lobbied passed and were
signed by the governor.

Those included the mayor's LAUSD takeover, a bill requested by the Community
Redevelopment Agency to allow special parking for ride-sharing programs, and a
bill allowing the Department of Water and Power and other utilities to charge
special fees to other public agencies such as school districts.

A bill to add another Los Angeles-appointed seat to the South Coast Air Quality
Management Board failed.

And Villaraigosa's clout has not gone unchallenged. While the mayor did manage
to get substantial funding for transportation, the city still received less than
Alameda County, which is significantly smaller.

Still, many expect Villaraigosa's star power to go far.

Brendan Huffman, president of the Valley Industry and Commerce Association, has
accompanied the mayor on lobbying trips to Washington, and was astonished at the
treatment he received.

"Last year, I remember walking behind him through the halls of Rayburn \, and
interns and staff members coming out of congressional offices to see him walk
down," Huffman said. "I thought, this must be like when a rock star comes to the
Hill to testify."

harrison.sheppard@dailynews.com

(916) 446-6723

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             August 19, 2007 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

WISPOLITICS.COM STOCK REPORT;
UPS AND DOWNS IN WISCONSIN POLITICS AS COLLECTED BY WISPOLITICS.COM STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D7

LENGTH: 1006 words


RISING

LOBBYISTS SPEND $17.1 MILLION SO FAR

The state's lobbying corps turned in another record performance with $17.1
million spent during the first half of 2007 trying to influence lawmakers and
state officials. The effort is about $800,000 higher than the first half of
2005, the last time a budget bill was under consideration, though there were
slightly fewer hours put in by the various groups that reported to the Ethics
Board. The Wisconsin Hospital Association fighting Gov. Jim Doyle's hospital tax
comes in No. 1 for most money spent on its lobbying effort at $434,240. The
hospitals trade group is followed by perennial lobbying powers Wisconsin
Manufacturers & Commerce ($366,674) and Wisconsin Education Association Council
($314,899).

POLITICAL FUNDRAISING PASSES $2 MILLION

As the budget churns and political fundraisers continue for budget conferees and
other elected officials, numbers from the Wisconsin Democracy Campaign show the
governor, lawmakers and the four legislative campaign committees raised more
than $2 million during the first six months of 2007. Doyle pulled in $527,684, a
little less than his campaign's haul during the first six months of 2003 after
he took office. Lawmakers, meanwhile, raked in $1.52 million, more than they've
raised in past periods when a budget was under consideration. The total, which
includes personal campaign committees and the four leadership committees, is 12
percent higher than the $1.36 million raised in the first six months of 2005 and
19 percent higher than the $1.28 million raised in the first half of 2003, WDC
reports. The Legislature's campaign committees raised $485,201, or 32 percent,
of the $1.52 million total.

MIDWEST AIRLINES WILL SEE ANOTHER DAY

After many assumed the identity of the Milwaukee-based airline was on the verge
of being swallowed up by AirTran, Midwest Airlines now looks likely to live on
after reaching a $450 million "definitive merger agreement" with a Texas-based
investment firm. Midwest Air got a deal on its terms from TPG Capital, which
includes money from Northwest Airlines. While some analysts raise questions
about maintaining service quality and possible antitrust concerns given NWA's
involvement, Midwest chairman and CEO Timothy Hoeksema sums up the rosy outlook
this way: "The cookies stay."

MIXED

ACT SCORES UP, MINORITY TAKERS DOWN

Wisconsin scores and participation are up on the ACT college entrance exam, but
racial disparity troubles educators. ACT statistics show Wisconsin tying for
second among states with an average score of 22.3, just behind Minnesota's 22.5.
Seventy percent of public and private school 2007 graduates took the test, up
from 68 percent last year, and the state's average score is more than a full
point better than the national composite score of 21.2. Still, only 4.6 percent
of Wisconsin ACT takers were African American, even though they make up 9
percent of the state's high school population; there's a push to get more
Milwaukee students to take the test. Meanwhile, a Wisconsin Taxpayers Alliance
report on fourth- and eighth-grade reading and math tests shows Wisconsin's
fourth-graders overall ticking up nicely in both reading and math in 2006-07.
But results from the Wisconsin Knowledge and Concepts Exam show scores for
eighth-grade students on reading tests unchanged from their performance as
seventh-graders and math scores up only one percentage point.

COUNTY BOARD BACKS RTA, OTHERS OPPOSED

The Dane County Board backed plans for a regional transit authority, which would
oversee a proposed commuter rail line. But the body and the half-cent sales tax
boost that could go with it has received a mixed reception. Madison Mayor Dave
Cieslewicz dropped his support for streetcars after widespread opposition
threatened to bring down the larger RTA proposal. Still, Stoughton, Sun Prairie,
Cross Plains and Waunakee have voted to oppose the plan, while Middleton and
Shorewood Hills support it. The proposal still faces several hurdles, including
permission from the Legislature to allow an RTA and money from the federal
government to help pay for the first rail line. On top of that, Dane County
voters would have to approve a referendum authorizing the RTA to levy the sales
tax hike.

FALLING

NEITHER SIDE GIVING IN ON BUDGET

Already about seven weeks late, a legislative budget compromise seems a long way
off. This week's proceedings left budget watchers battening down the hatches for
a long, stormy ride. Despite ongoing private conversations between the committee
co-chairs Senate Majority Leader Judy Robson and Assembly Speaker Mike Huebsch
and their staffs, no new agreements have emerged over the past few weeks. With
neither side bending and the unfocused dialog shifting from topic to topic,
observers marvel at what seems to be a lack of strategy on either side. Some
longtime budget watchers bemoan what they see as the same old budget squabble,
only with different names compared to years past. Others note the lack of good
theater gives the media nothing to write about other than the lack of progress;
now comes scrutiny on conferees' fundraisers. Insiders wonder how long it will
be before the "do-nothing Legislature" headlines dominate TV coverage and
newspaper editorials.

THOMPSON SAYS HE HAS NO REGRETS

The former governor's presidential campaign came to what insiders see as a
merciful end after his disappointing sixth-place finish in the Iowa straw poll.
Despite a resume that includes groundbreaking work on welfare reform and school
choice, Thompson finished behind U.S. Rep. Ron Paul, considered a fringe
candidate by many. Thompson, who turns 66 in November, said he had no regrets.
Still, the loss stings. Thompson says his campaign purchased 2,300 tickets for
the straw poll expecting those who took them would vote for him. That, he
believed, would propel him to a second-place finish. Instead, supporters of
other campaigns seem to have taken advantage of the opportunity to grab a ticket
and vote for their guy instead as Thompson finished with 1,039 votes.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              681 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 23, 1988, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Nofziger Stock Payment Revealed

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 50, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 306 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 22


A former official of the Wedtech Corporation testified today that the company
turned over 1 percent of its stock to the lobbying concern of Lyn Nofziger, the
former White House aide, after Mr. Nofziger's partner told them they were ''more
or less like a welfare case.''

Mario E. Moreno, who was Wedtech's executive vice president, said at the trial
of Mr. Nofziger and his partner, Mark A. Bragg, that ''Mr. Bragg indicated he
was very disappointed with the company.'

Mr. Moreno said Mr. Bragg summoned officials to Washington from the company's
headquarters in the South Bronx in January 1983 and told them, ''We were more or
less like a welfare case, that other companies were being paid fees of $300,000
and they were doing much more work for us.''

Mr. Moreno testified with the jurors outside the courtroom as Federal District
Judge Thomas A. Flannery sought to decide how much to limit his testimony before
the panel. He is one of four Wedtech executives who pleaded guilty to bribery
and conspiracy in obtaining Government contracts.

Mr. Nofziger is charged with four counts of lobbying former Government
colleagues on behalf of Wedtech and two other clients in violation of a Federal
ethics law.

Mr. Moreno testified that after the Washington meeting, a check for $30,000 was
issued to Mr. Nofziger and Mr. Bragg. He said the executives then made a public
offering of $30 million in stock in the corporation and conveyed 1 percent of
the shares to Mr. Nofziger and Mr. Bragg to settle a remaining debt of perhaps
$40,000 for lobbying services rendered in 1982.

Prosecutors say the stock later was sold for $651,750, which combined with
$234,595 in cash payments from Wedtech and the Latin American Manufacturers
Association, of which Wedtech was the key member, came out to $886,345 in fees
to the lobbying concern.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              682 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           September 25, 2007 Tuesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

2 face investigation for Pa. film-lobbying role

BYLINE: By Mario F. Cattabiani; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 823 words


HARRISBURG - A legislative panel is expected today to hire a suburban
Philadelphia private detective agency to investigate whether a onetime news
anchor and a former lawmaker broke lobbying rules in pushing a
multi-million-dollar state tax credit for the film industry.

"Pennsylvania is under a very dark cloud when it comes to lobbying, ethics, and
campaign-finance disclosure laws," said Sen. Jeffrey Piccola (R., Dauphin), who
as chairman of the Senate State Government Committee led the effort to hire the
detectives. "People who influence the law should not be above it."

Under a three-month contract expected to be completed today with the committee,
the West Chester firm of Cloud Feehery & Richter will be paid $120 an hour to
investigate whether loopholes in the state's lobbying and ethics laws were
exploited.

At issue is the effort behind a $75 million tax credit - backed by the Rendell
administration and others - for companies that agree to produce TV shows and
movies in the state. The credit was a last-minute addition to the state budget
this summer.

The private eyes will focus on lobbyists Leslie Merrill McCombs, a former Fox TV
reporter in Pittsburgh, and former Rep. Mike Veon, a Beaver County Democrat.
Both had lobbied for the credit on behalf of Lionsgate, a leading independent
film and TV production company based in Santa Monica, Calif.

McCombs was representing Lionsgate earlier this year, but had not registered
with the state as the company's lobbyist - something Pennsylvania's lobbying
disclosure law enacted in 2006 requires.

Last week, McCombs, 47, called her failure to declare Lionsgate as a client a
"technical and brief noncompliance" that was later corrected.

She also lashed out at Piccola for, in her view, suggesting that she had an
inappropriate relationship with the governor and abused that relationship as a
lobbyist on behalf of Lionsgate.

Piccola said detectives would also look into allegations he has received that
Veon violated ethics laws by lobbying former House colleagues.

Under state law, Veon is barred from lobbying the House for a year after he left
office. He was defeated in November amid a furor over the 2005 legislative pay
raise. At the time, he was the second-ranking House Democrat. Veon registered as
a Lionsgate lobbyist in May.

In an e-mail, Veon said he welcomed the inquiry, and "I am confident that any
review of the facts and the record will find that at no time . . . have I
lobbied anyone in the House of Representatives."

Cloud, Feehery & Richter is led by former FBI agents and state police
investigators. The firm was used in 2004 by the Philadelphia Parking Authority
to probe whether employees there were pressured to contribute to the Republican
Party.

The contract lasts through Dec. 31. The detectives will mainly be conducting
research and interviews and will not be employing surveillance techniques, said
Piccola, who plans to hold hearings on the matter when the investigation is
completed.

"Should the investigation uncover statutory weaknesses and loopholes, the
committee will work to address them," he said.

Although rare, it is not unprecedented for Harrisburg to hire detectives.

They were used in the 1994 impeachment of State Supreme Court Justice Rolf
Larsen. More recently, Piccola, as head of a select committee in 2002, used a
private eye to investigate allegations of voter fraud.

Last week, Gov. Rendell criticized the move. He said it was a waste of tax
dollars and quipped that it led to legal woes for the last lawmaker to do so.

"The last person who hired a private detective to look at something in the state
Senate got indicted," said Rendell.

The governor was referring to Sen. Vincent J. Fumo (D., Phila.), who was
indicted in February on federal counts of fraud and obstruction of justice. Fumo
had paid a private eye, according to the case against him, with state funds to
spy on his ex-wife and political foes, including Rendell.

Rendell said last week that he did not know McCombs was working for Lionsgate
when she lobbied for the company and that, under the state law, he probably
should have. Even so, he said he has supported the idea of a film tax credit way
back in his days as Philadelphia's mayor.

While he opposes the hiring of detectives, Rendell did say that he supports
efforts to tighten the lobbying rules.

The registration and disclosure rules are designed to give the public details
about how much special interests are spending to influence policymakers in
Harrisburg. The rules, established in 2006 after the state had no lobbying law
on the books for four years, are widely viewed as among the weakest in the
nation.

Eric Epstein, founder of the government watchdog group RockTheCapital.org, also
chided the decision to employ private detectives.

"You don't need to hire a gumshoe to figure out that the lobby law has no bite,"
Epstein said.

Contact staff writer Mario F. Cattabiani at 717-787-5990 or
mcattabiani@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              683 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 30, 1993, Tuesday, Final Edition

Hospital Association Fees Add Millions to Patients' Expenses;
Industry Defends Costs of Lobbying, Research, but Critics Scoff

Thomas Heath, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 1138 words


Johns Hopkins Hospital spent $ 111,000 this year to be a member of an
association that lobbies the Maryland General Assembly. In the District,
Washington Hospital Center spent $ 185,000 to make sure its voice was heard by
the D.C. Council. And in Virginia, Fairfax Hospital spent $ 78,000 for lobbying
and other services.

In the case of those and dozens of other area hospitals, the fees were
ultimately paid by patients, and industry critics say those expenses are unfair,
especially at a time when the Clinton administration and state governments are
trying to control health care costs.

Hospitals in the Washington area spent about $ 5 million last year to be members
of statewide hospital associations. Part of that money went to support
legislative lobbying, and hospital officials said it was a legitimate expense
representing a fraction of their annual budgets and costs borne by patients. For
example, the amount Fairfax Hospital spent last year is a tiny part of its
operating expenses of $ 335 million.

"My association exists to put the facts before the decision makers," said
Richard H. Wade, a senior vice president at the American Hospital Association
and a former spokesman for the Maryland Hospital Association. "Without us, the
public would lose representation that affects the quality of hospitals. The
benefit to the public far outweighs the money."

Critics said hospital associations are of questionable value to patients because
the associations are chiefly looking out for the interests of their member
hospitals.

"It's not clear to anybody that there's any benefit to the patient," said Lowell
S. Levin, a professor of public health at the Yale School of Medicine and a
frequent critic of the U.S. medical industry. "The hospitals have to answer this
question for us, and they have not done so."

Charles Inlander, of the People's Medical Society in Allentown, Pa., a health
care consumer group, said hospital association dues "are an absurd fact of
life."

"In every one of your hospital bills, you are paying the hospital to go to
Washington or the state capitol . . . to make sure we have no power in the
system," Inlander said.

In return for association membership, hospitals get a public relations, research
and lobbying network that tries to have an impact on national, state and local
legislation, as well as on regulatory matters. Like other trade associations,
those serving hospitals have staff researchers and policy specialists trained
for rapid response to legislation and regulatory proposals that can affect
members' interests.

"The hospitals' imprint is enormous," said Maryland state Sen. Thomas P.
O'Reilly (D-Prince George's), chairman of a key committee and one of the
architects of landmark legislation designed to overhaul Maryland's health care
system. "They may speak grandiosely about how the world is going to be better if
certain legislation passes, but in fact their role is looking out for the
hospitals."

In recent years the Maryland Hospital Association has helped form legislation
affecting competition with physician-owned businesses and state payments for
emergency room visits. Last year in Richmond, the Virginia Hospital Association
led the way in defeating a proposed "sick tax" that Gov. L. Douglas Wilder tried
to impose on hospitals across the state.

Nationally, about 4,900 hospitals are members of the American Hospital
Association, which has headquarters in Chicago and maintains a 70-member
Washington office just a few steps from Capitol Hill. Smaller hospital
associations are in nearly every state, and they share information, intelligence
and research with the AHA through an alliance agreement.

Another giant is the Federation of American Health Systems, which represents
about 1,400 for-profit hospitals. There also are several other associations
representing Catholic, Protestant, children's and other hospitals. Most
associations charge annual membership fees, and many have political action
committees that donate to candidates.

In nearly all cases, hospitals pay dues based on their size, with the biggest
paying the largest shares. The AHA takes in $ 61 million annually in membership
fees; state hospital associations and other trade groups take in well over $ 50
million a year, according to industry officials.

The 68 member hospitals in Maryland's statewide association pay an average of $
32,900 in annual dues. Virginia's 120 members pay an average $ 10,000 apiece,
and the District's 17 members pay $ 57,000 apiece, according to those hospital
associations. Dues for members of the American Hospital Association range from $
80,000 for the group's 22 biggest members to a low of $ 950 for some government
institutions. The AHA average is about $ 12,500, according to officials.

In response to the concern over costs, the Massachusetts Hospital Association
froze its dues this year, and several other state groups are considering doing
the same, association officials said.

The associations say their job is to be advocates for the hospitals, but add
that they perform other functions as well. The groups hold educational seminars
and conventions, share research to improve quality, save hospitals money on
large drug purchases and advise members on employee development.

The University of Maryland Medical Center employs its own lobbyist, but also is
a member of the Maryland Hospital Association. A university official said the
hospital probably recouped its $ 115,000 membership fee through saving on
purchases made through an arm of the association.

Dena Michaelson, of Washington Hospital Center, the largest nonprofit hospital
in the District, said the hospital's $ 185,000 annual dues to the District of
Columbia Hospital Association buys it a unified voice on hospital issues.

"It's the single voice that gives us the opportunity to comment on legislation
or regulations that affect all our patients," Michaelson said.

Levin, of Yale's medical school, said the membership dues are not "wholly
wasted," but questioned how much of the money actually helps patient services.

"If they want us to believe $ 185,000 on membership is worth it, I want to know
how that benefits the patients," Levin said. "Hospitals have not accounted for
that benefit. It raises a serious question of accountability to the public."

Spokesmen for several hospitals said it is impossible to calculate any financial
benefit that patients get when their hospital is a member of an association. But
specialists say the cost to patients is minuscule. Everett Devaney,
administrator at Fairfax Hospital, estimated that membership in the Virginia
association costs each patient admitted to his hospital about 50 cents.

"There is no fat," said Campbell Thomson, director of communications for the
Federation of American Health Systems.



LOAD-DATE: November 30, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: CHART, HOSPITAL ASSOCIATION DUES, TWP

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              684 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 13, 1994, Monday, Final Edition

Judge Takes Firm to Task Over Conflicts of Interest

Saundra Torry, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE F7; LAWYERS

LENGTH: 1345 words


A Fairfax County judge last week hit prominent D.C. lawyer Deanne Siemer and her
firm, Pillsbury Madison & Sutro, with a $ 500,000 legal malpractice judgment,
finding that Pillsbury lawyers violated conflict-of-interest rules by siding
against their own client, a lobbying firm.

In a harshly worded opinion, Circuit Court Judge Jane Roush asserted that Siemer
"willfully ignored" the D.C. Rules of Professional Conduct for lawyers, and that
the law firm shared the blame for failing to heed the warnings of junior
associates that the "dual representation ... was rife with conflicts of
interest."

According to trial testimony, when internal tensions erupted at the lobbying
firm of Murphy & Demory (a District firm that is incorporated in Virginia),
Pillsbury lawyers assisted one partner, retired Adm. Daniel Murphy, in his plans
to take control of the small corporation or divert its clients to a new firm,
leaving Murphy & Demory to "wither." At the time, Pillsbury lawyers represented
Murphy & Demory as a corporation, the judge ruled, and owed their allegiance to
the entire firm, rather than to any individual officer.

The ruling came in a lawsuit filed by the lobbying firm and Willard L. Demory,
the partner left behind when Murphy resigned to start a competing lobbying firm.
In the midst of the feud between Demory and Murphy, Demory fired Pillsbury and
hired John Dowd, of Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld. Demory's lobbying firm
later sued Murphy for breach of contract and Pillsbury for malpractice. The
judge also awarded Demory's firm $ 1 million on his claims against Murphy.

How did an elite law firm like Pillsbury miss "such a plain vanilla problem?"
wondered legal ethics expert Stephen Gillers of New York University. When told
of the case, Gillers said the conflict was "obvious, not an elusive,
cutting-edge issue."

In the trial last April, Pillsbury -- a huge San Francisco-based firm with an
office in Washington -- was betrayed by its own internal documents.

In a July 1992 computer e-mail message, Siemer asked associate Frazer Fiveash to
research whether it was "feasible for Dan [Murphy] to set up a new corporation
and divert new business to [it] ... while allowing the old corporation to
wither... ." The message was used as a trial exhibit by the Akin, Gump legal
team, which included Larry Tanenbaum, Joseph Esposito and Lucy Pliskin.

At some points during the 1992 dispute, Pillsbury billed Murphy & Demory for the
work it had done at Murphy's behest -- work that Demory knew nothing about.

For instance, Pillsbury sent Murphy & Demory a $ 662 bill for researching
Murphy's options, including forcing the company to dissolve. The bill, signed by
Siemer, said the work had been on "corporate matters." Siemer, according to
court records, later billed the company, at $ 305 an hour, for some of her time,
too.

Siemer had known Murphy since her days as counsel to the Defense Department in
the late 1970s, and had done work for him personally and for the company. Murphy
told her in the summer of 1992 that he was dissatisfied with Demory -- each
owned half the company -- and asked her about his options. The issues that
ultimately landed Pillsbury in court came to a head that August and September.

According to the ruling, Pillsbury lawyers assisted Murphy in plans to leave the
firm, take staff and clients with him and ultimately sue Murphy & Demory -- a
company that had been Pillsbury's client. The suit was later withdrawn.

According to Roush, Pillsbury lawyers also attended meetings with Demory and
other staff and then used "confidential information" they gathered to benefit
Murphy.

During the 1992 summer Pillsbury's Keith Mendelson, then a senior counsel on the
verge of partnership, raised his ethics concerns with Siemer and another
partner. Roush found that Mendelson -- who was named as a defendant along with
Siemer and the law firm -- also committed malpractice.

"Although I'm not unsympathetic to Mr. Mendelson's difficult position" in 1992,
the judge said, he "was senior enough that he should have put a stop to the
undisclosed dual representation... ."

Siemer, with Pillsbury since 1990 and a onetime partner at Wilmer, Cutler &
Pickering, also was haunted at trial by her own ethics expertise. She has
written a book, "Understanding Modern Ethical Standards," for the National
Institute on Trial Advocacy, a nonprofit group that teaches young lawyers how to
try cases. Known nationally as a fierce litigator, Siemer is now the institute's
chair-elect.

This was not Siemer's first brush with ethical problems. In 1980, she resigned
as a top Energy Department aide after an internal investigation concluded that
her efforts to get the Energy Department to hire her stepson "appear to violate
the federal laws against nepotism."

Siemer did not return a reporter's call last week. The firm's outside counsel,
and Terry Calvani, Pillsbury's D.C. managing partner, declined to comment.

At the trial, Pillsbury's lawyers argued that there was no conflict because both
clients -- Murphy and the corporation -- had the same interest: ensuring that
Murphy had accurate information about his options. They argued that Murphy asked
the Pillsbury lawyers for that information, and that's what the lawyers gave
him. Even if there were a conflict, Pillsbury is not liable because its actions
did not damage Murphy & Demory, they argued.

Siemer testified that she wrestled with the issue of conflict, talking it over
with Mendelson and two other Pillsbury lawyers.

"We thought it was really quite clear there was not a conflict," she testified,
adding later, "I made the call. I was very careful, and I think I was right."

In her ruling, the judge said she found Siemer's testimony "to lack
credibility." Roush also said she was "disturbed" that the associates who raised
ethical questions were repeatedly sent back to Siemer. The firm's internal
mechanisms for resolving ethical problems "are seriously deficient," the judge
found.

Indeed, the more junior lawyers did flag the problem at Pillsbury early on. One
associate raised questions in her reply to Siemer's first e-mail message.
Another testified in depositions that she talked with Siemer, Mendelson and two
other partners about her concerns.

Gillers said that is unfortunately typical of malpractice cases. Many firms
don't have a designated partner with the "institutional independence that a real
ethics police officer needs." Problems, Gillers said, are "handled haphazardly.
It depends on the firm. It depends on luck, and the willingness of the partner
in charge to get advice."


Secrets Supreme

In a rare appearance together off the bench, four Supreme Court justices,
including Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist, talked, kibitzed and even revealed
a few inside tidbits to a rapt audience of D.C. lawyers and judges at the annual
D.C. Circuit conference in Baltimore last week.

It was a homecoming of sorts for three justices -- Antonin Scalia, Clarence
Thomas and Ruth Bader Ginsburg -- all of whom hail from D.C's federal appeals
bench, or as Chief Judge Abner Mikva put it, "the Triple A club for the Show."

Thomas admitted that he "tended to like" the bankruptcy and tax cases that are
served up regularly on the plate of the most junior justice, a spot he held for
nearly two years. But it's tough to vote last, as the most junior justice does,
he said, noting that by then "eight others have spoken" and there's not much
interest in a ninth opinion.

"Not when they're divided 4-4," interjected Ginsburg, who now holds the junior
spot. Ginsburg also said that writing for the Supreme Court is "more daunting"
than for the appeals court, where a judge needs to garner only one other vote to
carry a three-judge panel.

Satisfying four justices, Ginsburg said, can entail putting in a justice's
comments that might "not be helpful." She quoted legendary Chief Justice Charles
Evans Hughes, who suggested that the justice needing a vote put such comments
in, then "Let the law reviews figure out what it means."



LOAD-DATE: June 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, DEANNE SIEMER (1977 PHOTO)

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              685 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   Gulf Times

                          December 12, 2012 Wednesday

Retired judge will head Walmart probe: Nath

LENGTH: 638  words


Agencie New Delhi / The government yesterday announced an inquiry into lobbying
practices by Walmart Stores Inc after a report that the giant retailer had
pressed US lawmakers to help gain access to foreign markets. Walmart disclosed
in a report to the US Senate that it had paid $25mn over four years to lobby
American lawmakers to help gain access to overseas markets, including India. The
report spurred opposition lawmakers, who oppose Walmart's entry into India, to
call for an inquiry into whether any money was spent in India, even though the
disclosure filing only referred to lobbying activities in the US. Parliamentary
Affairs Minister Kamal Nath said a retired judge would be appointed to lead an
investigation "pertaining to Walmart's lobbying."

No further details were available about the inquiry. Government officials have
said privately there is nothing to investigate since Walmart's lobbying
activities in the US were not illegal. Walmart has said allegations that a
routine US lobbying disclosure form reflects improper conduct on their part in
India is false. "This disclosure has nothing to do with political or
governmental contacts with India government officials," said a Bharti Walmart
spokesperson. "It shows that our business interest in India was discussed with
US government officials along with 50 or more other topics during a three-month
period." All organisations which expend more than $11,500 annually on lobbying
activities and employ at least one lobbyist must register and file the quarterly
reports, the spokesperson added. The firm said it had discussed its "business
interest in India" with the "US government officials - along with 50 or more
other topics during a three month period." US ambassador to India Nancy Powell
also defended the retail giant, saying Walmart had incurred the lobbying expense
in the US and not in India. Indian Express "What has happened is accusations
that this money was bribery. What it is, is lobbying. In the US, those are two
very separate things," Powell was quoted as saying in the newspaper. India's
opposition, led by the Bharatiya Janata Party, has pounced on Walmart's
disclosure report to stall parliamentary proceedings and embarrass Prime
Minister Manmohan Singh's Congress-led government. Opposition parties assert
that the arrival of chains such as Walmart or Britain's Tesco will drive
millions of small independent shops out of business. The decision by the
government to allow 51% foreign direct investment (FDI) was approved by the Lok
Sabha (lower house) on December 5 and the Rajya Sabha (upper house) on December
7. Bentonville, Arkansas-based Walmart has been the most active among foreign
supermarket operators keen to push their way into India's $450bn retail market.
In New York, Walmart Chief Executive Officer Mike Duke said he will be "patient"
and is confident that things will work out in India for the company. "I still
believe that in India things will work out. I am confident that (India) is a
country that has such an opportunity to help both the farmers, those that are
producing products for consumers all the way through the supply chain to the
consumer," Duke said at a Council on Foreign Relations event organised in New
York on Tuesday. He was responding to a question on how India fits into the
international priority markets for Walmart given the country's mixed response to
opening of its retail sector. The Walmart chief said having travelled to India a
number of times, he "really feels for the people of India because the people of
India are missing on the opportunity right now because of the inefficiencies of
the supply chain and so many of the challenges. "But I am patient and I believe
that overtime the process will get work out in India. That we can help people
live a better life in India also," he added.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 183


                      Copyright 2012 Gulf Times Newspaper
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Russian Business Monitor (Russia)

                            November 2, 2009 Monday

GOVERNMENT RELATIONS CONFERENCE HELD IN MOSCOW

SECTION: EX-OFFICIO; No. 116

LENGTH: 524 words


The first conference of government relations (GR) specialists ever held in
Russia took place in Moscow on October 29. These specialists, who lobby the
Russian government on behalf of Russian and foreign companies, gathered to share
their secrets and discuss common problems. According to the lobbyists, the
civilized dialogue with governments that prevails in the USA and Europe is still
absent in Russia, where shadow lobbying based on personal connections
flourishes.

As yet it's impossible to estimate the GR industry's scale in Russia: neither
the number of lobbyists nor problem-solving prices are measurable by statistics.
Conference participants said, however, that the GR industry's turnover in Russia
seems to be no less than turnover in the USA. The federal lobbying industry in
America was estimated to be worth $3.4 billion in 2008; and counting associated
sectors like consulting and PR would double that figure, according to American
League of Lobbyists President David Wenhold. Alexander Borisov, general director
of the Moscow Business Association, maintains that the market for GR services
has grown by at least 10% in the crisis year of 2009 - because "the state's role
in solving business problems has grown substantially."

The difference between Russia and the West is that lobbyists operate legally in
the West, within the framework of registered professional organizations. But
Russia's lobbying legislation has never been passed, despite being submitted to
the State Duma several times, in various versions.

Vicente Barrientos, director of Instituto Iberoamericano, says that lobbying for
business interests in Russia is generally confined to a small circle, and the
logic behind decision-making remains unknown to the general public. Barrientos
has spent a number of years lobbying for Brazilian companies in Russia. He says:
"Shadow lobbying flourishes in your country. Many businesspeople resort to going
into politics themselves. According to Forbes magazine, Russia has the world's
richest parliament. Nine members of your Senate are dollar billionaires, and
three members of the State Duma."

Although some businesspeople in the USA also become senators, says Barrientos,
there is a difference: "In Russia, the parliament doesn't have any substantial
influence on state policy-making. Consequently, businesspeople become members of
parliament in order to achieve individual objectives, not corporate objectives."

Speakers from the Russian GR industry didn't argue with that view. Garegin
Tosunian, president of the Association of Russian Banks, said that the
authorities engage in open dialogue with business only when Russia faces the
threat of upheavals: "When there is a threat of instability, the authorities
turn receptive. But when we talk of long-term development, they don't listen.
State officials realize that their time in power is limited." Moreover,
according to Tosunian, there is still an oligarchic mindset in Russia: the
authorities assemble a few big business tycoons, consult with them, and then
announce decisions to the rest of the country.

Source: RBC Daily, October 30, 2009

Translated by InterContact

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ORIGINAL-LANGUAGE: RUSSIA; RUSSIAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2009 Agency WPS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            February 8, 2011 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Special-interest spending surges;
Utilities, Google, for-profit colleges boost lobbying efforts in attempts to
counter pending regulations

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 837 words


WASHINGTON

Industries ranging from for-profit colleges and electric utilities to some
high-tech companies are spending record sums on lobbying to combat federal
efforts to tighten regulations of their practices.

The Association of Private Sector Colleges and Universities (APSCU), for
instance, spent $440,000 on lobbying during the last three months of 2010, more
than twice the amount it spent during all of 2009. It is fighting proposed
regulations that would stop sending federal aid to these colleges if too many of
their students default on their loans or don't earn enough money to repay them,
new lobbying reports show.

At the same time, the association dramatically increased its campaign giving,
putting thousands into the coffers of lawmakers who have oversight of their
industry.

"This is a fundamental, existential threat to schools, programs and
opportunities for students," Harris Miller, the association's president, said of
the Obama administration's proposed rules, which would also attempt to end
misleading recruitment and other practices. Most of the rules go into effect
July 1; those linking colleges' federal aid to their graduates' income and
loan-default rates are scheduled to take effect in 2012.

'Everything ... on the table'

The escalated spending comes as total federal lobbying dipped to roughly $3.5
billion last year, according to an initial tally by CQ MoneyLine, which analyzes
lobbying. The drop, from more than $3.6 billion in 2009 amid the intense debate
on the health care law, marks the first time in nearly a decade that spending on
lobbying has not increased.

Even so, some industries significantly stepped up their efforts to influence
Washington policy as the Obama administration and Congress have proposed new
rules that affect them:

*Electric utilities, for instance, spent nearly $134.8 million on lobbying last
year, a nearly 50% jump over 2009 levels, according to CQ MoneyLine's totals.
The surge came as Congress weighed climate-change legislation and the
Environmental Protection Agency launched plans to regulate the emission of
greenhouse gases from power plants.

"It was a very busy year," said James Owen, a spokesman for the Edison Electric
Institute, a trade association for utilities. The institute's own lobbying hit
$13.1 million last year -- a nearly 25% increase over 2009. "Everything from
climate change to financial reform to federal tax policy and beyond was on the
table," Owen said.

*Search-engine giant Google, meanwhile, spent nearly $5.2 million on lobbying
last year, an increase of nearly 30% over 2009 levels as the government
considers forbidding companies from tracking consumers' activities across the
Internet.

Google spokesman Dan Martin said the company's lobbying activity has increased
as the Internet has "become a bigger part of our lives" and a "bigger part of
the debate here in Washington."

Internet giant Facebook spent more than $350,000 in lobbying last year, a nearly
70% leap over 2009, when the social-networking site began lobbying.

For-profit colleges have waged an all-out battle against the package of rules to
rein in the industry, which has seen enrollment soar to more than 2.2 million
students in 2009 from nearly 673,000 in 2000.

The colleges, which range from universities offering four-year bachelor's
degrees online to schools offering certificates in auto repair, account for
nearly 11% of higher-education enrollment, but 43% of student-loan defaults,
according to the Department of Education.

"Too many students are graduating from these programs with unsustainable debt
and degrees or certificates they cannot use," said Justin Hamilton, a department
spokesman.

Miller said it is unfair to compare for-profits to other colleges with fewer
low-income and non-traditional students.

Friends of for-profit colleges

APSCU's political action committee pumped more than $350,000 during last year's
election into the coffers of national parties and congressional candidates.
That's more than three times what the association's PAC donated to candidates
and parties during the previous midterm election for Congress in 2006.

"It is a way of helping show members who support our students that we support
them," Miller said.

Among the recipients: Rep. John Kline, R-Minn., chairman of the House education
panel and an opponent of the Obama administration's proposed rules. The PAC gave
$15,000 to Kline's fundraising committees in the 2010 election. Democratic
lawmakers, including some members of the Congressional Black Caucus, also have
opposed the rules.

Kline and nine other House members last year wrote to Education Secretary Arne
Duncan objecting to many of the new rules.

Kline spokesman Brian Newell said campaign contributions have no bearing on the
congressman's actions.

"My boss has been a longtime proponent of student choice," he said.

The proposed regulations will drive for-profit colleges out of business, Newell
said, when "there's a need in our country to have young adults more equipped and
able to compete in our workforce."

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Janet Loehrke, USA TODAY, Source: CQ Moneyline (Bar
graph)
PHOTO, B/W, Karen Bleier, AFP/Getty Images
PHOTO, B/W, AP
PHOTO, B/W, Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            January 4, 2005 Tuesday

OK's laws of lobbying

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 573 words


While the public has an image of lobbyists - mostly well-healed wheeler-dealers
in expensive suits who buy votes - state law has to nail the definition down
beyond a simple impression.

According to materials put out by the state Ethics Commission, state law defines
a lobbyist as an individual employed or retained by another person for the
purpose of lobbying.

Anyone who fits that description is required to register with the state as a
lobbyist. However, an individual whose lobbying activities are only "incidental"
to other services provided does not have to register as a lobbyist.

The commission defines lobbying as communicating with a member of the
Legislature, the governor or his employees, Corporation Commission officials and
any member or employee of the judiciary, to convey the views of an employer when
the communication deals with any aspect of legislation, state rules and
regulations, or executive orders.

Lobbyists are required to register with the Oklahoma Ethics Commission during
January of every odd-numbered year or within five days after engaging in
lobbying on behalf of an employer if the lobbyist was not employed for that task
in January of an odd-numbered year.

When they register, lobbyists are required to submit their name, business
address and telephone number; the name and address of each person or group who
employs the lobbyist; and the date of registration.

Registration of lobbyists expires on Dec. 31 of each year and a supplemental
registration is required within 20 days after the date of any change in
registration information.

If a person ceases to lobby, he or she must file a written, verified statement
with the Ethics Commission.

All registrations are public records and available for public inspection.

State regulations also require lobbyists to report "a thing of value" given to
state officers or employees if the gift or gifts exceed $50 value in any
six-month period. Lobbyists are not allowed to give a gift or gifts valued at
more than $300 combined annually to any state officer or state employee.

Lobbyists are required to report the name and position of any person given a
thing of value, the date the gift was provided, the nature of the gift, the
value of the gift, and the name of the individuals or group represented by the
lobbyist providing a gift.

However, watchdog groups say Oklahoma's ethics laws should demand much more
transparency from lobbyists and legislators.

For example, a report by The Center for Public Integrity ranked Oklahoma 42nd in
the nation for its lobby disclosure laws.

According to The Center for Public Integrity report, Oklahoma is one of 31
states that do not require lobbyists to report their compensation or salaries.
Oklahoma is also one of 22 states that do not require lobbyists to report
whether their work for an employer is a contract or salary position, or even if
the work is compensated.

In addition, Oklahoma is one of only 18 states that do not require lobbyists to
provide summaries of spending classified by category types (such as gifts,
entertainment and postage).

Furthermore, Oklahoma does not require lobbyists to disclose direct business
associations with public officials, candidates or members of their households.
And Oklahoma is one of only 21 states that allow lobbyists to give campaign
contributions during the legislative session without reporting those
contributions during session.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              689 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 22, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Coalition Seeks Curb On Local Lobbying

BYLINE: By KATE STONE LOMBARDI

SECTION: Section 13WC;  Page 4;  Column 5;  Westchester Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 522 words


A COALITION of groups that advocate open government has called on County
Legislators to regulate lobbyists at the local level.

In a report, "All Politics Are Local," representatives from the League of Women
Voters, Common Cause and the New York Public Interest Research Group caution
that at a time when more decisions are being made locally and money is being
funneled to the local level, there is a growing need to keep track of who is
lobbying County Legislators and how much money they are spending.

"As more power is passed down to the localities, we expect high-powered
lobbyists will turn their attention to the county legislature," said Julie
Carlson, project coordinator at the Purchase College Public Interest Research
Group. "Localities are not equipped to deal with special-interest lobbying.
Without proper regulations we can expect local citizens' voices to be drowned
out in a din of special-interest money."

Westchester now has no disclosure requirements for lobbyists. Such regulations,
however, exist on Federal and state levels. In the state, lobbyists are required
to disclose for whom they lobby, on which issue they are lobbying, how much
money they spend and which legislators they approach. At present only two
localities in the state -- New York City and Suffolk County -- regulate
lobbyists.

Groups that monitor government fear that as counties receive block grants and
become more influential in areas like regulating the sale and use of tobacco
products, making zoning decisions for huge shopping malls and privatizing
multimillion-dollar services, lobbyists will begin to wine and dine local
politicians in a way that has not been seen before in the county.

Westchester currently has a $1.6 billion budget. Gov. George E. Pataki's recent
welfare proposal would turn over control of state Medicaid financing to county
lawmakers -- moving vast amounts of money to the care of local legislators.

The proposal to regulate lobbyists, put forth by the coalition, which calls
itself the Take Back Democracy Project, is the third initiative to control the
influence of special-interest money in the county. County Executive Andrew P.
O'Rourke recently established the Commission on Campaign Finance Reform, and the
Board of Legislators is redrafting the county's ethics code.

"This is the missing third piece," said Jo Brill, first vice president of the
League of Women Voters of Westchester. "Appropriate lobby laws would complement
the work our representatives have begun on campaign finance reform and ethics
codes."

Initial reactions to the proposal from County Legislators have been positive. "I
would look favorably on this type of action," said Thomas J. Abinanti, Democrat
of Greenburgh and chairman of the Board's Legislation Committee. "We need to be
sure that special-interest groups are not determining how the county legislature
spends money. The county is seen as an invisible government, but huge amounts of
money go through the county each year that people don't know about. We need to
regulate it, but the first step is knowing who's spending it."   KATE STONE
LOMBARDI

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              690 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             August 25, 2006 Friday

Spitzer Took Rides on Private Plane of Gambling Figure

BYLINE: JACOB GERSHMAN -, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 818 words


Republican candidate for governor, John Faso, says his Democratic opponent,
Eliot Spitzer, violated state lobbying rules by underpaying for flights on a
private jet belonging to a casino developer who is part of a group bidding on
the state racing franchise.

On May 24 and 25, Mr. Spitzer and a campaign staffer used a private jet owned by
the developer, Richard Fields, to shuttle between fund-raisers in Phoenix,
Tucson, Ariz., and Cincinnati. The campaign reimbursed Mr. Fields a total of
$4,300 for three flights.

Mr. Faso is contending that Mr. Spitzer underreported the cost of the flights by
tens of thousands of dollars and is asking the state lobbying commission to
investigate the matter. The Faso campaign is accusing Mr. Spitzer of underpaying
for the flights by $37,678.

In a statement, Mr. Faso said, "Mr. Spitzer has basically accepted and not
reported a donation of as much as $38,000 from somebody who is currently
lobbying to allow an out-of-state Indian tribe to build more casinos in New
York. This is the perfect example of how Eliot Spitzer holds others to higher
standards than he holds himself."

In New York, rules governing how much lobbyists are required to charge public
officials essentially follow the guidelines governing federal lawmakers, who are
allowed to reimburse lobbyists for chartered flights at the cheapest available
first-class commercial rates. New York lobbyists may charge the commercial fare
as long as the flight originates at an airport where first-class flights are
available, according to the executive director of the state lobbying commission,
David Grandeau. If such first-class flights are not available, then the
reimbursement rate is the price for an equivalent flight on a chartered jet.

Spitzer campaign officials say the $4,300 reimbursement is what it estimated as
the cost of two tickets on three first-class flights from Phoenix to Tucson,
Tucson to Cincinnati, and Cincinnati to New York City. Mr. Spitzer flew on a
commercial airline to Phoenix, a spokeswoman for the Spitzer campaign, Christine
Anderson, said. She did not know which airports Mr. Spitzer flew out of.

"We're following federal law," Ms. Anderson said."The Spitzer campaign hasn't
done anything wrong."

US Airways yesterday was charging a range of $5,686 to $8,360 for two tickets on
first-class flights from Phoenix to Tucson to Cincinnati on Wednesday evening
and a flight from Cincinnati to New York on Thursday evening, according to a US
Airways agent reached by telephone. Ms. Anderson said tickets purchased further
in advance would be cheaper than the price cited by the US Airways agent.

In February, the lobbying commission ruled that Mr. Spitzer's lieutenant
governor running-mate, David Paterson, a state senator from Harlem, underpaid
for a ride on Mr. Fields's jet from an airport in Westchester to Albany, a route
where first-class flights are not available.

Mr. Paterson paid Mr. Fields $176 for the flight, but the commission found that
he should have paid Mr. Fields $4,500. Mr. Fields paid a $9,000 fine and
admitted to no wrongdoing.

The annual limit on lobbyist gifts to public officials in New York is $75.

The federal reimbursement rate for trips on private jets has come under scrutiny
in the aftermath of the Jack Abramoff lobbying scandal. In January, Senator
Obama of Illinois announced that he would stop taking advantage of the cheaper
fare offered to lawmakers, telling the New York Times in March, "This is an
example where appearances matter. Very few of my constituents have a chance to
travel on a corporate jet."

Earlier this month, Mr. Fields, a former aide to Donald Trump and the chairman
of Coastal Development, became a member of Excelsior Racing Associates, one of
more than a dozen groups to have placed bids to run racing at Aqueduct, Belmont
Park, and Saratoga. The state Legislature and whoever is elected governor in
November are expected to pick a winner next year.The New York Racing Association
currently has the franchise, which expires at the end of next year.

An adviser to the state Democratic Party and Senator Clinton, Howard Wolfson,
serves as a spokesman for Mr. Fields. "Richard supports Eliot Spitzer for
governor for the same reason a majority of New Yorkers do: He is going to be the
next governor of the state," Mr. Wolfson said, the Associated Press reported.

The owner of the franchise will collect a percentage of the billions of dollars
in bets placed at the tracks, as well as a percentage of revenue from video
lottery terminals.

The Daily News last month reported that Mr. Fields hosted a fundraiser for Mr.
Spitzer on July 18 at the developer's home in Jackson Hole, Wyo. His companies
donated $200,000 to the campaign before the event, the Daily News reported.

The Spitzer campaign, which had on hand more than $14 million as of July 15, has
accepted thousands of dollars from contributors involved with other franchise
bidders.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              691 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              May 6, 2006 Saturday
                                  All Editions

HOW THEY VOTED: MAINE'S CONGRESSIONAL DELEGATION, APRIL 28 TO MAY 4, 2006;
Lobbying changes, hurricane recovery funds in spotlight

SECTION: Pg. A4

LENGTH: 1009 words


House votes

Democratic Reps. Michael Michaud and Tom Allen

VOTE 1: Refinery Permit Process Schedule Act, H.R. 5254: The House, on May 3,
failed to pass a bill, sponsored by Rep. Charles Bass, R-N.H., considered under
a suspension of the rules (requiring a two-thirds majority to clear) that would
have established a coordinator to oversee all levels of governmental permitting
for new refinery siting. Proponents argued that the bill would speed up and
encourage construction of new refineries. Opponents argued that it would repeal
the streamlining process outlined in last year's federal energy bill and slow
the process with a new level of bureaucracy that would compel states to act on a
federal schedule. The vote was 237 yeas to 188 nays (with a two-thirds required
to pass).

NAYS: Michaud, Allen

VOTE 2: Civil vs. Criminal Penalties for Lobbying Violations: The House, on May
3, rejected an amendment sponsored by Rep. Louie Gohmert, R-Texas, to the
Lobbying Accountability and Transparency Act, H.R. 4975, that would have removed
criminal penalties for lobbyists who do not file properly and set fines instead.
Proponents argued that an innocent failure to file should not be criminalized.
Opponents argued that the amendment struck provisions that would jail lobbyists
who knowingly lied about contact with members of Congress. The vote was 108 yeas
to 320 nays.

NAYS: Michaud, Allen

VOTE 3: Lobbying Accountability and Transparency Act, H.R. 4975: The House, on
May 3, passed a bill sponsored by Rep. David Dreier, R-Calif., that requires
more frequent reports from lobbyists and limits sponsored member travel.
Lobbyists violating disclosure rules face stiffer fines and possible criminal
prosecution. Proponents argued the bill, a bipartisan effort, was a significant
step toward reform. Opponents argued the bill was a face-saving measure that
lacked the teeth of a real reform bill. The vote was 217 yeas to 213 nays.

NAYS: Michaud, Allen

VOTE 4: Security and Accountability for Every Port Act, H.R. 4954: The House, on
May 4, passed a bill sponsored by Rep. Rep. Dan Lungren, R-Calif., that provides
$7.4 billion for port security, requires the Department of Homeland Security to
put radiological detection devices at 22 ports by the end of next year, adds
1,200 inspectors and upgrades port worker identification cards. Proponents said
the bill was a bipartisan effort that takes a layered approach to port security.
While no one spoke in opposition to the bill, several members indicated the bill
did not have sufficient safeguards. The vote was 421 yeas to 2 nays.

YEAS: Michaud, Allen


Senate votes

Republican Sens. Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins

VOTE 1: Sugarcane Growers Benefits Earmark: The Senate, on May 2, rejected an
amendment sponsored by Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., to the Emergency Supplemental
Appropriations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror, and Hurricane
Recovery, H.R. 4939, that would have stripped $6 million in aid slated for
sugarcane growers in Hawaii. Proponents argued that Hawaii was not anywhere near
the hurricanes covered by the emergency spending bill and that the Agriculture
Department has loan programs available to help out in times of disaster.
Opponents said the aid was necessary to repair extensive weather-related damage
to two sugar companies, Gay and Robinson, and Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar,
caused by 40 days and 40 nights of rain. The vote was 40 yeas to 59 nays.

YEAS: Snowe, Collins

VOTE 2: Requiring Competitive Bids: The Senate, on May 3, unanimously accepted
an amendment sponsored by Sen. Barack Obama, D-Ill., that made all federal
contracts for Hurricane-Katrina relief in excess on $500,000 subject to
competitive bidding. The vote was 98 yeas to 0 nays.

YEAS: Snowe, Collins

VOTE 3: Protection for First Responders During Pandemic: The Senate, on May 3,
accepted an amendment sponsored by Sen. Edward Kennedy, D-Mass., to the
Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror,
and Hurricane Recovery, H.R. 4939, that provides $289 million for compensation
to first responders who become ill as a result of taking experimental vaccines
to combat the potential effects of an influenza pandemic. Proponents said some
volunteer first responders have been wary of taking certain vaccines because of
financial uncertainty if they become ill. The vote was 53 yeas to 46 nays.

YEAS: Snowe, Collins

VOTE 4: Veterans Medical Facilities: The Senate, on May 4, rejected an amendment
sponsored by Sen. John Thune, R-S.D., to the Emergency Supplemental
Appropriations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror, and Hurricane
Recovery, H.R. 4939, that would have switched $20 million to Veterans Medical
Centers from the AmeriCorps National Civilian Community Service Corps program.
Proponents said the money would allow the Veterans Administration to complete
its goal of establishing clinics by 2012 and that AmeriCorps was mismanaged.
Opponents argued that the funds were necessary to provide training and basic
living accommodations for volunteers in the storm-ravaged area. The vote was 39
yeas to 59 nays.

YEAS: Snowe, Collins

VOTE 5: Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act for Defense, the Global War on
Terror, and Hurricane Recovery, H.R. 4939: The Senate, on May 4, passed a bill
appropriating $109 billion for the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and for victims
of the Gulf Coast hurricanes last year. The bill include $10.5 billion more than
the president said he would sign. There is $65.7 billion earmarked for Operation
Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom, $28.9 billion for hurricane
relief, $3.9 billion for agricultural disaster aid; $2.6 billion for pandemic
influenza preparation, $2.5 billion for border and port security and $2.5
billion for Department of State and Foreign Operations. Proponents argued the
bill addresses the needs of the country. Opponents argued that the bill was
bloated with earmarks that increased the federal debt. The vote was 77 yeas to
21 nays.

YEAS: Snowe, Collins


Compiled by Targeted News Service for the Bangor Daily News

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                              692 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 23, 2005 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Fine Is Urged For Casino Over Discount Given to Silver

BYLINE: By AL BAKER

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 392 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Aug. 22


More than three years after a casino company gave Assembly Speaker Sheldon
Silver a discount rate at a luxury suite at one of its Las Vegas hotels, the
staff of the state lobbying commission is recommending that the company pay a
$25,000 fine, according to a staff memo.

In its proposed ''civil penalty settlement,'' the commission's staff is
proposing that the company, Caesars Entertainment, pay the fine for violating
the state's $75 limit on gifts from lobbyists in 2002, when it gave Mr. Silver
and his wife a V.I.P. suite at the Paris Las Vegas hotel for $109 a night for
two nights.

The steep discount was for a room that sometimes rented for four times that
amount, though it occasionally rented for less.

The discount was given to Mr. Silver in January 2002, three months after the
State Legislature and Gov. George E. Pataki approved a measure to permit six new
casinos run by Indian tribes in New York, an area Caesars has been trying to
break into for years.

The commission said it learned of Mr. Silver's discount stay during a routine
audit of Caesars. In September 2004, Mr. Silver testified on the matter before
the commission for more than three hours.

The new settlement was negotiated with Caesars and was first presented for
review by the six members of the Temporary Commission on Lobbying in June, which
is when Harrah's Entertainment acquired Caesars, said David Strow, a Harrah's
spokesman.

Mr. Strow declined to comment on the case.

The commission set aside the issue in June but is expected to discuss it at its
next meeting on Wednesday. The commission could put off the proposal again, pass
it and seek to impose the fine or defeat it.

Kris Thompson, a spokesman for the commission, declined to comment on the case
except to say, ''Given that there will be a meeting on Wednesday, it would be
inappropriate to discuss this matter at this time.''

Eileen Larrabee, a spokeswoman for Mr. Silver, pointed out that he was not
accused of any wrongdoing in the case.

The state's lobbying commission investigates only lobbyists, not elected
officials, and its investigation concerned whether Caesars violated the law by
offering a discounted hotel suite.

''When asked by the lobbying commission for information, the speaker was fully
cooperative,'' Ms. Larrabee said. ''It's between the lobbying commission and
Caesars.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              693 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                           October 10, 2002 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Religious leaders heat up anti-war lobbying efforts in Washington

BYLINE: By Siobhan McDonough Associated Press

SECTION: INSIDE FRONT; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 410 words


WASHINGTON - Religious leaders began another phase of an anti-war lobbying
effort on Capitol Hill Wednesday, urging Congress to explore peaceful
alternatives in its dealings with Iraq.

"I'm appalled by it all," said Frances Kane, 64, of Washington. "I can't believe
our country is seriously considering a pre-emptive strike without international
support."

Congress is preparing to vote on a resolution giving the president broad
authority to use military force to dismantle Saddam Hussein's weapons of mass
destruction. On Capital Hill, about 100 nuns, lay people and other Catholics
dropped off packets and held meetings with congressional staff, outlining their
anti-war stance.

Others held silent vigils outside Senate and House buildings.

"Violence isn't the answer to anything," said Sister Mary Ann Smith, of
Ossining, N.Y, on her way to the office of Rep. Sue Kelly, R-N.Y. "War is
morally and ethically wrong."

While Wednesday's events were sponsored by various Catholic groups, including
the lobbying group, NETWORK, Leadership Conference of Women Religious and Pax
Christi, the National Council of Churches - made up of 36-member denominations -
also planned events for this week.

The groups oppose resolutions to authorize the use of U.S. armed forces against
Iraq. Instead, they're urging the United States to cooperate with the United
Nations Security Council in returning weapons inspectors to Iraq.

"What kind of a democracy do we have when people are saying 'no war,' but
representatives are about to vote for a war resolution?" said Andrea Buffa,
community organizer for Global Exchange, a human rights group in San Francisco.
"Congress isn't listening so people are coming to Washington to make sure
they're heard."

Global Exchange, along with Peace Action in Washington, D.C., and American
Friends Service Committee in Philadelphia, held a protest Wednesday evening.

Chanting, "War on Iraq, we say no!" about 200 protesters held banners with
anti-war slogans and sounded off bells, drums and whistles outside Senate office
buildings.

"We don't need a war, we need the U.N. to take the lead, not the U.S.," said
Phyllis Bennis of the Washington-based Institute for Policy Studies. "We are not
better than the rest of the world. We don't have the right to say we're above
international law."

"I'm horrified our president would consider a pre-emptive strike as a way to
peace," said Sister Anne Marie Gardiner, 59, of Silver Spring, Md. "That's
outrageous.."

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: ASSOCIATED PRESS, Anti-war protesters (background) are about to
be arrested by U.S. Capitol Police after staging a sitdown to block vehicle
access to the Capitol on Wednesday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2002 The Durham Herald Co.


                              694 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             August 3, 2007 Friday
                              RACING FINAL EDITION

COURT RULING KEEPS HEAT ON BRUNO'S PAL

BYLINE: BY JOE MAHONEY DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 335 words


A STATE APPEALS court gave the green light yesterday for further investigation
of a horse-racing lobbyist who came under scrutiny for providing - what else - a
plane ride to Senate GOP Leader Joe Bruno.

Albany area businessman Jared Abbruzzese, a business associate of Bruno, was
ordered by the Appellate Division to cough up records that could be used in a
probe into suspected violations of the state lobbying law.

The midlevel appeals court ruled that the state Lobbying Commission had an
"adequate basis" to subpoena the records pertaining to a December 2005 flight
Bruno took from Schenectady to New York City in a plane owned by Abbruzzese, a
lobbyist who had ties to a group seeking the state thoroughbred racing
franchise.

The lobbying probe began before the current flap involving dirty tricks by aides
to Gov. Spitzer against Bruno over the use of state aircraft.

It involves a ride Bruno got on a plane owned by Abbruzzese in December 2005
after then-Gov. George Pataki decided he couldn't use the state helicopter that
day, officials said.Bruno has defended his involvement with Abbruzzese and paid
for the flight out of his campaign fund.

Bruno's business dealings with Abbruzzese - whose wife purchased land from a
real estate partnership involving the senator - and Bruno's involvement in
steering $500,000 in state grants to a technology firm tied to Abbruzzese - have
been the subject of an ongoing FBI investigation.

The Senate Republican leader runs a consulting business from his house in
Rensselaer County. State Lobbying Commission Executive Director David Grandeau
said Abbruzzese, who started a group called Friends of New York Racing, used
legal maneuvers to try to stall the investigation until the lobbying commission
is dismantled.

Grandeau said he will no longer have a job come Sept. 21 when his agency is
blended into a new public integrity commission.

"The guys in the black hats always want to wait until the guys in the white hats
aren't there any more," he said.

jmahoney@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                              695 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           November 2, 2006 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

RENDELL SIGNS LOBBYING, SLOTS LAWS

BYLINE: TRACIE MAURIELLO, POST-GAZETTE HARRISBURG BUREAU

SECTION: STATE; Pg. B-4

LENGTH: 419 words

DATELINE: HARRISBURG


Lobbying and gaming legislation -- bills the General Assembly has wrangled about
all year -- are laws now.

Both received Gov. Ed Rendell's signature yesterday.

The new gaming law includes dozens of amendments, including one that prohibits
public officials from owning any stake in casino operations. The new law also
eliminates a requirement for suppliers, who were to act as middlemen between
slot-machine manufacturers and casinos.

The lobbying act, meanwhile, protects the legislative process from the undue
influence of lobbyists, the governor's office said.

"This is a good day for Pennsylvania," Mr. Rendell said yesterday. "I am signing
into law bills that reform two of the most highly visible public processes in
the state -- the deliberations of the Legislature and the licensing of gaming
facilities."

The legislation had been held up because of a clerical error during legislative
passage. As a result, senators had to return to work last Friday to vote on
corrected bills.

Legislators were eager to get the bills approved so they could tout them in
their re-election campaigns. Election Day is Tuesday.

That was evident to political challengers, including Republican gubernatorial
candidate Lynn Swann.

Mr. Rendell and legislators are desperately trying to look like reformers in the
last days before the election, Mr. Swann's campaign said yesterday.

In 2004, Mr. Rendell vetoed legislation that included some of the gaming reforms
signed into law yesterday.

Mr. Rendell has said he vetoed the '04 legislation because it didn't go far
enough.

The Swann camp also said the lobbyist reporting requirements are too lenient and
that the bill exempts receptions from reporting requirements.

"This glaring loophole will likely mean that dinners and other social gatherings
in the future will be deemed 'receptions' in order to circumvent reporting," Mr.
Swann's press office said in a statement released yesterday.

Mr. Rendell, meanwhile, said the new lobbying law is significant.

"Finally, Pennsylvania is no longer the only state without a bill requiring the
disclosure of lobbying activity on its books," he said.

Now, lobbyists must disclose when they spend more than $250 a year on a single
state official for entertainment, such as event tickets, meals or
transportation. They also must disclose spending on other hospitality that
totals more than $650 annually on any one legislator.

The law also prohibits lobbyists from entering contingency agreements, under
which they are paid based on whether legislation passes.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Tracie Mauriello can be reached at tmauriello@post-gazette.com or
717-787-2141.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Matt Rourke/Associated Press: With state Rep. Babette Josephs
D-Philadelphia, watching, Gov. Ed Rendell signs legislation on lobbying and
gaming yesterday in Philadelphia.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              696 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Journal of Commerce Online

                           August 26, 2009 Wednesday

Port of Long Beach Won't Join Trucking Regulatory Bid;
Port assures shippers as customer groups in Los Angeles decry lobbying efforts

BYLINE: BILL MONGELLUZZO

SECTION: MARITIME; Pg. WP

LENGTH: 527  words


Seeking to distance itself from ports that want to take over regulation of
harbor trucking, the Port of Long Beach notified shipper organizations this week
that it will not join the lobbying efforts.

The Long Beach letter to the Waterfront Coalition and other industry
organizations is the latest development in a controversial movement by port,
labor and environmental organizations to use port clean-air programs as a
vehicle for restructuring harbor trucking in the United States.

Two dozen groups, including shipper organizations such as the National Retail
Federation, the Consumer Electronics Association and the National Industrial
Transportation League, wrote to the Port of Los Angeles this week calling on the
port to halt its lobbying efforts "and instead work with its customers to
address the real issues that face the port today."

The ports of Los Angeles, Oakland and New York-New Jersey have sided with labor
and environmental groups that want Congress to amend federal law so that ports
will be exempted from the federal act that prohibits state and local entities
from regulating interstate commerce.

Labor groups, especially the Teamsters union, view the proposed amendment as a
way to open the door for unionization of the owner-operator truck drivers that
dominate harbor trucking in the United States.

The strategy would be similar to what the Port of Los Angeles attempted to do in
its clean-truck program. Los Angeles attempted to require that over the next
five years harbor trucking companies phase into their operations employee
drivers. Unions, by law, can not organize independent contractors but they are
free to attempt to organize companies with direct employees.

Los Angeles' employee driver mandate was struck down this spring by the U.S.
District Court in Los Angeles and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit
in San Francisco. The movement has now shifted to modify the federal preemption
statute so that ports have some limited regulatory authority over harbor
trucking.

The issue has stirred the port industry and attracted comments from industry
organizations representing importers, exporters and shipping lines. The
Waterfront Coalition and some two dozen other industry organizations on Monday
wrote a letter to the Port of Los Angeles that was critical of that port's
efforts to draw tighter limits on federal preemption.

Long Beach never included an employee-driver mandate in its clean-truck program
and wants to differentiate its clean-air efforts from those of its neighbor. In
an exchange of e-mails with the Pacific Merchant Shipping Association, which
represents ocean carriers, Long Beach stated it is working withcustomers to seek
solutions to the many competitive issues the industry faces.

"Although we remain committed to our clean-truck program, we want to reiterate
that our port is not participating in the current advocacy efforts in D.C.
seeking congressional amendment to the F4A or any other statute at this time,"
said Alex H. Cherin, managing director of trade relations and port operations in
Long Beach.

Contact Bill Mongelluzzo at <a
href="mailto:bmongelluzzo@joc.com"><u>bmongelluzzo@joc.com</u></a>.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: EDW


                   Copyright 2009 Commonwealth Business Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Wisconsin Law Journal (Milwaukee, WI)

                             March 18, 2014 Tuesday

Commentary: Shining a light on government transparency

BYLINE: Beverly Butula

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 250  words


It's Sunshine Week. As I mentioned in my March 17, 2011, post, the goal of
Sunshine week is to promote government transparency.

There are a variety of websites available when researching this type of
information. For example, earlier this year, the state of Wisconsin launched
OpenBook Wisconsin in Beta. The website shows "the payments made by state
agencies, the legislature, the courts and the University of Wisconsin System for
purchasing goods or services, travel and vendor payments. " More data will be
added in the future.

Many other states have similar open book-type websites, including New York,
Oklahoma, Illinois, Texas, Alabama, and Arizona. The United States provides
access to federal award data at USA Spending.

The Wisconsin Government Accountability Board's Eye on Lobbying offers
information on lobbying activities and a directory of licensed lobbyists.
Researchers can search by bill number or keyword to identify lobbying principals
with recorded interests on a bill. Occasionally, supporting documentation, such
as position letters or memos, are also available.

The Sunlight Foundation also provides an extensive array of tools to assist when
researching this type of information. And, for a summary of state laws regarding
elections, ethics, financial disclosure, and lobbyist regulation, check out the
National Conference of State Legislatures.

http://www.wislawjournal.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            April 19, 2012 Thursday

Union Dues Can't Be Used For Lobbying

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 209  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


TO THE EDITORS:

When the governor of Wisconsin attempted to decertify public employee unions,
Lancaster Newspapers allowed one of its uninformed columnists to describe how
union dues were used for political lobbying.

But it is illegal to use union dues for lobbying purposes.

AFSCME (American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees) has a
donation program (PAL), where money is voluntarily donated. These donations help
to level the playing field against the deep pockets of big business.

On Friday, March 30, a Lancaster Newspapers editor writes how the high cost of
union influence is dragging this country down.

Are you serious? What about the many layers of management in government and
education? Union workers' pensions pale in comparison to these six-figure
employees. The real unsustainable salary, benefit and pensions are in government
and education management.

To report the union dues are used for lobbying is not only incorrect, it is
irresponsible journalism. Just another attempt by big business to pit taxpayers
against the hardworking union workers who are also taxpayers.

I would hope that the editors of Lancaster Newspapers would be sure they have
the correct facts before printing the wrong information.

Dave Schober Jr.

Lancaster

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              699 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 8, 2007 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Universities get free pass on new House ethics rules;
Can bankroll lawmakers' trips

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 452 words


WASHINGTON -- New House ethics rules that restrict lobbyist-funded travel exempt
trips paid for by colleges and universities, a powerful lobbying force in
Washington.

Colleges, universities and other higher-education groups spent at least $75
million on federal lobbying efforts in 2005, and more than $900,000 on travel
for lawmakers since 2000, according to a USA TODAY analysis of travel and
lobbying reports compiled by non-partisan data-tracking firms.

Universities, which spent more on lobbying than hospitals and nursing homes in
2005, seek help on issues such as federal student aid, immigration restrictions
for foreign students and special grants.

The grants, known as earmarks, are often anonymously inserted into spending
bills by lawmakers. The Chronicle of Higher Education tallied more than $2
billion in earmarks to universities in 2003, the most recent count available.

David Williams of Citizens Against Government Waste said universities, like
corporations, "want as much money as possible, and (travel) is one way of
greasing the skids."

In January, the new House Democratic majority instituted travel rules that took
effect this month. A Senate bill that leaves open the door to university-funded
travel is not yet law.

Brendan Daly, spokesman for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., said lawmakers
wanted the exemption so they can deliver commencement speeches. The exemption,
however, allows for any travel funded by higher education.

Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Okla., an earmark critic, said many of the new ethics rules
make little sense. "I can do a $2 million earmark to a New York university, and
then they can give money through their friends to my campaign, but they can't
buy me a $20 dinner," he said, referring to a new ban on lobbyist-paid meals.

Recent travel included an overnight stay by Sen. Edward Kennedy, D-Mass., in
November at a villa in Florence, Italy, owned by New York University. NYU did
not pay for Kennedy's air travel, but it provided about $1,500 in car-service
fees.

Kennedy, who heads the Senate's education panel, spoke at an event marking the
40th anniversary of the Florence flood. NYU spokesman John Beckman said
Kennedy's trip was unrelated to the university's lobbying, which hit nearly $1
million in the past two years.

Seven lawmakers traveled to Seoul in November with a legislative exchange
program at George Washington University. Rep. F. James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis.,
took his wife. The price: $7,700. Sensenbrenner, taking his sixth Asian exchange
trip since 2000, values the "exchange of ideas," said his aide, Raj Bharwani.

Harvard University has spent the most on travel, nearly $334,000, since 2000.
Harvard's Kevin Casey said travel is " divorced" from lobbying.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             July 16, 2013 Tuesday

Minnesota lobbying expenditures down, state auditor finds

BYLINE: By Bill Salisbury bsalisbury@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; Minnesota-Twin Cities; State

LENGTH: 326 words


Minnesota cities, counties and other local governments spent less money last
year than a year earlier to lobby the Legislature and state administrative
agencies, State Auditor Rebecca Otto reported Wednesday.

Local governments spent a total of $7.8 million on lobbying activities in 2012,
according to an annual auditor's report. That's down 6 percent from the amount
they spent in 2011.

That drop is typical, Otto said in a news release.

"There is a traditional pattern of lobbying expenses being higher during the
longer legislative budget session (2011) and lower during the shorter bonding
session (2012)," she said.

"One interesting trend of note," she added, "is that between 2008 and 2012,
expenses for lobbying services by associations have been decreasing."

Last year, 81 local governments employed staff or hired contract lobbyists to
influence state policymakers, at a cost of $3.9 million, the audit found. That
was down 1.7 percent from 2011.

Local governments also paid $10.6 million in dues to associations, such as the
League of Minnesota Cities and the Association of Minnesota Counties, which
represented them before legislative or administrative bodies last year. Those
associations, in turn, spent $3.9 million on lobbyists and lobbying in 2012, a
9.9 percent decrease from the previous year.

Ten of the local government entities that hired contract lobbyists or employed
lobbying staff spent more than $100,000 on those services last year for a total
of $1.9 million. Those 10 governmental units accounted for nearly half the
amount paid directly for lobbying services. They appear below.

City of Minneapolis: $394,085

Metropolitan Sports Facilities Commission: $340,941

Hennepin County: $213,698

Metropolitan Airports Commission: $156,267

Western Minnesota Municipal Power Agency: $152,294

Ramsey County: $145,412

Minneapolis Park & Recreation Board: $138,000

City of St. Paul: $123,297

Anoka County: $121,166

Counties Transit Improvement Board: $103,720

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              701 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              March 5, 2006 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

Locals ride the gravy train;
Lobbyists help states, cities rope in big bucks

BYLINE: JULIA MALONE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 1035 words


Washington --- For many Americans, the term "lobbying" conjures up images of
expensively dressed lawyers walking the corridors of the U.S. Capitol on behalf
of big corporations, trade associations or perhaps casino-owning Indian tribes.

In fact, anyone who pays local or state taxes probably has a Washington lobbyist
working the halls of Congress on his or her behalf.

From West Palm Beach, Fla., to the West Coast, communities and states have
decided that having a congressional delegation is not enough. Increasingly, they
are hiring professional advocates to push for favorable policies and "earmarks"
that designate federal dollars for roads, sewers and schools.

More than 1,400 local governments spent $380 million to lobby in Washington in
the six-year span ending in 2004, a tally by the Center for Public Integrity
found.

State governments spent an additional $63 million on federal lobbying during
that same period, according to the private watchdog group, which based its
estimates on federal lobbying records.

Despite controversy over lobbying abuses and talk of curbing budget "earmarks,"
lobbyists are streaming into congressional offices this month for the start of
the annual appropriations process. Most bring wish lists from local officials
who prize their direct link to the federal government.

"I need someone up there pulling the coattails of our delegation day in and day
out, making sure DeKalb County does not get lost in the fray," said county Chief
Executive Officer Vernon Jones.

Hiring a federal lobbyist --- Patricia Daley --- was "one of the best
appointments that I ever made," Jones said. He credits Daley, who also lobbies
for communities in Illinois and Ohio, with corralling millions of federal
dollars for highway improvements, a senior citizens center and other projects
since 2002.

"She's underpaid" at $120,000 a year, Jones said.

School districts have also jumped into the federal lobbying competition. In Palm
Beach County, Fla., officials decided a few years back that their $1
billion-a-year school system needed a representative in Washington.

They chose former Florida Rep. Skip Bafalis, a Republican whose lobbying firm's
mission this year includes obtaining money to fund adult literacy programs,
provide mentoring for new teachers and pay for work readiness research.

Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport, claims major returns for its
stepped-up federal outreach, including hiring Patton Boggs, one of the biggest
lobbying firms on Washington's famed K Street corridor, to help with federal
appropriations.

The airport authority, which is now working on a $6 billion improvement program,
hired the firm to counter White House budget cuts, said spokeswoman Felicia
Browder.

As a sign of the lobbying success, she cited the recent announcement of a $26
million federal grant for a new airline taxiway to reduce delays.

The state and local lobbyists' march on Washington has not been in lockstep.
Georgia, for example, had for years followed the practice of most states by
sponsoring a Washington office. Former Gov. Zell Miller closed it and hired
private lobbyists, but a year ago, Gov. Sonny Perdue opened a two-person office
just a few blocks from the U.S. Capitol and hired Padgett "Pat" Wilson, a former
lobbyist at Greenberg Traurig, to look out for the state's interests.

Counties also have varied strategies in their federal outreach. In contrast to
DeKalb's outside lobbyist, who makes regular appearances in congressional
offices, Fulton County hired a former congressional staffer four years ago to
keep tabs on Washington.

Walter Vinson lives in Georgia and visits the capital about four times a year.
His shoestring budget doesn't allow for taking lawmakers to lunch.

Even so, the county has snagged federal earmarks, including $100,000 for the
district attorney's "cold case" division, $100,000 for county police and $1
million for a six-year program for road projects.

Fulton's approach is to keep in touch with the congressional district offices in
Georgia as well as those in Washington, said Diane Hutchins, director of
intergovernmental affairs for the county. That gives the lawmakers and their
staffs "a more complete view," she said.

The taxpayer-paid efforts have critics who say citizens are the losers in the
lobbying competition.

"What is happening here is that your state and local tax dollars are being used
to hire a lobbyist as a middleman to go after your federal tax dollars," said Ed
Frank, spokesman for Americans for Prosperity, a private group that favors
limited government.

The federal grants are alluring, Frank said. He blamed the budget earmarks that
have multiplied in the last decade.

"There is gold out there" on Capitol Hill, Frank said. "If you can convince a
member of Congress that your project is worth funding, the amount you spend for
a lobbyist can be pennies on the dollar."

As a result, public universities, localities and states have doubled their
lobbying expenditures between 1998 and 2003, he said.

Republicans, who had called for less government spending, set the stage for the
race for federal dollars after winning majority control of the House of
Representatives in 1994.

The House leadership, led by then-Speaker Newt Gingrich of Georgia, opened up
the appropriations process to allot a portion of a year's budget to each member
for local projects. Previously, the Appropriations Committee had jealously
guarded the power to allow earmarks.

Some lobbyists concede that the explosion of earmarks has led to excesses.

"It's gotten out of hand," said George Ramonas, whose firm, the Advocacy Group,
represents a substantial number of universities.

"The reason for lobbying is to educate," Ramonas said, adding that lobbyists
ideally help sift out the best projects for the members of Congress and act as a
guide for their clients through the intricacies of the federal budget process.

Now "it's gotten to be all about the money," he said. "Some of these projects
are horrible."

Paul A. Miller, who represents the American League of Lobbyists, predicted that
even if the federal budget is reduced, taxpayer-funded lobbying will continue to
grow. With fewer dollars available, "there's going to be more competition," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: DeKalb CEO Vernon Jones says he needs someone in Washington to
make sure the county "does not get lost in the fray."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              702 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            March 24, 2004 Wednesday

HEALTH LOBBY SETS RECORD FOR SPENDING

BYLINE: By WILLIAM F. HAMMOND JR., Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 473 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


Last year's campaign by hospitals and health-care workers to avoid cuts in
Medicaid funding set a new record for lobbying at the state Capitol, according
to an annual report from the Lobbying Commission released yesterday.

The Healthcare Education Project, jointly funded by the labor union 1199/SEIU
and the Greater New York Hospital Association, spent $11.1 million on a
successful effort to persuade state lawmakers to raise taxes rather than reduce
spending on health care, education, and other programs in the face of a massive
deficit.

The coalition broke its own record of $10.1 million set in 1999, when it
successfully lobbied to expand the Health Care Reform Act by hiking cigarette
taxes to fund more health coverage for the uninsured.

Yesterday's report confirms the status of 1199 President Dennis Rivera and
hospital association President Kenneth Raske as the biggest-spending power
brokers at Albany. Their lobbying expenditures last year were more than those of
the teachers' unions, the public employee unions, the Medical Society, and the
Trial Lawyers Association combined.

In addition to the joint campaign, the two groups spent another $1.3 million on
their separate lobbying activities - $972,000 by the hospital association, and
$382,000 by the union.

Those outlays helped drive the total spending on lobbying in New York State to
$120 million, up from $92 million the year before, the annual report said.

According to records filed with the Lobbying Commission, the Healthcare
Education Project spent almost its entire budget last year during March and
April.

As Governor Pataki and legislative leaders haggled over how to close a $12
billion deficit, the coalition poured money into TV and radio ads, direct mail,
telephone banks - all arguing that it would be better to raise taxes on the
wealthy and close corporate tax loopholes rather than reduce spending on health
care and education.

According to records filed with the Lobbying Commission, organizers of the rally
spent $1.5 million on buses, $44,000 to rent the Pepsi Arena, and $3,400 on
portable toilets, among other expenses.

In retrospect, the April 1 rally appeared to be a turning point. Within two
weeks, Senate Republicans and Assembly Democrats broke off negotiations with the
governor, agreed to increase sales taxes and income taxes on people making more
than $100,000 a year, and went on to override 120 of Mr. Pataki's vetoes.

The lawmakers' budget undid most of Mr. Pataki's cuts in spending on public
schools, and allowed the Medicaid budget to grow about 7.2%, to almost $42
billion, instead of the 3.5% growth proposed by the governor.

"Last year's effort proved to be a resounding success for the health-care needs
of all New Yorkers," said the executive director of the 1199/SEIU New York State
council, Jennifer Cunningham. "It was worth every penny."

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             May 21, 2011 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1814 words


<b>CASINO A THREAT TO BASE</b>

The proposed Spokane Tribe casino raises a critical concern about the long-term
future for Fairchild Air Force Base and the threat of encroachment.

Fairchild AFB is the largest employer and economic driver in Spokane County,
having a total impact of over $421 million a year. Encroachment is a real threat
to military bases everywhere they exist, and bases have closed across the
country due to issues such as this. I have seen this first-hand and have had
many conversations with experts on land use around Fairchild.

Discussions I have had with members of earlier Base Realignment and Closure
Commissions indicate the base's future can be tied to its ability for future
expansion and mission changes.

Comments of FAA approval for this proposed project are misleading. All buildings
have to meet FAA height requirements. That has nothing to do with base
encroachment and the very real risk a 13-story hotel, casino and event center
across the street from the base poses. Development so close to the base could
create a long-term problem that may prevent future expansion of Fairchild in the
out years as missions change and forces collocate.

<b>Tom Pauley</b>

<i>Chief master sergeant, USAF, retired

Spokane</i>

<b>SIGNATURE SAVES LIVES</b>

Gov. Mitch Daniels of Indiana signed House Bill 1210 which defunds Planned
Parenthood of $2 million in federal aid. Susan B. Anthony List President
Marjorie Dunnenfelser said, "this common-sense legislation is aimed at saving
lives, protecting women and getting taxpayers out of the abortion industry."

Elective abortion is a huge moneymaker. It is supposedly illegal to use federal
funds for it, except in cases of rape, incest or saving the mother's life (Hyde
Amendment, 1976), but so-called nonprofit family planning clinics make no such
honest accounting.

Look at a picture of an 8-week fetus with eyes, nose, mouth, arms, legs, toes,
fingers and even fingernails. He/she is a miniature human being. At 21 weeks,
the fetus is close to viability. States such as Indiana and Idaho now have a
common-sense 20-week abortion ban.

Don't worry about cancer screenings, birth control and other nonabortion-related
women's health. The social and fiscal conservative Daniels made sure all 92
Indiana counties will continue to offer these real services. More importantly,
fewer women and families will experience profound loss. Daniels has bravely
stood against Obamacare's "women's health."

<b>Michael A. Kraft</b>

<i>Spokane</i>

<b>LOBBYIST COSTS ADD UP</b>

A May 6 Seattle Times article by Spokane Valley 4th District Rep. Matt Shea and
Freedom Foundation's economic policy director Amber Gunn deserves our undivided
attention regarding House Bill 2112.

Constitutionally protected lobbying by private individuals or corporations
allows citizens to have a voice in government; but Washington state lobbying is
being done "government to government," at taxpayers' expense. Last year,
Washington state government agencies spent millions (paid for by us taxpayers)
lobbying state officials, and millions more lobbying the federal government,
often to increase the size, scope and cost of these agencies or to prevent
budget cuts - an inherent conflict of interest.

Worse, according to the Public Disclosure Commission, various state agencies,
local governments and municipalities failed to disclose taxpayer-funded lobbying
as required by law - to the tune of $4.6 million. Penalties paid out of the
agency's budget means taxpayers not only pay for the lobbying, but for the
penalties as well.

HB 2112 would hold public servants accountable for lobbying; require stiffer,
personal, non-disclosure penalties; restrict lobbying to agency directors or
deputy directors; and curtail state agency lobbying, while ensuring lawmakers
would still hear from them when necessary.

Call/write your legislators to pass HB 2112.

<b>Marilyn J. Montgomery</b>

<i>Spokane</i>

<b>POOR CAN'T BEAR ENTIRE BURDEN</b>

The Republican budget is based on the belief in a small America. In a small
America, a few are rich and most are poor.

The Republicans say, over and over, that "America is broke," as if there is no
hope of a financial recovery and a rebound to financial health. In this view,
the rich have no choice but to clutch all the money or they, too, will be poor.

Well, if history is a lesson, there will be a rebound and the financial debt
will be retired just as it has so many times in our past. It is not necessary to
steal all the money from the poor to keep the wealthy well off. But that is the
founding principle of the Republican budget.

The sensible thing is for our national government to increase our economy and
for the Republicans to keep their campaign promises to build jobs instead of
their slash-and-burn policies. In hard times like this period, sharing the
burden is the civil and useful thing to do. The slash-and-burn method admits to
no faith in or hope for America.

Do you believe in a small America?

<b>Allan deLaubenfels</b>

<i>Spokane Valley</i>

<b>JOBS ARE TOP PRIORITY</b>

Why is Congress not focused on jobs?

It appears that the Republican majority in the House would rather wage war
against women, the poor and the elderly, rather than work on creating jobs or
anything really productive.

The Republicans want to abolish Medicare as we know it. Are we going to allow
seniors to be at the mercy of the private insurance companies who will make them
pay even more for health care?

Keep your hands off my grandmother's Medicare. She spent much of her life
working and raising a family and deserves better treatment from lawmakers in
Washington, D.C.

If you want to have a significant impact on the budget, bring our troops home,
slash an obscenely bloated Pentagon budget and end the Bush tax cuts which cost
more than entitlements.

Tearing down our social safety net while corporations and individuals with large
amounts of wealth get tax breaks and subsidies is unethical and immoral -
period.

Leave Medicare alone.

<b>Michael Dague</b>

<i>Spokane</i>

<b>WATER RATE HIKE UNNEEDED</b>

I am writing to deeply protest the huge water rates the City Council stuck us
all with this winter. This "slow the flow" program is nothing but an advanced
aggressive tax on the unsuspecting public because they can't live within their
budget like everyone else.

Experts agree that it is virtually impossible for Spokane to ever run out or low
on water. We have a full aquifer below us that is always full no matter what the
flow of the Spokane River is.

This is what happens when they give in to the constant union demands of higher
pay and benefits of city workers.

I've never seen a city with unlimited water promote dried up lawns and dead
gardens. They figure if Avista can stick it to us in the winter then the city
can do it in the summer.

When you receive a water bill this summer for $300 to $600 you'll be screaming
the same thing, throw the mayor and the council member who voted for this out on
the streets.

<b>Robert Vincent</b>

<i>Spokane</i>

<b>PRACTICE THOSE LISTENING SKILLS</b>

So School District 81, in the midst of a great budget crisis, thinks up this
genius idea - add another six-figure salary administrator.

Incredible! Could the school board be any more tone-deaf if they actually tried?
Could they lower the morale of their employees (none of whom makes anything near
a six-figure salary) - teachers, custodians, educational support personnel - any
further than it has already sunk?

One would think that the person to handle this great dilemma, this unprecedented
issue of our times that will change so much of our future, would be none other
than the superintendent.

She's like, so smart! And so educated! And, she makes a huge pile of money!
She's perfect for the job, right? Actually, isn't it her job to handle this
stuff?

It is very puzzling that the administration of SD 81 seems to have become what
teachers try to teach their students to beware of: a bureaucracy in the business
of maintaining itself at the expense of the public, who entrusts them to use
their funds wisely; the students, who expect to be educated and not just
trained; and the employees, who deserve the respect of the people they work for.
Three strikes - you're out.

<b>Scott Paulus</b>

<i>Spokane Valley</i>

<b>YOUTH'S DAY AT HAND</b>

Those of us that have volunteered to serve with Communities in Schools have all
had positive contact and interaction with Mr. Ben Stuckart, who is running for
City Council president. This obviously talented and very bright young man has
the qualities and qualifications for that complex job.

Having given much thought, and having conversations with many of our community
leaders in Spokane, my conclusion is that it is time for a distinct change. It
is time for all of us "old folks" to step out of the way and foster and support
the bright, talented and compassionate person that Mr. Stuckart has been since
he was a youth.

<b>John Olsen</b>

<i>Spokane</i>

<b>NEXT STEP FOR JOHN PAUL II</b>

Here's Pope John Paul II on religious tolerance:

Religious tolerance is based on the conviction that God wishes to be adored by
people who are free, a conviction which requires us to respect and honor the
inner sanctuary of conscience in which each person meets God.

We know of John Paul II's courage; his strong opposition to communism; the
pope's forgiveness of the man who tried to kill him; and of the pope's
protection of the weak, the poor and the unborn.

His openness could be a step to sainthood, and a miracle has been attributed to
Pope John Paul II. Perhaps the pope's greatest cross was within the Catholic
Church and Catholics who directly or indirectly defied the pope on church
teaching.

Pope John Paul II should be on the fast track to sainthood.

<b>Michael McGuire</b>

<i>Spokane</i>

<b>TOP-HEAVY SCHOOL SYSTEM</b>

The Spokesman's editorial concerning more bureaucracy in schools (May 17) hit a
major problem with the high cost of public education and then glossed over it.
The problem? Excessive number of administrators.

As a retired teacher and former school administrator, I assure your readers our
school districts are burdened with the number and staggering cost of added and
needless administrators.

Where the state funds and deems adequate 25 administrators, Spokane schools have
50, at an added cost exceeding $3 million a year. This represents 30 percent of
their shortfall.

And how do they fund this excess? From the levy.

Remember all the political signs: "For The Children"? The signs should read,
"For The Administrators." Those of us in the greater Spokane area need to demand
that our schools follow the example of the Washington, D.C., schools and cut the
number of administrators by 50 percent. If will not solve all the problems, but
it will be a beginning.

<b>Patrick McDonald</b>

<i>Spokane Valley</i>

<b>TYPE:</b> Letters

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              704 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Montana Standard (Butte)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 25, 2016 Sunday

United front: Cities join others for big infrastructure lobbying push

BYLINE: Mike Smith, The Montana Standard, Butte

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1851 words


Dec. 25--When serious structural problems were discovered on two interchange
bridges for Interstates 15-90 in Butte, state transportation officials scrambled
to reroute semis and get immediate repair work underway.

The "emergency" fix that started in September lasted into December, traffic was
rerouted onto detour ramps for weeks, and the taxpayer tab for the repairs will
be about $3 million.

None of that surprises state Sen. Jeff Welborn, a Republican from Dillon who
watched legislation to steer tens of millions of dollars to roads, sewers, and
water systems die in the final days of the 2013 and 2015 sessions. A plan failed
by a single vote last time, but blame was widespread.

"At the end of the day, we have to fund these things," said Welborn, an
eight-year representative who was elected to the Senate this year. "That bridge
outside of Butte is a textbook example of what happens when you don't address
needs on a timely basis."

In response to inaction, more than 80 business and labor and economic
development organizations have joined numerous cities and counties this year to
form the Montana Infrastructure Coalition.

They're looking for more money now and sustainable funding into the future and
are proposing an increase in Montana's gasoline tax, changes to the Coal Tax
Trust Fund, and local option tourism taxes to fund infrastructure, among other
things.

Welborn hopes their clout and upcoming lobbying push at the Legislature starting
in January will get something significant over the finish line.

"If you think about the diversity of the coalition, if they don't have the
strength to get it (major funding) passed, we are in trouble," he said.

GETTING ON BOARD

The coalition formed last spring, has grown since, and includes some heavy
hitters among Montana lobbying groups, including the Montana Chamber of
Commerce, Montana AFL-CIO, Montana Contractors Association, and the Montana
League of Cities and Towns.

Six cities paid $5,000 each to be voting members -- Billings, Bozeman, Glendive,
Helena, Kalispell, and Laurel. Butte-Silver Bow, Dawson, Fallon, and Richland
counties also ponied up $5,000 each.

More than 70 other entities paid $500 each to join, including Colstrip, Great
Falls, and Missoula, and there are pro-business groups from every corner,
including the Big Sky Chamber of Commerce and the Eastern Plains Economic
Development Corp. that represents five lowland counties near the Dakotas.

Clint Burson, director of government affairs for the Missoula Chamber of
Commerce, said joining was an easy decision.

"Our chamber, as well as other chambers for six of the major cities, have all
agreed we support increased funding for infrastructure because it helps
businesses," he said. "It helps to transport their goods, and it allows people
to come to their businesses."

While Democrat Gov. Steve Bullock and Republican and Democrat lawmakers pointed
fingers at one another when the big infrastructure bill flamed out in April
2015, lobbying groups looked at themselves. After all, they were fully engaged
in the session, too.

"We kind of sat down and said, 'This is our failure,'" said Darryl James, the
coalition's executive director. "We have kind of run at this thing
independently, but what if we pooled all our resources and came at it?"

Cities and counties are thinking the same way.

Billings City Administrator Tina Volek in a Nov. 28 story in the Billings
Gazette said anything that can be done "is better than sitting for another two
or four years with nothing to show for it."

Butte-Silver Bow commissioners agreed to the $5,000 membership fee in the last
budget they enacted in August.

In recent years, Butte was able to secure a state loan for $30 million in
upgrades to its sewage treatment plant, which ratepayers are paying back, and
pollution-settlement money is behind a new $22-million water treatment plant,
and $8 million more for water systems.

But Butte has missed out too. Although it was not a street, sewer, or water
project, funding for a long-sought home in Butte for military veterans died with
the final infrastructure bill last session.

To many county officials, spending $5,000 on the coalition was a no-brainer,
since funding for any project would be worth much more.

"It just seems like on both sides of the aisle, they could find some common
ground and get it done this session, and that is part of the push from our end,"
said Butte-Silver Bow Commissioner Dan Foley.

LOOKING BACK, AHEAD

The final compromise package in 2015 was put together by Bullock and legislative
leaders from both parties. It had $100 million in grants and loans for local
road, street, and water projects and $50 million in state projects.

It easily passed the Senate, but it failed to get a needed 67 votes in the
House. It required a two-thirds vote in both chambers because it allowed the
state to incur bond debt.

GOP leaders blamed Bullock, saying he refused to negotiate any late changes.
Bullock said a "small minority" of Republicans blocked its passage. Some House
Republicans said they didn't like the bill because of its large, expensive state
projects.

Those and other reasons don't matter to the coalition now. They're looking to
this upcoming session and years beyond it, too.

The needs, they say, are well documented and are summarized in a report card
issued two years ago by the American Society of Civil Engineers. It gave a C- to
the state's overall quality of infrastructure, a C- for drinking water systems
and dams, and a D+ for wastewater.

"Montana's aging infrastructure is approaching a critical state of disrepair,"
the report said.

And funding isn't keeping up.

The coalition points to shortfalls at the Montana Department of Transportation
as one example of that. The agency operates on an annual budget of about $700
million, the vast majority of it grants from the Federal Highway Administration.

The grants require small matching amounts from the state, but stagnant gas-tax
revenue and budget shortfalls have left the MDT short of those dollars.

The Bullock administration said this month that a $14.5-million deficit at MDT
means it cannot get $130 million in federal cash this year, so it has delayed
bidding on numerous projects until at least May.

The administration should know by then if lawmakers raised the gasoline tax or
took other steps to get more road funding.

As it stands, said Bullock spokesman Tim Crowe said, "There is no more reserve
within the fund at the MDT to match those federal dollars."

COALITION PROPOSALS

Although it would support a bonding package to pay for individual projects, the
coalition has no interest in choosing which ones to include. Endorsing projects
would amount to picking winners and losers, the coalition's James said.

They're focused more on adjusting existing revenue streams and creating new
ones.

The coalition points to the shortfall at the MDT as a reason to raise the
gasoline tax for the first time since 1994. The tax has stood at 27 cents per
gallon since then, with most of the money distributed to MDT and the Montana
Highway Patrol.

The group is calling for a 10-cent-per-gallon increase and adjustments to the
revenue distribution formula "to provide a long-overdue funding increase for
city and county road and bridge improvements."

Montana's gasoline tax raises about $219 million per year, but cities and
counties only get $16.7 million per year.

Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox

1

html

subscribe

The Montana Standard

MST

email@newsletter.mtstandard.com

Sign Up!

6700EAF45F07D38E2DF2EA4CF198EB28

MtStandard.com Daily Headlines

6700EAF45F07D38E3D090702CE2B65CD

Obituaries

I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes
agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy.

Other proposals, which were adopted at a membership meeting in November,
include:

--Allowing communities -- with approval by local voters -- to impose a "tourism
tax" to fund infrastructure. Members decided it should not be a broad-based
sales tax but one aimed primarily at services from hotels, restaurants, and
bars.

--Capping the Coal Tax Trust Fund at $1 billion and steering new coal tax
revenues toward bonds for "vetted and prioritized infrastructure projects." That
plan is only in its "infancy," James said.

--Legislation that would allow local governments to leverage investment through
public-private partnerships -- also called P3s.

The coalition hopes all of its proposals are discussed in the upcoming session,
but James acknowledges that details can present big hurdles.

"We have to do something; we have broad agreement on that," he said. "Who pays
for it and how it is prioritized, those are the tough ones."

LEGISLATIVE LANDSCAPE

The coalition is trying to approach the session in a non-political, nonpartisan
way and says it won't be a one-and-done push.

"This is viewed as a long-term enterprise, not a one-session organization," Tim
Burton, executive director of the Montana League of Cities and Towns, told Butte
officials in July. The League represents all but three of Montana's 129
incorporated cities and towns and is on the coalition's Board of Directors.

But the project will face some big legislative challenges right away.

Senate Minority Leader Jon Sesso, D-Butte, made last-minute attempts to get the
infrastructure bill passed in 2015. He says talks this session should start with
some parts of that bill.

That especially includes provisions that would provide state money for local
infrastructure on a sliding scale that considers how much counties and cities
tax their residents now, he said.

"Leaders of both parties agreed to that," Sesso said. "I would hope that is
where we would start ... and we don't have to re-debate that."

Republican leaders have said they want to address infrastructure this session,
and House Speaker Austin Knudsen, R-Culbertson, has said proposals from the
coalition are under consideration.

But he also said most House Republicans have told him they don't back increases
to any tax, including the gasoline tax. And Sesso says another factor comes into
play.

"The Legislature's ability to increase that tax is tied directly to assurances
that the money raised will go only to roads, and that is a tough nut to crack,"
he said.

Capping the coal trust -- instead of just finding ways to restructure revenue
streams within it -- also could be problematic, Sesso said. Many lawmakers will
see it as breaking a promise.

"There are people who walk around here with a book of legislative commitments,
and one of them is to never bust the trust," Sesso said.

Dillon's Sen. Welborn also knows it won't be easy but notes that the upcoming
session won't be immediately followed by a gubernatorial election year. That
might mean fewer lawmakers wanting political credit for "passing or killing"
infrastructure legislation, he said.

He knows people in his district want it, he said, and the coalition has a sound
approach.

"I like where the coalition is going," Welborn said. "It has to be more than a
one-session fight."

___ (c)2016 The Montana Standard (Butte, Mont.) Visit The Montana Standard
(Butte, Mont.) at www.mtstandard.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161225-BU-United-front-Cities-join-others-for-big-infrastructure-
lobbying-push-1225-20161225

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BU


                      Copyright 2016 The Montana Standard


                              705 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Montana Standard (Butte)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 18, 2016 Sunday

United front: Cities join others for big infrastructure lobbying push

BYLINE: Mike Smith, The Montana Standard, Butte

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1842 words


Dec. 18--When serious structural problems were discovered on two interchange
bridges for Interstates 15-90 in Butte, state transportation officials scrambled
to reroute semis and get immediate repair work under way.

The "emergency" fix that started in September lasted into December, traffic was
rerouted onto detour ramps for weeks, and the taxpayer tab for the repairs will
be about $3 million.

None of that surprises state Sen. Jeff Welborn, a Republican from Dillon who
watched legislation to steer tens of millions of dollars to roads, sewers and
water systems die in the final days of the 2013 and 2015 sessions. A plan failed
by a single vote last time but blame was widespread.

"At the end of the day we have to fund these things," said Welborn, an
eight-year representative who was elected to the Senate this year. "That bridge
outside of Butte is a textbook example of what happens when you don't address
needs on a timely basis."

In response to inaction, more than 80 business, labor and economic development
organizations have joined numerous cities and counties this year to form the
Montana Infrastructure Coalition.

They're looking for more money now and sustainable funding into the future, and
are proposing an increase in Montana's gasoline tax, changes to the Coal Tax
Trust Fund and local option tourism taxes to fund infrastructure, among other
things.

Welborn hopes their clout and upcoming lobbying push at the Legislature starting
in January will get something significant over the finish line.

"If you think about the diversity of the coalition, if they don't have the
strength to get it (major funding) passed, we are in trouble," he said.

GETTING ON BOARD

The coalition formed last spring, has grown since and includes some heavy
hitters among Montana lobbying groups, including the Montana Chamber of
Commerce, Montana AFL-CIO, Montana Contractors Association and the Montana
League of Cities and Towns.

Six cities paid $5,000 each to be voting members -- Billings, Bozeman, Glendive,
Helena, Kalispell and Laurel. Butte-Silver Bow, Dawson, Fallon and Richland
counties also ponied up $5,000 each.

More than 70 other entities paid $500 each to join, including Colstrip, Great
Falls and Missoula, and there are pro-business groups from every corner,
including the Big Sky Chamber of Commerce and the Eastern Plains Economic
Development Corp. that represents five lowland counties near the Dakotas.

Clint Burson, director of government affairs for the Missoula Chamber of
Commerce, said joining was an easy decision.

"Our chamber, as well as other chambers for six of the major cities, have all
agreed we support increased funding for infrastructure because it helps
businesses," he said. "It helps to transport their goods and it allows people to
come to their businesses."

While Democrat Gov. Steve Bullock and Republican and Democrat lawmakers pointed
fingers at one another when the big infrastructure bill flamed out in April
2015, lobbying groups looked at themselves. After all, they were fully engaged
in the session, too.

"We kind of sat down and said, 'This is our failure,'" said Darryl James, the
coalition's executive director. "We have kind of run at this thing
independently, but what if we pooled all our resources and came at it?"

Cities and counties are thinking the same way.

Billings City Administrator Tina Volek, in a Nov. 28 story in the Billings
Gazette, said anything that can be done "is better than sitting for another two
or four years with nothing to show for it."

Butte-Silver Bow commissioners agreed to the $5,000 membership fee in the last
budget they enacted in August.

In recent years, Butte was able to secure a state loan for $30 million in
upgrades to its sewage treatment plant, which ratepayers are paying back, and
pollution-settlement money is behind a new $22 million water treatment plant and
$8 million more for water systems.

But Butte has missed out too. Although it was not a street, sewer or water
project, funding for a long-sought home in Butte for military veterans died with
the final infrastructure bill last session.

To many county officials, spending $5,000 on the coalition was a no-brainer,
since funding for any project would be worth much more.

"It just seems like on both sides of the aisle, they could find some common
ground and get it done this session and that is part of the push from our end,"
said Butte-Silver Bow Commissioner Dan Foley.

LOOKING BACK, AHEAD

The final compromise package in 2015 was put together by Bullock and legislative
leaders from both parties. It had $100 million in grants and loans for local
road, street and water projects and $50 million in state projects.

It easily passed the Senate but it failed to get a needed 67 votes in the House.
It required a two-thirds vote in both chambers because it allowed the state to
incur bond debt.

GOP leaders blamed Bullock, saying he refused to negotiate any late changes.
Bullock said a "small minority" of Republicans blocked its passage. Some House
Republicans said they didn't like the bill because of its large, expensive state
projects.

Those and other reasons don't matter to the coalition now. They're looking to
this upcoming session and years beyond it, too.

The needs, they say, are well documented and are summarized in a report card
issued two years ago by the American Society of Civil Engineers. It gave a C- to
the state's overall quality of infrastructure, a C- for drinking water systems
and dams and a D+ for wastewater.

"Montana's aging infrastructure is approaching a critical state of disrepair,"
the report said.

And funding isn't keeping up.

The coalition points to shortfalls at the Montana Department of Transportation
as one example of that. The agency operates on an annual budget of about $700
million, the vast majority of it grants from the Federal Highway Administration.

The grants require small matching amounts from the state, but stagnant gas-tax
revenue and budget shortfalls have left the MDT short of those dollars.

The Bullock administration said this month that a $14.5 million deficit at MDT
means it cannot get $130 million in federal cash this year, so it has delayed
bidding on numerous projects until at least May.

It should know by then if lawmakers raised the gasoline tax or taken other steps
to get more road funding.

As it stands, said Bullock spokesman Tim Crowe said, "There is no more reserve
within the fund at the MDT to match those federal dollars."

COALITION PROPOSALS

Although it would support a bonding package to pay for individual projects, the
coalition has no interest in choosing which ones to include. Endorsing projects
would amount to picking winners and losers, the coalition's James said.

They're focused more on adjusting existing revenue streams and creating new
ones.

They point to the shortfall at the MDT as a reason to raise the gasoline tax for
the first time since 1994. It has stood at 27 cents per gallon since then, with
most of the money distributed to MDT and the Montana Highway Patrol.

The group is calling for a 10-cent per-gallon increase and adjustments to the
revenue distribution formula "to provide a long-overdue funding increase for
city and county road and bridge improvements."

Montana's gasoline tax raises about $219 million per year, but cities and
counties only get $16.7 million per year.

Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox

1

html

subscribe

The Montana Standard

MST

email@newsletter.mtstandard.com

Sign Up!

6700EAF45F07D38E2DF2EA4CF198EB28

MtStandard.com Daily Headlines

6700EAF45F07D38E3D090702CE2B65CD

Obituaries

I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes
agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy.

Other proposals, which were adopted at a membership meeting in November,
include:

--Allowing communities, with approval by local voters, to impose a "tourism tax"
to fund infrastructure. Members decided it should not be a broad-based sales tax
but one aimed primarily at services from hotels, restaurants and bars.

--Capping the Coal Tax Trust Fund at $1 billion and steering new coal tax
revenues toward bonds for "vetted and prioritized infrastructure projects." That
plan is only in its "infancy," James said.

--Legislation that would allow local governments to leverage investment through
public-private partnerships -- also called P3s.

The coalition hopes all of its proposals are discussed in the upcoming session,
but James acknowledges that details can present big hurdles.

"We have to do something -- we have broad agreement on that," he said. "Who pays
for it and how it is prioritized, those are the tough ones."

LEGISLATIVE LANDSCAPE

The coalition is trying to approach the session in a non-political, nonpartisan
way and says it won't be a one-and-done push.

"This is viewed as a long-term enterprise, not a one-session organization," Tim
Burton, executive director of the Montana League of Cities and Towns, told Butte
officials in July. The League represents all but three of Montana's 129
incorporated cities and towns, and is on the coalition's Board of Directors.

But it will faces some big legislative challenges right away.

Senate Minority Leader Jon Sesso, D-Butte, made last-minute attempts to get the
infrastructure bill passed in 2015. He says talks this session should start with
some parts of that bill.

That especially includes provisions that would provide state money for local
infrastructure on a sliding scale that considers how much counties and cities
tax their residents now, he said.

"Leaders of both parties agreed to that," Sesso said. "I would hope that is
where we would start ... and we don't have to re-debate that."

Republican leaders have said they want to address infrastructure this session
and House Speaker Austin Knudsen, R-Culbertson, has said proposals from the
coalition are under consideration.

But he also said most House Republicans have told him they don't back increases
to any tax, including the gasoline tax. And Sesso says another factor comes into
play.

"The Legislature's ability to increase that tax is tied directly to assurances
that the money raised will go only to roads, and that is a tough nut to crack,"
he said.

Capping the coal trust -- instead of just finding ways to restructure revenue
streams within it -- also could be problematic, Sesso said. Many lawmakers will
see it as breaking a promise.

"There are people who walk around here with a book of legislative commitments
and one of them is to never bust the trust," Sesso said.

Dillon's Sen. Welborn also knows it won't be easy but notes that the upcoming
session won't be immediately followed by a gubernatorial election year. That
might mean fewer lawmakers wanting political credit for "passing or killing"
infrastructure legislation, he said.

He knows people in his district want it, he said, and the coalition has a sound
approach.

"I like where the coalition is going," Welborn said. "It has to be more than a
one-session fight."

___ (c)2016 The Montana Standard (Butte, Mont.) Visit The Montana Standard
(Butte, Mont.) at www.mtstandard.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161218-BU-United-front-Cities-join-others-for-big-infrastructure-
lobbying-push-1218-20161218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BU


                      Copyright 2016 The Montana Standard


                              706 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            April 13, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Only natural for firm to lobby D.C. The Denver law practice Holland & Hart will
get ``a place at the table'' to help with natural resources.

BYLINE: Greg Griffin Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 469 words


Holland & Hart, Denver's largest law firm, is launching a Washington lobbying
practice specializing in the red-hot arena of natural resources.

The firm is starting small, with just two lobbyists offering expertise in
energy, environment and mining to existing Holland & Hart clients. The office
could grow if it can bring in new business, officials said.

"Our clients are constantly asking us to solve problems that have Washington
connections," said Holland & Hart partner Larry Wolfe, who heads the firm's
natural-resources practice. "They have needs in D.C. that we have the expertise
to fill. If they don't hire us to do it, they'll hire somebody else."

The only other Denver law firm that lobbies seriously in Washington is
Brownstein Hyatt & Farber. Several national firms with Denver offices have
strong lobbying operations, including Hogan & Hartson, Patton Boggs and
Greenberg Traurig.

Holland & Hart has had a Washington office for about two decades, but it hasn't
been staffed full-time since about 1995. At its height in the early 1990s, it
had 20 lawyers, some of whom lobbied part-time.

The Washington office will be run by Steve Barringer and Kelly Johnson, former
lawyers with the firm who have extensive Washington experience.

In recent years, Colorado companies, governments and other organizations have
increased their spending on lobbying. They paid Washington lobbyists $13.8
million last year, up from $7.2 million in 2002, according to filings with
Congress.

"Companies are coming to realize that they have to have a place at the table (in
Washington), that the consequences of just letting things happen are pretty
severe," said Brownstein Hyatt & Farber founding partner Norm Brownstein. "
Lobbying is simply part of the full range of services that law firms have to
offer."

As for the new competition, Brownstein said he welcomes it. "Washington is so
big, and there are so many issues. There's plenty of room," he said.

Dave Palmer of Greenberg Traurig in Denver also praised Holland & Hart's move,
though he said the office may have to grow to have an impact.

"What's hard is to do it small. It's hard to break in," he said. "I don't mean
to belittle what they're doing. You have to start somewhere."

Wolfe said it was important for Holland & Hart to hire former staffers who know
the West, the firm and its clients.

Barringer is a mining-industry specialist who has lobbied for some of the
largest minerals companies, including Denver-based Newmont Mining Corp.

Johnson was acting director of the U.S. Department of Justice's Environment and
Natural Resources Division until leaving in November. Before joining the Justice
Department, Johnson was senior counsel on the Senate Energy and Natural
Resources Committee.

Staff writer Greg Griffin can be reached at 303-820-1241 or
ggriffin@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            January 23, 2006 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

LOBBY LAWS WORK;
PERZEL NEEDS TO STOP BLOCKING PENNSYLVANIA REFORM

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A-14

LENGTH: 309 words


The law that state House Speaker John Perzel says Pennsylvania does not need --
lobbyist disclosure -- is doing bang-up business in nearby states. The evil that
such a law is meant to prevent -- a government bought off by special interests
-- is making heads roll in Washington and parties try to out-reform each other.

But don't take our word for it. Let's go to the record, a record that
Pennsylvanians unfortunately do not have.

In 2004, $144 million was spent on lobbying in New York state and $25.2 million
in New Jersey. In Maryland, $38.5 million was spent on lobbying in the 12 months
ending Oct. 31, 2004.

Lobbyists spent $50.2 million to be heard in Minnesota in 2004, $34.9 million in
Washington state, $31 million in Massachusetts, $27.6 million in Connecticut and
$27.1 million in Michigan, according to the watchdog Center for Public
Integrity.

Pennsylvania, with its $24.3 billion general fund and voluminous laws, is not a
plum to be overlooked by business groups, labor unions, medical societies, the
insurance industry, religious activists and one-issue pleaders determined to
have their way in Harrisburg. But without a lobbyist disclosure law, like those
in other states, Pennsylvania residents live in a state of constant ignorance.
And by refusing to entertain a bill on the subject, House Speaker John Perzel is
bent on keeping it that way.

Because the state Senate has a rule, not a law, that requires reports on
lobbying in its chamber, we know that the arm-twisters spent $67.8 million
there, a record high, in the first half of 2005. That's only the tip of the
iceberg, and Pennsylvanians will never see the full picture until an
obstructionist like the Republican Perzel allows a good bill to come to the
floor and pass.

In Harrisburg you either work for the people or you work against them. John
Perzel's stance is clear for all to see.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              708 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 19, 2008 Monday
                                 Met 2 Edition

A Fifth Top Aide To McCain Resigns;
Finance Co-Chairman's Lobbying Ties Are Cited

BYLINE: Michael D. Shear; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 823 words


Tom Loeffler, the national finance co-chairman for Sen. John McCain's
presidential campaign, resigned yesterday because of his lobbying ties, a
campaign adviser said.

He is the fifth person to sever ties with the campaign amid a growing concern
over whether lobbyists have too great an influence over the Republican nominee.
Last week, campaign manager Rick Davis issued a new policy that requires all
campaign personnel to either resign or sever ties with lobbying firms or outside
political groups.

"The campaign over the last week or so obviously had a perception problem with
regards with this whole business of lobbyists and their work," spokesman Brian
Rogers said. "This is really all about setting a policy so that we can just get
through that perception problem and the issues that come up with regards to
lobbyists affiliated with the campaign and move on."

McCain has built his reputation in Congress on fighting special interests and
the lobbying culture, but he has been criticized for months about the number of
lobbyists serving in key positions in his campaign. Until recently, his top
political adviser, Charles R. Black Jr., was the head of a Washington lobbying
firm. Black retired in March from BKSH & Associates, the firm he helped found,
to stay with the campaign. Davis ran a lobbying firm for several years but has
said he is on leave from it.

Black, in particular, remains in the cross hairs of McCain's critics. Campaign
Money Watch, a nonpartisan watchdog group in Washington, yesterday praised
Loeffler's departure but renewed its call for Black's departure. The group has
launched a Web site, http://www.firethelobbyists.com, to urge McCain to rid his
campaign of their influence. Loeffler's lobbying for Saudi Arabia and other
foreign governments was revealed over the weekend.

McCain has steadfastly defended Black and Davis. "Charlie Black and Rick Davis
are not in the lobbying business; they've been out of that business," he told
reporters. "Charlie Black has been involved in every presidential campaign going
back to President Reagan's first campaign. He has severed his connections with
the lobbying group that he was with. Rick Davis has not been involved in any
lobbying for years."

Asked whether he is concerned about the departures while campaigning in West
Virginia and Kentucky, McCain shrugged it off, saying that the creation of the
new conflict-of-interest policy should solve the problem. But McCain's
Democratic rivals and their allies have jumped to exploit his troubles.

The liberal group MoveOn.org released an ad last week calling on McCain to
dismiss Black. The ad accuses Black of representing "the world's worst tyrants"
and urges viewers to call McCain's campaign demanding his departure.

Black did not return e-mails or a voice mail left on his mobile phone.

The pressure on McCain has intensified amid concerns about people connected to
the campaign lobbying on behalf of Burma's military government, and the
involvement with outside political groups that are not supposed to coordinate
with a nominee's official campaign.

Regional campaign manager Doug Davenport and Republican convention chief Doug
Goodyear departed after acknowledging having represented Burma. Eric Burgeson,
who lobbies the federal government on energy issues, left Thursday. GOP
consultant Craig Shirley parted ways with the campaign because of his ties to
http://www.stophernow.com, a site created to target Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton
(D-N.Y.) that is now aimed at Sen. Barack Obama (D-Ill.).

When asked in Milwaukie, Ore., about the latest McCain campaign resignations,
Obama said: "It appears that John McCain is very much a creature of Washington.

"And, it does appear that over the last several weeks John McCain keeps on
having problems with his top advisers being lobbyists in some cases for foreign
governments or other big interests that are doing business in Washington," Obama
said. "That, I don't think, represents the kind of change the American people
are looking for."

Despite Obama's pledge not to take lobbyist money, he has several former
lobbyists advising him, including deputy campaign manager Steve Hildebrand, who
was a lobbyist for an environmental group. Spokesman Hari Sevugan said Obama
lets lobbyists advise him but not take paid staff positions.

Loeffler, a former congressman from Texas, is a close friend of McCain's and
took over the campaign's fundraising last summer. He did not respond to e-mails
or a message left on his office voice mail yesterday.

Newsweek reported that his firm, the Loeffler Group, had collected $15 million
from Saudi Arabia and millions more from other foreign governments. He is listed
as chairman and senior partner at the firm.

Rogers declined to comment about Loeffler or to say whether other aides are
likely to resign. Davis and Black have not given any indication they intend to
leave.

Staff writer Matthew Mosk in Milwaukie, Ore., contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Virginia

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                              June 4, 2012 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

COLLEGES TURN TO LOBBYISTS TO FEND OFF CUTS;
CORBETT'S PLANNED REDUCTIONS IN EDUCATION FUNDING PROMPT ACTION

BYLINE: Michael Macagnone, Post-Gazette Harrisburg Bureau

SECTION: STATE; Pg. B-2

LENGTH: 755 words


HARRISBURG -- Amid repeated rounds of state budget cuts, the University of
Pittsburgh now spends twice what it used to getting its message to legislators.

The increase in Pitt's lobbying expenses, which totaled $113,000 during the
first three months of this year, began after Gov. Tom Corbett proposed a 50
percent cut for higher education last March.

The school is not alone in its efforts: Both Pitt and Temple University spent
more on lobbying in the last quarter than any quarter in the last five years,
according to state records.

Both universities have spent more on lobbying in the last 12 months than in each
of the previous four years, and Penn State University's lobbying expenses for
the last two years have surpassed what it spent in the previous three.

Pennsylvania funds 14 state universities and provides support to four
state-related schools: Pitt, Penn State, Temple and Lincoln University.

The governor's 50 percent higher education cut shrunk to about 20 percent in
last year's final budget, but another round of cuts have been proposed by the
Corbett administration this year: 20 percent from the state system and 30
percent from the state-related schools.

As part of the budget proposal that passed the Senate last month, universities
including Pitt agreed to keep their tuition increases at or below the rate of
inflation in exchange for no decrease in funding.

The governor has not said publicly whether he would agree to that restoration.

Pitt spokesman John Fedele said the school wanted to keep the proposed cuts from
going through and stepped up its state lobbying efforts.

"We felt it was important to our students, our employees, and to the region to
educate legislators of the ... impact on tuition and employment that these
drastic cuts could entail," Mr. Fedele wrote in an email.

During the first three months of 2011, Pitt officials spent $66,000 on lobbying
in the state Capitol. After Mr. Corbett's budget proposal with a 50 percent cut
for colleges, that figure jumped to more than $90,000 from April to June last
year.

Three months after that, the university reported $96,000 in lobbying expenses.

The university hired an additional firm last year, Buchanan Ingersoll & Rooney
of Downtown, to supplement Pugliese Associates, a Harrisburg operation that the
university already used.

In addition, the Pitt administration and student government have stepped up
efforts to coordinate students in support of state funding. The efforts,
including a campaign called Keep Pitt Public, have included a lobbying trip by
several hundred students to Harrisburg.

Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Jake Corman, a Centre County Republican
who brokered the tuition deal and has advocated keeping state aid level this
year, said the mission of the universities by itself makes a strong case for
state funding without the need for much lobbying.

"Obviously, if you feel like you have to make a case, bringing more resources to
bear will help," he said. "What is more the issue is they have a compelling
case."

Decision making over large portions of state budgets -- such as welfare, prisons
and pensions -- affects how much is left for funding other areas such as
universities, said William Zumeta, a University of Washington professor who
researches public policy and higher education.

"These are fundamental phenomena that don't have much to do with how good your
lobbyists are," he said.

But he said universities nationwide are now wondering if "maybe we weren't
spending enough to make our case?"

Kenneth Lawrence -- Temple's vice president of community, public and government
affairs -- said the university's increased lobbying expenditures aren't
necessarily tied to potential losses in public money.

Mr. Lawrence said political changes following the 2010 election, including a new
gubernatorial administration and the Republican takeover in the state House, led
to the university's contracts with two outside firms, Greenlee Partners of
Harrisburg and Philadelphia's S.R. Wojdak & Associates.

Temple spent more than $195,000 in the first three months of this year, up from
$112,000 in the same period last year. Included in that total are increased
efforts by Temple students and administrators to reach out directly to
legislators in response to proposed cuts, Mr. Lawrence said.

But he was skeptical that his office's efforts would be able to greatly impact
the university's funding.

"No, I think there are a variety of factors that go into [the budget], and one
is the financial condition of the commonwealth," he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Michael Macagnone is an intern with the Pennsylvania Legislative
Correspondents Association in Harrisburg./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              710 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 11, 2013 Monday
                                 Every Edition

Williams Mullen used recession to evolve

BYLINE: Catherine Ho

SECTION: Pg. A14

LENGTH: 808 words


When Tom Frantz stepped into the chief executive's shoes at Williams Mullen, it
was early 2010 and U.S. law firms were knee-deep in a recession that dealt a
huge blow to demand for legal services.

So one of the first things he did as CEO was to gather the firm's 250 attorneys
on a sunny Saturday morning to go to school - the Mason School of Business at
the College of William & Mary. They chatted with legal industry consultants from
Altman Weil and a few of their own clients - general counsels and chief
executives - about how lawyers could compete for work in the new, leaner
business environment.

The idea was to stir up entrepreneurial spirit, Frantz said.

The firm is "trying to look around at what has worked in other industries as
they've matured and faced flat demand curves, and trying to adopt smart things
that help differentiate us from our competition," Frantz said.

To that effect, Williams Mullen is tinkering more and more with an old formula
known as the billable hour. Since 2007, the percentage of the firm's fees from
alternative fee arrangements - ways to bill other than charging by the hour, the
traditional way that lawyers have charged clients - jumped from less than 5
percent to 17 percent in the fiscal year ending Jan. 31.

The changes came in conjunction with a rebranding initiative that included
hiring a chief marketing officer for the first time, Kristin Richardson, and
taking the unusual step of making the non-lawyer position part of the firm's
executive committee - a title typically reserved for senior attorney partners.

"One thing that quickly stood out is the firm's messaging and brand had not been
updated for a while, and was not resonating with the changing mind-set of
business leaders," Richardson said of the time she joined in 2011.

So to reflect the changing times, the firm swapped its former motto, "Every
client is a partner," in favor of, "Finding Yes." The phrase highlights the
firm's approach to helping clients facilitate new business ventures and solve
problems rather than caution about potential legal roadblocks.

D.C. lobbying practice grows

The firm also redesigned its Web site in December, and is funneling more
resources into expanding a Washington lobbying practice meant to grow its
portfolio from state to federal work.

Williams Mullen has long been regarded as a Virginia and North Carolina firm
whose partners are major advocates for local urbanization efforts: Frantz is a
vocal proponent of building a basketball arena in Hampton Roads, and Pat
Gottschalk, leader of the firm's economic development practice, is a former
secretary of commerce and trade for the commonwealth of Virginia. But firm
leaders are now pushing to elevate their reputation as a strong regional firm
and become a player on the federal stage. In June 2011, they hired Mike Ferrell,
the lobbyist who started and steered the federal lobbying group at Venable since
2001, to create and build a federal lobbying operation at the smaller Williams
Mullen.

That year, Williams Mullen had one federal lobbying client, AFLAC, which brought
in $30,000 in lobbying fees. By the end of 2012, the firm had added four more
lobbyists and seven more federal lobbying clients - including Securitas, the
world's largest private security company - that raked in $710,000 in lobbying
earnings.

Ferrell said Williams Mullen is smaller, faster-moving and less married to
traditional ways of doing business than some larger international law firms.

"Size does matter," he said. "The larger you get, the more difficult it is to be
entrepreneurial. We have the luxury of not being one of the big behemoths that
have followed the model for so many years and think there's no other way to do
business. We've got more flexibility and have to be more innovative and
competitive."

Ferrell cited the firm's work with Securitas as an example. His team not only
lobbies on potential legislation but also advises the company on opportunities
to do business with the government to provide security screening at airports -
per a recent change in the Federal Aviation Administration law that allows
airports to opt out of the federal passenger screening program and hire private
companies to provide the same screening services.

"We advise on how to fashion applications, how to strategize with the TSA and
airports, and work with trade associations," Ferrell said. "It's that sort of
thing were you can help provide advice on a business model that might work for
them."

Chief executive Frantz said the firm is betting that offering such counsel,
sometimes for no cost, pays dividends down the road.

"We've attended board meetings without charge, taken walks on the beach with
CEOs without charge, and try to give them our views on their business without
being obvious we're also looking for legal work flowing out of that," he said.

hoc@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              711 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             May 24, 2007 Thursday

Columbia's Harlem Lobbying Effort Gets Expensive

BYLINE: ELIOT BROWN -, Special to the Sun

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 549 words


Columbia University is ramping up lobbying efforts for its planned 17-acre
campus extension in Harlem, pouring hundreds of thousands of dollars into an
attempt to gain city approval for the contentious project.

Between January and April, the university paid more than $440,000 to lobbying
firms, according to data released to the New York Temporary State Commission on
Lobbying, a marked increase compared with the approximately $190,000 the
institution spent in the first four months of 2006. Since 2004, Columbia is
listed as paying more than $1.5 million to lobbyists for land-use or
expansion-related subjects, mostly targeting city and local elected officials.

For developers seeking city approval for giant projects, it has become an almost
obligatory step to throw fistfuls of money into lobbying in an effort to win
needed support of officials. Columbia's plan to expand its campus north has
drawn strong resistance from many in the community, and opponents are vowing a
fight as the proposal enters the city's public review process in coming months.

Perhaps seeing the storm clouds on the horizon, the university last year hired
as a lobbyist the longtime political insider Bill Lynch, who has received about
$200,000 so far this year.

A spokeswoman for Columbia, La-Verna Fountain, said the dollar figures in state
records also include services other than lobbying, such as community outreach
and land-use legal services.

Opponents of the plan have hired a lobbyist as well, though the university's
spending easily dwarfs the $28,000 paid to Richard Lipsky, who frequently does
lobbying for small businesses.

The owner of rental storage properties in the project's footprint, Nicholas
Sprayregen, who hired Mr. Lipsky, said he, like Columbia, is just trying to get
officials to hear his position.

"These eminent domain fights are David vs. Goliath and in the case like this,
the thing one guy like me can do is try to get his message out," Mr. Sprayregen
said.

Particularly for large development projects that require city or state approval,
policy analysts say lobbying has grown tremendously in the past decade.

"It just seems that one of the greatest growth industries in the city and state
is our lobbying industry," the executive director of the advocacy group Citizens
Union, Richard Dadey, said. Regarding the money Columbia is putting into their
campaign, Mr. Dadey said: "It is a fair amount of money to spend on a lobbying
campaign to influence these decisions, but it is what institutions are
increasingly willing to pay to win on their issue."

Columbia's spending on lobbying this year tops that of any major developer in
the city, though the developer of Brooklyn's $4 billion Atlantic Yards Project,
Forest City Ratner, is listed as spending more than $300,000. In 2006, the
Brooklyn-based development company ranked third in the state for lobbying
expenses, spending more than $2.1 million leading up to the approval in December
of the giant mixed-use project that seeks to build a basketball arena and
residential towers near downtown Brooklyn.

Columbia is awaiting the completion of a state-administered blight study for the
area, a required step for the use of eminent domain. A spokesman for the state's
development agency said the state is hoping to complete the study in June.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Additional Federal Lobbying Compliance trainings scheduled

LENGTH: 210  words

DATELINE: New York



 Manhattan: Kansas State University has issued the following news release:



   Two additional Federal Lobbying Compliance trainings will be offered Nov.
1-2. This is the same training offered in September. If you attended one of
those sessions, you do not need to come to this training.





 Under the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995, Public Law 110-81 and the Honest
Leadership and Open Government Act, Kansas State University -- which employees
an in-house lobbyist -- is subject to federal disclosure rules.



 In order to comply with the law, any Kansas State University employee intending
to communicate on behalf of or advocate for the university with a member of
Congress, federal government employee -- Schedule C and above -- and military
personnel -- pay grade 0-7 and above -- needs to attend one of the following
training sessions:



     3:30-4:30 p.m. Tuesday, Nov. 1, in Hale Library's Hemisphere Room.

     9-10 a.m. Wednesday, Nov. 2, in  Hale Library's Hemisphere Room.



 The training session will be conducted by Ed Watson, partner at Foulston
Siefkin Law Firm.



 Please direct any questions to Sue Peterson at skp@k-state.edu or 785-532-6227.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              713 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Additional Federal Lobbying Compliance trainings scheduled

LENGTH: 210  words

DATELINE: New York



 Manhattan: Kansas State University has issued the following news release:



   Two additional Federal Lobbying Compliance trainings will be offered Nov.
1-2. This is the same training offered in September. If you attended one of
those sessions, you do not need to come to this training.





 Under the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995, Public Law 110-81 and the Honest
Leadership and Open Government Act, Kansas State University -- which employees
an in-house lobbyist -- is subject to federal disclosure rules.



 In order to comply with the law, any Kansas State University employee intending
to communicate on behalf of or advocate for the university with a member of
Congress, federal government employee -- Schedule C and above -- and military
personnel -- pay grade 0-7 and above -- needs to attend one of the following
training sessions:



     3:30-4:30 p.m. Tuesday, Nov. 1, in Hale Library's Hemisphere Room.

     9-10 a.m. Wednesday, Nov. 2, in  Hale Library's Hemisphere Room.



 The training session will be conducted by Ed Watson, partner at Foulston
Siefkin Law Firm.



 Please direct any questions to Sue Peterson at skp@k-state.edu or 785-532-6227.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                          November 11, 2009 Wednesday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Editorial: 'Money, it's a gas'

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Inq Opinion & Editorial; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 471 words


Money talks louder than ever in Harrisburg, but at least citizens have a better
idea now of whose cash gets the most attention.

Three powerful industries - gambling, natural-gas drillers, and tobacco - spent
more than $4.5 million this year on lobbying in Harrisburg, The Inquirer
reported. They were largely successful, despite a recession that had state
officials scrambling to find new sources of tax revenue.

Tobacco interests spent a combined $1.5 million through Sept. 30. Reynolds
American Inc., whose subsidiary is the nation's second-largest producer of
smokeless tobacco products, spent $670,658 on lobbying.

Lo and behold, the legislature dropped proposals to tax smokeless tobacco and
cigars. Pennsylvania remains the only state without a tax on smokeless products;
new taxes were imposed on cigarillos and cigarettes.

Casino owners spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to persuade legislators to
allow table games just five years after the state legalized slots. Of course,
the two Philadelphia slots parlors have yet to even open.

And natural-gas drillers spent at least $1.6 million to lobby Harrisburg against
a severance tax on production, a proposal advocated by Gov. Rendell earlier this
year. They were successful in defeating the proposal.

The ability of such industries to pour buckets of money into the fray in
Harrisburg demonstrates how effectively groups with big war chests can make
their case in a hurry. And it's another argument for setting
campaign-contribution limits in Pennsylvania. The interests that spend bundles
on lobbying also can contribute virtually unlimited amounts of money to
individual political candidates.

The lack of campaign-finance limits in Pennsylvania puts average citizens at a
disadvantage against such powerful interests. It's one explanation for why the
legislature tried to impose a tax on arts groups this year instead of on tobacco
companies or drillers.

The good news is that the state's lobbying disclosure law, which took effect in
2007, is working relatively well. Lobbying firms must disclose their expenses
and the general topics on which they're working. For years, Pennsylvania was the
only state in the nation without such a law. Big-money lobbying took place
without much scrutiny.

The lobbying law could be improved, however. It still allows lobbyists to give
public officials gifts of less than $250 in value, or entertainment of up to
$650, without disclosing it.

And there are loopholes in disclosing who is or isn't a lobbyist. For example,
former state Supreme Court Justice Stephen Zappala served two years as executive
director of the Pennsylvania Casino Association, although the connection wasn't
disclosed until the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette reported it last month.

The lobbying picture in Harrisburg is getting clearer, even if the image isn't
very pretty.


LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 7, 2006 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

After Scandal, New Rules On Lobbying In Tennessee

BYLINE: By THEO EMERY

SECTION: Section A; Column 6; National Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 655 words

DATELINE: NASHVILLE, Feb. 6


The Tennessee Legislature passed new ethics and lobbying rules on Monday in
response to an undercover F.B.I. bribery investigation that ensnared four
lawmakers, including the uncle of a congressman.

Lawmakers approved the bill over last-minute protests from some legislators, who
said it was too weak. Gov. Phil Bredesen, a Democrat who had twice delayed his
State of the State speech while lawmakers completed the legislation, said Monday
night that he would sign it.

''This is a big stone in the foundation of restoring the public's confidence,''
Mr. Bredesen said.

The law creates an independent ethics commission, limits most wining and dining
of lawmakers, forbids lobbyists from giving directly to candidates' campaigns,
limits cash contributions to $50, and requires more detailed and more frequent
financial disclosures from candidates and elected officials.

Tennessee is one of many states tightening regulations on the relationship
between lawmakers, lobbyists and special interests. An overhaul is also expected
in Congress in response to the Jack Abramoff lobbying scandal.

The effort to adopt new ethics legislation in Tennessee began after the
authorities said an F.B.I. front company called E-Cycle Management had funneled
cash bribes to four lawmakers and a former state senator. The investigation,
called Tennessee Waltz, also led to the indictment of two men who the
authorities said arranged the payments and two county officials.

The investigation stunned the state's political establishment and spurred calls
to tighten state ethics laws, which had allowed unlimited cash contributions
from lobbyists, lavish gift giving, and spotty reporting from lawmakers and
lobbyists.

After the arrests last May, two lawmakers resigned, including John Ford, a
Democrat who is an uncle of United States Representative Harold E. Ford Jr., a
Memphis Democrat who is seeking Senator Bill Frist's seat in this fall's
election. John Ford has pleaded not guilty, and his trial has been set for
October.

The other lawmaker who resigned, Representative Chris Newton, Republican of
Cleveland, has pleaded guilty. Two sitting lawmakers, Senator Kathryn Bowers,
Democrat of Memphis, and Senator Ward Crutchfield, Democrat of Chattanooga, are
awaiting trial.

In the fall, Governor Bredesen called for a special legislative session devoted
only to ethics. Under special session rules, the Legislature could not take up
other issues until the ethics law was passed.

When the session started last month, Mr. Bredesen asked lawmakers to pass the
bill within three weeks. As the negotiations dragged on, he postponed his State
of the State speech. He is now scheduled to deliver it on Tuesday.

The investigation has continued to reverberate. On the day the session began,
Senator Jeff Miller, a Republican who has acknowledged taking money from the
F.B.I.'s front company but has not been charged, resigned his leadership
position and said he would not seek re-election.

There have also been implications for the Ford family, including John Ford's
sister, Ophelia Ford, who was narrowly elected to the Memphis seat her brother
vacated.

Ms. Ford's election came into question after a Memphis newspaper, The Commercial
appeal, reported that the names of dead people had been found among the list of
voters who cast ballots for her. Republicans have been trying to unseat her, but
she is fighting the effort in court.

Last week, lawmakers reached an impasse over an earlier ethics package. On
Friday, legislators scrapped that original proposal.

Some lawmakers protested that the bill passed Monday dropped stiffer
regulations, like a ban on cash contributions and a system for public financing
of campaigns. Senator Doug Jackson, Democrat of Dickson, said the compromise
version ''gutted the work of this Senate, and did it in secrecy.''

''The hypocrisy of it all,'' Mr. Jackson said. ''All done in secrecy. It's just
not right.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              716 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 11, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

6-month lobby price tag: $702 million

BYLINE: Jim Drinkard

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 186 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Lobbying is clearly a growth industry in Washington.
New figures compiled for the last six months of 1998 show that
companies, associations, labor unions and other interests spent
$ 702 million making their voices heard in the capital. That pushed
the total for last year to about $ 1.4 billion, up from $ 1.2 billion
in 1997.

"There are a lot more players out there than people realize,"
says Kent Cooper, whose consulting firm Public Disclosure put
together a database from public disclosure files, and posted it
on the Internet at www.tray.com.

The communication and high-tech sectors topped the list of industry
lobbying spending, with a total of $ 94.3 million over the six-month
period. Close behind were the financial and insurance sector,
with $ 91.8 million, and the health-care industry, with $ 87.5 million.

The largest corporate spender was regional telephone company Bell
Atlantic, which poured $ 11.7 million into lobbying efforts. The
U.S. Chamber of Commerce ranked second at $ 8.9 million, and tobacco
giant Philip Morris was third at $ 8.6 million.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              717 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 4, 1994, Friday, Final Edition

Deposed Md. House Leader Moves to Limit Lobbying;
Bill May Affect Man Who Helped Oust Him

Thomas Heath, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE D5

LENGTH: 536 words

DATELINE: ANNAPOLIS, Feb. 3, 1994


The deposed majority leader of the Maryland House of Delegates introduced a bill
today to slow the revolving door between lawmaking and lobbying, a move that
also could give a career headache to one of the legislators who helped oust him.

The measure would require state lawmakers to wait two years after leaving office
before they lobby state officials, according to its author, Del. D. Bruce Poole
(D-Washington).

"You cannot have a situation whereby members prepare to leave in their last year
with an eye towards lobbying -- go out the door, come back in and then lobby
their close friends," Poole said. "It smells in every way."

The lawmaker most likely to be affected is House Speaker Pro Tem Gary R.
Alexander (D-Prince George's), the second most powerful person in the House of
Delegates. Alexander, a lawyer, said he may become a lobbyist.

Alexander said he thought Poole's bill was unfair but was unsure if he would
oppose it.

"I don't think it's fair to anyone in the legislature to change [the rules of
the game] in the middle of their term," Alexander said. The law should apply to
members elected this November, a provision that would exempt him from any new
rules, he said.

Alexander, a key figure in Poole's ouster as majority leader last fall, did not
say whether he would try to kill Poole's bill. But as a House leader, he plays a
major role in assigning bills to committees, a life-or-death event in the
evolution of a bill.

The House Democratic Caucus, led by Alexander and House Speaker Casper R. Taylor
Jr. (D-Allegany), replaced Poole with Kenneth H. Masters (D-Baltimore County) as
majority leader.

Several delegates said today that the bill probably was aimed squarely at
Alexander.

"An obvious guess is that it would apply to Gary Alexander," said House Minority
Leader Ellen R. Sauerbrey (R-Baltimore County). "I'm sure there has been a
strong rivalry there."

Poole said today that the bill was "good policy," not revenge.

"Once [a lawmaker] goes out, you are going to have access on issues that other
people wouldn't have," Poole said. "You are going to be able to talk to
legislators and have their ear better than other interest groups and other
lobbyists. It's just too cozy."

Although Alexander has made no secret of his desire to become a lobbyist, he
also raised the possibility today of running again for public office in
November, even though his seat has been redistricted out of existence.

Alexander, a 12-year member of the House, has drawn the attention of several
powerful groups and firms but will not hold discussions with them. Daniel
Clements, head of the Maryland Trial Lawyers Association political action
committee, said Alexander was recommended as a prospective lobbyist.

"People have said to me that Gary would be a natural," Clements said.

Last month, the American Medical Association paid for Alexander to attend a
meeting in Palm Beach, Fla. Alexander distributed a nine-page document, printed
on his Fort Washington law firm's stationery, containing information on his
legislative experience.

Alexander said he attended the session, the only trip he has taken at the
expense of a special interest group, because Taylor declined.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              718 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           December 17, 2013 Tuesday

Santa Clara County supervisors move forward on strengthening lobbyist
regulations

BYLINE: By Eric Kurhi ekurhi@mercurynews.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 250 words


An ordinance proposed by Supervisor Cindy Chavez that would toughen up Santa
Clara County's lobbyist regulations won unanimous approval on Tuesday from the
rest of the Board of Supervisors, who directed staff to bring back a draft law
next year.

Chavez brought up the idea for an online lobbyist registration system in August,
at her first supervisors meeting since being elected in July to replace
disgraced former Supervisor George Shirakawa Jr.

While the county has an existing lobbying ordinance, it is not as stringent as
many of the other versions in at least 26 cities and counties throughout the
state, and California itself.

Santa Clara County currently requires lobbyists to identify themselves when
speaking to the board or staff in regards to county matters, and applicants for
permits, contracts or other county business must disclose "names of individuals
or firms paid $100 or more to present the petition."

Cities with lobbying ordinances include San Jose, San Francisco, Oakland,
Richmond, Milpitas and Los Angeles.

The laws vary between municipalities, with differing definitions of what
constitutes a lobbyist, a public official, and lobbying activity.

According to a staff report, models used by San Jose, San Francisco, Santa Rosa
and the state will be considered in drafting a new ordinance. The models vary,
with California's being the most complex and Santa Rosa the most streamlined,
the others falling in between.

Contact Eric Kurhi at 408-920-5852. Follow him atTwitter.com/erickurhi .

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           December 17, 2013 Tuesday

Santa Clara County supervisors move forward on strengthening lobbyist
regulations

BYLINE: By Eric Kurhi ekurhi@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; Communities; San Jose - Valley; News; Local

LENGTH: 250 words


An ordinance proposed by Supervisor Cindy Chavez that would toughen up Santa
Clara County's lobbyist regulations won unanimous approval on Tuesday from the
rest of the Board of Supervisors, who directed staff to bring back a draft law
next year.

Chavez brought up the idea for an online lobbyist registration system in August,
at her first supervisors meeting since being elected in July to replace
disgraced former Supervisor George Shirakawa Jr.

While the county has an existing lobbying ordinance, it is not as stringent as
many of the other versions in at least 26 cities and counties throughout the
state, and California itself.

Santa Clara County currently requires lobbyists to identify themselves when
speaking to the board or staff in regards to county matters, and applicants for
permits, contracts or other county business must disclose "names of individuals
or firms paid $100 or more to present the petition."

Cities with lobbying ordinances include San Jose, San Francisco, Oakland,
Richmond, Milpitas and Los Angeles.

The laws vary between municipalities, with differing definitions of what
constitutes a lobbyist, a public official, and lobbying activity.

According to a staff report, models used by San Jose, San Francisco, Santa Rosa
and the state will be considered in drafting a new ordinance. The models vary,
with California's being the most complex and Santa Rosa the most streamlined,
the others falling in between.

Contact Eric Kurhi at 408-920-5852. Follow him atTwitter.com/erickurhi .

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Telegram (Superior, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 24, 2010 Wednesday

Organizations spend millions to lobby Capitol

BYLINE: Superior Telegram, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 478 words


Feb. 24--MADISON -- No one spent more than teachers when it came to lobbying in
Madison last year, according to a report released Monday by the Wisconsin
Government Accountability Board.

The Wisconsin Education Association spent $1.5 million in 2009 lobbying state
lawmakers, nearly twice as much as the next largest spender, the Wisconsin
Insurance Alliance.

Overall, lobbying organizations reported spending $36.2 million in 2009, a 5.2
percent increase from the first half of the previous legislative session.

The 2009 report analyzes the activities of 746 lobbying principals and 750
registered lobbyists.

"Not only is Wisconsin's lobbying law strong, but information about lobbying
activities is easy to use online," said Kevin J. Kennedy, director and general
counsel of the board. "The law requires disclosure and prohibits gifts to
lawmakers. The Board's Eye on Lobbying online database allows the public to keep
track of lobbying activities at the Capitol without leaving home."

The most lobbied bill in 2009 was the AB 138, regarding appointment of the
secretary of the Natural Resources Board. Organizations reported spending 2,923
hours attempting to influence legislators on that bill.

The Top 10 Lobbying Organizations in 2009 were:

--Wisconsin Education Association, 7,239 hours, $1,511,272.

--Wisconsin Insurance Alliance, 1,427 hours, $777,430.

--Forest County Potawatomi Community, 1,492 hours, $756,512.

--Altria Client Services Inc., 1,321 hours, $755,733.

--Wisconsin Hospital Association, 5,126, $605,033.

--Wisconsin Petroleum Marketers & Convenience Store Association, 1,379,
$560,544.

--Wisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce, 4,967 hours, $508,023.

--RAI Services Company (formerly Reynolds American Inc.), 186 hours, $466,253.

--Wisconsin Independent Businesses Inc., 7,939 hours, $458,414.

--Wisconsin Energy Corporation, 1,547 hours, $387,222.

By law, any organization that lobbies state government must file reports with
the Government Accountability Board, which posts them on online in a searchable
database. Organizations report their lobbying activities two ways: real-time
reports within 15 days of when they begin to lobby on a specific bill or issue,
and six-month reports detailing the hours and dollars spent lobbying.

In Wisconsin, lobbyists are forbidden by law to give meals, entertainment or
other gifts to state lawmakers, and campaign donations are limited to specific
windows of time outside the normal legislative session.

To see more of the Superior Telegram, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.superiortelegram.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Superior Telegram, Wis.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100224-DG-Organizations-spend-millions-to-lobby-Capitol-0224

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DG


                       Copyright 2010 The Daily Telegram


                              721 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 19, 2000, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Auto Industry May Ease Safety-Ratings Stance

BYLINE: By KEITH BRADSHER

SECTION: Section C; Page 16; Column 5; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 969 words

DATELINE: DETROIT, Sept. 18


The high number of sport utility vehicles that have rolled over because of
defective Firestone tires has splintered the auto industry's once-monolithic
resistance to federal ratings of new models' tendency to roll over, increasing
the odds that such ratings will be imposed.

Regulators have been studying rollovers for 27 years, but industry lobbyists
have appealed to members of Congress from auto-producing states to block
periodic efforts to adopt rules that would address the problem. Rollovers kill
9,500 of the 41,000 Americans who die each year in crashes.

Automakers, particularly those in Detroit, earn the bulk of their profits on
sport utility vehicles and pickups, two classes of vehicles that have high rates
of rollover deaths for their occupants and are likely to fare poorly in any
safety evaluations that regulators might demand.

When regulators announced a plan last May to begin providing consumers with
ratings of the rollover tendencies of many models of cars, sport utilities,
minivans and pickup trucks, the industry immediately persuaded the Senate to
amend the regulator's budget, barring the calculation of the ratings and
mandating another study of the issue instead.

But with members of Congress now looking for ways to respond to the Firestone
tire debacle, opposition to the ratings has been eroding even within the
industry.

Michael Stanton, the top lobbyist for the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers,
the industry's main lobbying group, said through a spokeswoman this afternoon
that while the group still believed that the ratings were a bad idea, it was no
longer lobbying to stop them. Mr. Stanton predicted that Congress would allow
the ratings to be issued this autumn after all, although he added that Congress
would still probably mandate another study of the problem.

General Motors said this evening that it was nonetheless continuing its own
lobbying against the ratings, which it described as poorly designed. But
DaimlerChrysler said that it was conducting no lobbying against the ratings
separate from the alliance, while Ford, which had most of the defective
Firestone tires on its Ford Explorer sport utility vehicles, quietly dropped its
opposition to the ratings last week.

Members of the House and Senate Appropriations Committees are scheduled to meet
as soon as Wednesday to iron out differences between the two chambers'
transportation budgets. The House passed a transportation budget before the auto
industry could mount a lobbying challenge to the rollover ratings plans, which
were announced by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration on May 25.

Senator Richard Shelby, the Alabama Republican who is the chairman of the Senate
Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, has led efforts to stop the
release of the ratings. His spokeswoman, Andrea Andrews, said that the ratings
had not been adequately researched and that the senator remained opposed to
them.

DaimlerChrysler, which makes its Mercedes M-class sport utilities in Alabama,
said last month that it would build a second assembly line there to increase
production. But Ms. Andrews said that Alabama's growing sport utility production
had nothing to do with the senator's position.

"It's not a state issue, it's a national issue," she said.

Although most safety groups want the ratings adopted, a few share Senator
Shelby's concerns that the process used to assess vehicles is so flawed that it
should not be used. Consumers Union, which publishes Consumer Reports magazine
and has been pushing for federal action on rollovers since 1988, testified
against the ratings two weeks ago, saying that they were inadequate and calling
instead for federal rules that would ban the sale of vehicles that are prone to
tip over.

The regulators' plan calls for using a stability index that compares the height
of a vehicle's center of gravity to the track width between its tires. This
method makes no allowance for sophisticated vehicle stability systems, just
entering the market over the last several years, that automatically apply
anti-lock brakes very briefly to a single tire when a vehicle appears close to
tipping over. But regulators have defended their system as the best available.

But there has been growing support for ratings among Republicans who do not have
auto factories in their states or districts. Representative Billy Tauzin, the
Louisiana Republican who is leading the House investigation, has been
particularly outspoken.

"Shelby ought to pull that blocker out and we should get ratings," Mr. Tauzin
said in an interview last Thursday.

Senator John McCain, the Arizona Republican who ran unsuccessfully for the
Republican presidential nomination early this year, has used his position as
chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee to get the ratings released, too. He
wrote a letter last week to the Senate Appropriations Committee, contending that
the ratings were under his jurisdiction and should not be handled as a budget
issue.

Rollovers are the deadliest kind of crash, tending to kill or seriously injure
people not wearing seat belts, while occupants wearing seat belts tend to fare
much better.

In a little-noticed comment last Tuesday before the Senate Commerce Committee,
Jacques Nasser, Ford's chief executive and president, said that he did not
oppose the release of the ratings. Ford Explorer sports utility vehicles with
the defective Firestone tires have accounted for most of the 88 deaths in the
United States now attributed to failures of the tires.

The automaker has been fiercely criticized for not responding sooner to tire
failures on Explorers overseas. Ford has been accused by many lawmakers, and to
some extent by Firestone, of sharing responsibility for the deaths, although
Ford officials strongly deny this.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              722 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 4, 2008 Thursday

Evaluation team recommends lobbying firm

BYLINE: Emma Perez-Trevino, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 330 words


Dec. 4--The City Commission unanimously tabled action Tuesday on selection of a
lobbying firm to explore other proposals.

The evaluation team is comprised of Deputy City Manager Pete Gonzalez, airport
Director Larry Brown, BUS Director Norma H. Zamora and Planning Director Ben
Medina. The team recommended Meyers & Associates, also of Washington D.C.

The firm previously worked for the city.

Purchasing Director Roberto C. Luna said that the cost would be $8,000 a month,
and if required up to $1,000 per month in expenses.

Commissioner Carlos Cisneros wanted to know what the other firms charged and the
makeup of their lobbying team, but Luna noted that in this type of contract, the
city requests statements of qualifications and not cost proposals.

Commissioner Charlie Atkinson made a motion to select DOS Logistics Inc. because
it is from Donna, a local company.

Citing dire economic times, Mayor Pat M. Ahumada Jr. favored Murray, Montgomery
& O'Donnell, a Washington D.C. firm that has done work for the city and the
Brownsville Public Utilities Board and would charge $5,000 a month.

Atkinson, noting that representatives from DOS Logistics were present, proposed
that they be asked if they would be willing to match Meyer's fee, but his
suggestion was not addressed.

The evaluation committee's ratings had DOS Logistics in second place and Patton
Boggs LLP in third place.

"Here we are and we still haven't decided who our lobbyist is," Commissioner
Edward Camarillo said, noting the need for one.

"We need to get this thing done," Camarillo added.

To see more of The Brownsville Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.brownsvilleherald.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Brownsville Herald,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081204-BV-Evaluation-team-recommends-lobbying-firm-1204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2008 The Brownsville Herald


                              723 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 8, 2004 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

RIP, Citizen Legislator. You Are Missed in the Halls of Annapolis.

BYLINE: Tim Maloney

SECTION: Editorial; B08 , HOW I SEE IT Tim Maloney

LENGTH: 827 words


One line in Maryland Gov. Bob Ehrlich's State of the State speech last month
brought people to their feet, Democrats and Republicans alike.

Ehrlich told a cheering General Assembly that it was "a citizen legislature. It
is not Capitol Hill. It should never be Capitol Hill."

The governor spent eight years in a highly partisan Congress after spending
eight years in a highly nonpartisan Maryland legislature. Ehrlich's eight years
in Washington produced a natural longing to return to the Annapolis he had known
as a young legislator in 1987, a time when civility and bipartisanship
frequently prevailed there, and today's acrimony and gridlock were almost
unknown.

But the U.S. Capitol is only 30 miles from the Maryland capital, and for the
past decade the worst aspects of the congressional culture have been trickling
across the border.

Sixteen years ago, Alan Rosenthal  of Rutgers University, a leading expert on
state legislatures, warned of the "galloping congressionalization" of state
legislatures. He was referring to state bodies that, like Congress, have become
overly professionalized: career politicians with perpetual incumbency, an
ever-growing group of lobbyists, round-the-clock fundraising and relentless
partisanship.

Rosenthal's words were prophetic. At the time he was referring to the larger
legislatures -- California, New York, Illinois. But congressionalization has
infected Annapolis now too. Ehrlich calls the Maryland General Assembly a
citizen legislature because that is what the Founders intended it to be. The
plowman and fisherman on the state seal typified the Marylander who would lay
down his plow or net to serve in the legislature. Indeed, the original
legislative sessions coincided with the lull between harvesting and planting.

As a freshman delegate in 1987, Ehrlich was a modern version of the citizen
legislator, working at a law firm in Baltimore and legislating part-time from
January to April. But the citizen legislator is a dying breed.

In 1991 Alan Ehrenhalt, editor of Governing magazine, wrote a perceptive book,
"United States of Ambition," in which he saw the citizen legislator being
replaced by the "entrepreneurial politician," a full-time careerist. This
political careerism, which has overtaken Congress, is becoming rooted in state
legislatures too. By 1995 "full-time legislator" was the most common occupation
in the Maryland General Assembly.

In response, the lobbying industry also has grown exponentially. In 1986
lobbyists spent $6.8 million. That figure has since quadrupled, to $26.4 million
last year. The lobbying industry is creating new markets for itself in
Annapolis. Two decades ago, lobbying on procurement matters was unheard of.
Today many bidders believe they can't be successful without a lobbying presence.
That same perception exists for the regulatory process, executive budget
preparation and even appointments.

Maryland's two-party government has been a boon for the lobbyists. Many
corporations now feel compelled to have both a Republican and a Democratic
presence in Annapolis. Grass-roots phone calling, e-mailing and other mass
lobbying techniques, once seen mainly in Washington, have become a part of
Annapolis life.

Political fundraising also has grown dramatically. When Ehrlich was elected to
the legislature, races costing more than $100,000 were rare. This figure is now
the norm, particularly in the state Senate, with some races costing four times
that much. The level of spending places further demands upon the legislator's
time, hastening the arrival of a full-time legislature.

Much of this fundraising, especially direct mail, is based on carefully crafted
ideological appeals, fueling the relentless partisanship that has emerged
recently. Indeed, Ehrlich's desire for a more civil, less partisan environment
clashes with the fiery language of his own party's direct-mail onslaught.

The result of all this, of course, is gridlock. Congressionalization is
crippling Maryland's capacity to solve its most pressing problems. The budget
deficit, transportation funding and Thornton affordability are all caught up in
Washington-style partisanship.

Some traditional, nonpartisan problem-solving still exists in Maryland. The
Ehrlich administration has proposed a practical solution to repairing the
state's deteriorating sewage treatment plants. The governor's office also has
crafted a sensible plan to divert nonviolent inmates from long jail terms and to
give meaningful treatment to offenders with substance-abuse problems. Both the
House and the Senate have responsible plans for controlling tuition costs while
protecting funding for higher education.

But the more civilized Annapolis of Ehrlich's youth is probably gone forever.
The governor is discovering, as Thomas Wolfe famously wrote, that "you can't go
home again."

The writer is a lawyer and a former Democratic member of the Maryland General
Assembly. His e-mail address is tmaloney@jglaw.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              724 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           December 30, 2006 Saturday

Former mayoral aides charged with lobbying violations;
Ex-San Jose staff members accused of perjury, conspiracy over income tied to
developers, property owners

BYLINE: Sean Webby and John Woolfolk, MEDIANEWS STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 1076 words


Even before leaving office six years ago, a former aide to outgoing Mayor Ron
Gonzales began a complex and illegal scheme to hide lobbying work that made him
millions, according to court documents obtained Friday.

As early as 1999, Tony Arreola, then the mayor's deputy chief of staff, set up
his wife as the head of a corporation called Silicon Valley Strategies,
prosecutors say. Soon after leaving City Hall, they say, Arreola and another of
Gonzales' former staff members Sharanjit "Sean" Kali-Rai, went about lobbying,
then hiding the income by shunting it to the dummy business.

In one instance, the men allegedly received more than $326,000 in city funds
intended for an affordable housing project by misrepresenting why they were
paid. The criminal complaint also says a top local developer and an Arreola
relative helped Arreola conceal his activities, but it was unclear from the
allegations whether those men knew they were doing anything wrong.

The 26-page complaint accuses Arreola and Kali-Rai of conspiracy, perjury and
grand theft for allegedly failing to report lobbying activity on behalf of
developers and property owners soon after leaving City Hall.

"These former public officials were lobbying to the tune of over $2 million and
flat out ignoring the law," said Assistant District Attorney Stephen Gibbons.
San Jose's "revolving door" ordinance prohibits staffers from lobbying the city
for a year after leaving City Hall.

The charges mark the second criminal complaint filed this year over City Hall
ethics; Gonzales has been indicted on unrelated charges of conspiracy, bribery
and misuse of public funds.

Arreola and Kali-Rai, who joined Gonzales' administration after his inauguration
in 1999 and left in 2000, have maintained their innocence. Their attorney, Craig
Brown, said the complaint is based on allegations the city attorney lodged in
2004 and that a city commission later dismissed.

"This has to do with lobbying regulations that were in place at a certain time
and that the city ethics commission and the city council and the city attorney's
office decided were so vague and ambiguous as to be meaningless and
unenforceable," Brown said. "Nobody knew what they meant. Nobody knew whether
they applied at all."

But his clients now face as many as five years and four months in prison if
convicted.

Here is a closer look at the charges:

Grand theft

The grand theft charge arose out of concerns about $326,000 Arreola and Kali-Rai
were supposedly paid as a "finder's fee" for introducing the buyer and seller on
a subsidized housing project called Evans Lane. City investigators looking into
the men's lobbying activities two years ago cited concerns that the money may
have improperly come from public subsidies for the project.

Criminal investigators say that's just what happened. According to an
investigator's affidavit, developer Mark Lazzarini in February 2002 signed the
"finder's agreements" to pay $203,000 to Silicon Valley Strategies and $123,250
to Atlantic Pacific National Corp., where Kali-Rai worked as a real estate
broker.

In fact, authorities said, neither firm had anything to do with the Evans Lane
transaction.

Evans Lane seller Sal Rubino told investigators that he and Lazzarini already
knew each other and had discussed the property sale at a party without help from
Arreola, Kali-Rai, Silicon Valley Strategies or Atlantic Pacific.

Investigators found Rubino had agreed to pay Arreola to lobby city officials for
the necessary land-use changes on the project. Investigators also concluded that
the bogus "finder's fees" paid by Lazzarini came from money the city had put
toward buying the Evans Lane property.

"There is no documentation that the city approved public funds to pay for
lobbying expenses," the investigators' affidavit said, "or that the funds could
be used for that purpose."

Lazzarini, now Arreola's business partner in a firm called DAL Properties, was
unavailable for comment Friday, as was Rubino.

Prosecutors said they pieced the puzzle together after Arreola earlier this year
testified before a grand jury investigating Gonzales. In that testimony, Arreola
indicated he and Kali-Rai used "finder's agreements" to conceal lobbying work
for another company, California Waste Solutions.

Perjury

Despite allegedly working as lobbyists from 2001 onward, Arreola and Kali-Rai
didn't register a single client as required until late 2003 and early 2004,
respectively, the complaint said. But contracts, financial records and other
documents turned up in searches of the men's homes and offices showed they were
paid during that time to work with city officials on land use approvals.

When they finally registered, their sworn reports never mentioned the earlier
lobbying work and listed just one client -- Clear Channel Outdoor -- leaving
many others out, including the owners of East San Jose's Tropicana Shopping
Center and residential developer KB Homes. After a series of MediaNews articles
criticizing Arreola and other city lobbyists, the men disclosed additional
clients but continued to leave off others.

Brown said his clients "absolutely, positively" did not knowingly make false
statements when signing their registration and disclosure forms.

Conspiracy

The complaint accuses Arreola and Kali-Rai of 83 "overt acts" in which they
conspired to hide their lobbying after leaving the mayor's office. Among them:

When Arreola set up Silicon Valley Strategies in 1999, he falsely identified his
wife as its sole agent to conceal his involvement and Kali-Rai's. Arreola later
filed a city economic interest statement claiming he had no position with the
company.

In November 2000, four months after leaving City Hall, Arreola set up an
agreement worth thousands of dollars to secure an alcoholic beverage license for
a supermarket. Arreola allegedly asked his cousin, Marin Arreola, to sign the
agreement on behalf of Silicon Valley Strategies, even though Marin Arreola was
not affiliated with the lobbying firm. Prosecutors would not say whether Marin
Arreola, who at the time was president of the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, is
cooperating with the investigation; efforts to reach him Friday were
unsuccessful.

From 2001 to 2003, Arreola and Kali-Rai were paid $500,000 to represent owners
of the Tropicana Shopping Center in their fight against city seizure of the
property. The men were not registered as lobbyists during that time.

Reach Sean Webby of the San Jose Mercury News at (408) 920-5003.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 15, 2003 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Fixing Albany;
An Important Afternoon's Work

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 458 words


To walk through New York State's Capitol these days is to see a government at
rest. Legislators deserted Albany in June, departing with very, very little to
brag about after six months on the job. Only the Senate has made firm plans to
return tomorrow, maybe only for the afternoon. But even in one day, Joseph
Bruno, the majority leader, and his Republican senators could add substance to
this year's paltry record by passing a better law on the lobbying of state
agencies and agreeing to computerization of campaign finance data statewide.

Unfortunately, Mr. Bruno hasn't expressed much interest in doing anything beyond
tidying up the budget law and cleaning up toxic brownfields. If he has the will,
neither reform should be a heavy lift. He and his chamber have supported both
concepts. The Assembly has already passed both bills, so Mr. Bruno could send
them to Gov. George Pataki.

In the usual gamesmanship of Albany, Mr. Bruno and his house have passed a
different lobbying bill than the Assembly, allowing them to claim they did
something but assuring that nothing will happen. The Senate has opted for a
bogus package sponsored by Senator John Flanagan of Suffolk County that includes
a sneak attack on the Temporary State Commission on Lobbying, one of the few
agencies that monitors ethics in Albany well.

The bill also proposes a commission to investigate judicial misconduct and
recommend reforms. Here we have one of the oldest tricks in a legislature's
manual. By marrying judicial reform to lobbying reform, the Senate has found a
backdoor way to kill the whole bill since Mr. Bruno knows Assembly Speaker
Sheldon Silver will not accept a judicial investigation targeted at Democrats in
Brooklyn and Queens.

Mr. Bruno should go back to his original support of reinforcing the state's
lobbying laws. Every month his dallying looks more unconscionable as word of the
inner workings of the state's secretive government seeps out to the public. Most
recently, The New York Times surveyed how unfairly one of the governor's phantom
agencies parceled out federal money to businesses that suffered after Sept. 11.
The survey found that investment dealers and lawyers managed to harvest a large
share because the Empire State Development Corporation skewed the rules.

How businesses and their agents lobbied for these millions is a mystery since
there is currently no law that requires anyone to disclose money spent trying to
influence state contracts. Mr. Bruno has called his troops back for only one
day, but one day is plenty of time to make New York State's phantom government
more transparent and more responsive to the citizens it is supposed to serve.

Fixing Albany: Editorials in this series remain online at nytimes.com/albany.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial; Series

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              726 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                August 21, 2016

Many lobbyists ducking new rules

BYLINE: John Carroll

LENGTH: 838 words



HIGHLIGHT: The one-year-old law has to be reviewed with four key factors in
mind, writes John Carroll


There will be no cake, but on September 1, the Regulation of Lobbying Act will
celebrate its first birthday. Despite only occasional media interest, it has
been a fairly successful year.

If you visit lobbying.ie, you can review more than 4,500 returns published by
almost 1,400 organisations. It is a meaningful window into who is lobbying our
ministers, TDs, senators, councillors, MEPs and senior public servants in order
to influence policy, legislation, expenditure and/or planning.

Within the act, there is a requirement for a statutory review at its first
anniversary, and then every three years thereafter. This useful provision should
ensure that the legislation is kept relevant. In the context of the first
review, there are four important issues that must be considered.

Firstly, compliance from some professions is patchy. The creation of a
regulatory burden is rarely welcomed, but this was not the case with the
Lobbying Act. As the professional body for communications practitioners, the
Public Relations Institute of Ireland (PRII) has sought to play a positive role
in relation to this act.

We have put a major focus on educating our members on the legislation and as a
result, our members have been to the fore in promoting early compliance. Any
lobbying register analysis will confirm this.

As the people concerned with reputation, public relations professionals
understand the essential need to actively comply with this legislation. The
potential minor downside of reporting a lobbying activity is nothing compared to
the impact of a news report that an organisation has been non-compliant or even
just potentially non-compliant.

Such a story will damage an organisation's reputation and, over time, undermine
its ability to influence public policy.

Unfortunately others, in particular the legal profession and management
consultants, do not appear to share this approach. You must search the register
in quite some detail before you come across the limited returns from those
sectors. The culture of 'if you can find a reason to avoid reporting, then avoid
reporting' seems to be in vogue.

That approach has been aided by the last government's decision not to give the
lobbying regulator, the Standards Commission, power of investigation and
enforcement from the very start.

Minister Paschal Donohoe has announced that the Standards Commission will have
those powers from January 1. Using the opportunity of the review, the Standards
Commission should be scrutinising those sectors that appear to be demonstrating
a low level of returns and making certain that a compliance culture is in place
from all.

Legislative amendments are also required. Confusion exists as to whether
lobbying that takes place abroad is covered; the Standards Commission has not
offered definitive advice on this.

There should be no ambiguity; a meeting with a minister in Boston, Brussels or
Berlin should have the exact same reporting requirements as one in Ballina.

This confusion just creates an incentive for the unscrupulous to carrying out
lobbying activity overseas to avoid reporting. Britain also has lobbying
legislation and its legislation states: "It does not matter whether the person
to whom the communication is made, or the person making it, or both, are outside
the United Kingdom when the communication is made."

That needs to be replicated here. While organisations with no Irish exposure may
ignore such a provision, it will ensure unscrupulous operators here will not be
able to exploit this loophole.

Moving from that, the requirement to report the lobbying of MEPs needs to be
removed. In theory, if you lobby an Irish MEP, then it must be reported. There
is no distinction between lobbying on a domestic or European matter; all must be
reported. Nor does it matter whether you are an Irish organisation doing the
lobbying, or from any other member state; all must report equally.

The practice tells a different tale. As of July 31, there were 262 Irish MEP
lobbying activities reported. However, only 11 of those were reported by
organisations that did not have some meaningful Irish presence. That is
difficult to understand.

There is already a European lobbying register and we are the only member state
to also require reporting of MEP lobbying on a national register. Even if the
overseas issue is clarified, it will just have a limited impact in this area as
only Irish organisations and a handful of others will comply.

Finally, the legislation is perverse; all the legal requirements are imposed on
the lobbyists, not the person being lobbied.

It must be remembered that it is the latter who is the decision-maker and has
all the power; the lobbyist has only the force of their argument.Therefore, the
public official should be required to review the lobbying returns and bring to
the Standards Commission's attention any issues. After all, who is better able
to tell if lobbying happened or not than the person being lobbied?

John Carroll is chief executive of the Public Relations Institute of Ireland

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 5, 2004 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

SILVER TO PAY FOR TICKETS IN LOBBYING FLAP

BYLINE: BY JOE MAHONEY DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 209 words


ALBANY - Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver said yesterday he'll cover the cost of
baseball tickets handed out at last week's Democratic convention after the
corporate-funded giveaway came under scrutiny.

The state Lobbying Commission began looking into the perk after the Daily News
reported that Silver gave some New York delegates tickets to a Yankees-Red Sox
game that had been provided free by KeySpan.

Because KeySpan frequently lobbies the state, the commission is probing whether
the giveaway could be seen as an illegal gift to a public official.

The estimated 70 tickets were worth $27 each, for a total of about $1,900.

But a Lobbying Commission source said the probe will continue. "You can't unring
the bell," a source said. "The law Speaker Silver helped to pass says the
offering of a gift is a violation."

KeySpan said it broke no laws.

Silver aide Eileen Larabee said tickets went to "specific individuals," not
directly to the speaker, who chaired the New York delegation. Silver "knew
specific individuals were interested in going to the game and he connected
them," Larabee said.

Although Larabee said last week Citigroup also handed out tickets, that was not
the case, she and a company spokeswoman said yesterday.

jmahoney@edit.nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                              728 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             April 24, 2012 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

biz briefs

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 602 words


Stocks slide on Europe worries

The Dutch government collapsed Monday, a day after French President Nicolas
Sarkozy lost the first round of that country's presidential election.

Europe's major stock markets plunged. In the U.S., the Dow Jones industrial
average lost 102.09 points.

THE MORNING LINE

Appendectomy prices vary widely

CHICAGO -- What do hospitals charge to remove an appendix? The startling answer
is that it could be the same as the price of a refrigerator -- or a house.

A California study found huge disparities in patients' bills -- $1,500 to
$180,000, with an average of $33,000. The disparities are partly explained by
differences among patients and where they were treated. But the researchers
could find no explanation for about one-third of the cost differences.

Facebook buys AOL patents

New york -- Facebook is buying about 650 of the 925 AOL patents and patent
applications that Microsoft bought, Microsoft and Facebook said Monday. Facebook
also will get a license to use the rest of the AOL Inc. patents that Microsoft
bought. Similarly, Microsoft Corp. will get a license to use the patents
Facebook is buying.

Nestle buys baby formula line

LONDON -- The Swiss food giant Nestle agreed Monday to buy Pfizer's infant
nutrition business for $11.9 billion, as it expands its global presence in the
baby food market. The deal will help Nestle tap into the growth of the emerging
markets and allow Pfizer, the world's largest drug company, to focus on
developing prescription drugs.

Google lobbying tops $5 million

mountain view, calif. -- Google's U.S. lobbying bill more than tripled to $5
million during the first three months of the year amid increased government
scrutiny of the Internet search leader's business and privacy practices. The
first-quarter expenses for lobbying are by far the most Google has rung up for
any three-month period since it opened a Washington lobbying office seven years
ago. In the same period of 2011, Google spent $1.48 million lobbying.

EARNINGS

From January to March, America's third-largest oil company, ConocoPhillips,
reported earnings of $2.94 billion, compared with $3.03 billion in 2011, a drop
of 3 percent.

Toymaker Hasbro Inc. posted a first-quarter loss on Monday, weighed down by
costs related to staff cuts and weak sales of girls toys. The Pawtucket, R.I.,
company lost $2.6 million for the period ended April 1. A year ago, it reported
net income of $17.2 million.

Netflix suffered its first quarterly loss in seven years as it dealt with rising
licensing fees and the tab for an international expansion. It lost $4.6 million
during the quarter, compared with net income of $60 million during the same time
last year. Revenue climbed 21 percent from last year to $870 million.

local & state

Do Not Call free for Floridians

TALLAHASSEE -- Subscribing to Florida's Do Not Call Program is now free, Florida
Agriculture Commissioner Adam Putnam said Monday. Floridians who do not wish to
receive sales calls may subscribe residential, mobile or paging device telephone
numbers to the program at www.fldnc.com. The $10 fee for a new subscription and
$5 renewal was removed this year.

Mandatory meetings for jobless

About 19,000 long-term unemployed Palm Beach County workers are getting letters
about a mandatory meeting with Workforce Alliance, the county's state-chartered
organization that aids employers and job seekers. A federal requirement, those
with an appointment must bring proof of their job search and may be referred for
training. Workforce Alliance said local centers have 445 appointments set for
next week.

-- Palm Beach Post staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            August 5, 2009 Wednesday

Heightened focus on compliance captures more lobbying activities

BYLINE: By Jim Snyder and Silla Brush

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 846 words


The push in Congress to pass major healthcare, energy and financial-services
legislation is one reason some companies are spending more on lobbying this
year. Here's another: the threat of jail time. A new lobbying and ethics law
that went into effect in January 2008 didn't change the definition of what
constitutes lobbying. But the law, which Congress passed in the wake of the Jack
Abramoff lobbying scandal, did raise the penalties for not reporting activities
that should be disclosed.

Ethics experts say that more companies and K Street firms are playing it safe
and reporting activities that before might not have been included in their
lobbying revenue reports filed to Congress. Kenneth Gross, an ethics lawyer at
Skadden Arps, said the definition of lobbying did not change "one iota" under
the new law, formally known as the Honest Leadership and Open Government Act.
But the deterrent for hiding lobbying activity was a fine not to exceed $50,000,
a veritable slap on the wrist for the well-heeled K Street crowd. The penalties
now include a $200,000 fine and a maximum of five years in jail. "Due to higher
awareness and potential for greater penalties, anecdotally it appears that
reporting has improved," Gross said. As one industry lobbyist put it: "If you
are audited and they find some miscalculations, there are criminal penalties.
There's nothing like a hanging to get people to focus." The sluggish economy is
still a drag on K Street revenues. According to The Hill's survey of lobbying
revenue totals, 13 of the top 25 firms reported weaker numbers during the first
half of this year compared to the first six months of 2008. But several
companies and large trade associations reported spending more on lobbying this
year with sweeping policy reforms on the table in Congress. AEP, a large utility
based in Columbus, Ohio, reported spending $4.6 million so far in 2009 versus
$3.3 million at the same point a year ago. That's not surprising, given that the
climate bill the administration backs and the House passed recently has the
potential to rearrange the nation's energy mix by placing a cap on carbon
dioxide. But Melissa McHenry, a spokeswoman for the company, said the increase
also reflects the fact that lobbying and legal firms AEP keeps on retainer are
tallying activities they weren't necessarily in the past, like the time it takes
a lawyer to review a lobbying strategy document. "Lobbyists and lobbying firms
have paid more attention to the lobbying laws since it went into effect," said
Jan Baran, an elections law expert at Wiley Rein. "I think that is a function of
not just the potential for enforcement but the fact that there are more reports
and more information that has to be filed more often. And they have to
demonstrate to their clients that they are complying to the law." The Lobbying
Disclosure Act defines lobbying activities beyond briefing members and staff
about an issue. Participating in the development of lobbying strategy, helping
to select a lobbying firm and researching background information can all count
as lobbying. Since the Abramoff scandal shone a brighter spotlight on the
industry, and with the adoption of the new lobbying law, K Street firms and
companies have made a greater effort to comply with the law, Gross said. "Not a
week goes by when I don't make a presentation, in public or in private, about
compliance," Gross said. It's still unclear, however, whether lobbyists really
have much to worry about. If companies and firms were a bit lax about complying
with the new law, the Justice Department didn't seem to take enforcing all that
seriously either. Reportedly, only a few cases have been prosecuted. The Senate
Office of Public Records has sent 1,736 potential violations of the lobbying law
to the Justice Department, which has yet to announce any fines or settlements.
Gross said the overwhelming majority of the violations are probably of a
technical nature, and not serious, although filers have 60 days to fix mistakes
on their reports before the case is referred to Justice. The Honest Leadership
and Open Government Act required for the first time the disclosure of the number
of referrals to the Justice Department. The Government Accountability Office
(GAO) in a March audit of lobbying reports said that the vast majority of
registered lobbyists maintain invoices or contracts that document official
reports. However, GAO estimated that about 6 percent of all reports contain
errors related to the listed income or expenses. GAO also found that on
two-thirds of the reports it audited, lobbyists could not provide documentation
regarding at least one of seven different types of information that are listed.
The GAO looked at expenses, income, lobbyists who held covered positions,
foreign entities with interest in the client, individuals no longer lobbying on
behalf of a client and member organizations of a coalition or association that
lobbed on behalf of the client. The law does not require that lobbyists maintain
documentation but recommends that they do for six years.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2009 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                              July 17, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Drug lobby forks out a fortune;
Pharmaceutical industry outspends all others in bid to get its way in Washington

BYLINE: ALISON LAPP The Herald-Sun Washington bureau

SECTION: DURHAM; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 880  words


WASHINGTON -- From blocking foreign drug imports to reducing federal
regulations, the drug industry is intent on getting its way in Washington -- and
nobody spends more to do it, says a nonpartisan research group.

Pharmaceutical and health care products companies and associations spent over
$675 million -- more than any other single industry -- on federal lobbying
between 1998 and 2004, said a report released recently by the Center for Public
Integrity. The insurance industry was second, with $597 million spent.

GlaxoSmithKline, which has corporate offices in Research Triangle Park, ranks
fourth among major pharmaceutical companies in lobbying expenditures, spending
$32.4 million, according to the study.

A string of victories

Roberta Baskin, the center's executive director, said the lobbying has
translated into a series of legislative victories for drug companies, including
the landmark reform of Medicare in 2003 and speedier Food and Drug
Administration approval for new prescription medication.

"The lack of effective cost containment or price controls for prescription drugs
in the Medicare Modernization Act [of 2003] reflects the strength of the
pharmaceutical lobby," said Helen Savage of the North Carolina state office of
the AARP in Raleigh.

She said the new system, which starting next year offers a dizzying menu of
possible health care providers, may wind up hurting Medicare patients. Savage
would have preferred that senior citizens have access to advice on the best and
most affordable coverage for their individual needs. She said drug companies may
benefit from seniors' confusion.

In defense of lobbying

"That's an unfair criticism of the industry" to blame lobbying activities for
high drug prices, said Patricia Seif, spokeswoman for GlaxoSmithKline. "We're
involved in issues that go well beyond just price. We look at issues that
pertain to public health and safety and that pertain to us as a publicly held
company operating in this country."

She said she couldn't give a precise breakdown on where the company's lobbying
money is spent.

But, she said, "We've always been concerned about the safety of importing
medicine. We're interested in issues that pertain to protecting the safety of
patients."

The company believes in fair pricing of products and other issues that affect
its business, Seif said of the need to spend lobbying dollars.

"It's clear that a strong pharmaceutical industry helps this country. We provide
jobs and the research and innovation that produces drugs to help people live
longer and better lives," she said.

In a written statement, Ken Johnson, senior vice president of the Pharmaceutical
Research and Manufacturers of America, said the Center for Public Integrity
study "is clearly biased and one-sided" against an industry that spent $38.8
billion in 2004 discovering and developing new medicines and seeking new cures.

"Without question, the innovation of our companies has been helped over the
years by wise and responsible government policies that have contributed to a
healthy, competitive industry. Today's regulations and laws encourage companies
to take risks as they pursue cutting-edge research," Johnson said.

The political factor

According to the study, the pharmaceutical companies also try to influence
policy with campaign contributions. During the 2004 election cycle,
GlaxoSmithKline was one of the industry's top contributors, donating more than
$1 million.

When campaign contributions and lobbying expenses are combined, the insurance
industry was the No. 1 spender, with more than $850 million, followed by
pharmaceuticals at $818 million.

Other top spenders were the oil and gas industry, spending $520 million on
lobbying and contributions, and tobacco, spending about $250 million on both.

Since 1998, drug companies have given $143 million to political campaigns from
the state to the federal level, with almost 65 percent of that going to
Republicans, the report said.

Sen. Richard Burr, R-N.C., has been one of the top five recipients of drug
company money over the seven years studied, receiving $334,402 from
pharmaceutical companies and their employees.

Burr voted to revamp Medicare and against a bill in 2003 that would have
permitted importing cheaper drugs from abroad.

"The Medicare bill expanded coverage for North Carolina beneficiaries," said
Christopher Joyner, Burr's policy director. "It was their well-being he had in
mind when he cast his vote."

Joyner said that besides the controversial prescription drug benefit, the bill
included a rural health care package and new preventative medicine benefits.

Revolving door

Part of the pharmaceutical industry's lobbying success relies on the "revolving
door" of federal officials who become lobbyists and vice versa, Baskin said.
One-third of the 3,000 lobbyists employed by the industry since 1998 have been
former federal employees, she said.

Among them was Republican Lauch Faircloth, who lost his Senate seat in 1998 to
John Edwards and took a job with Abbott Laboratories in 2002.

Savage said the rising cost of medication is affecting low- and middle-income
seniors in North Carolina, and elected officials need to address their concerns.

"Are people in North Carolina still very worried about the cost of prescription
drugs?" she asked. "Absolutely."

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 The Durham Herald Co.


                              731 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Herald & Review (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 25, 2007 Thursday

City council approves money to hire state lobbyist

BYLINE: Mike Frazier, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


Jan. 25--DECATUR -- The Decatur City Council on Monday approved spending $60,000
for a Springfield group to lobby on behalf of the city and the region.

About $30,000 will go to Illinois Strategies, a Springfield lobbying firm, to
work on behalf of the city.

Another $30,000 will go to the Greater Decatur Chamber of Commerce for its
regional development effort called PARAGON, short for Politically Active
Regional Approach to Government & Organizational Networking.

The city's funds will help pay for a contract the Chamber has with Illinois
Strategies.

Other taxing bodies represented by PARAGON also will be asked to contribute
financially toward lobbying efforts, which could cost $60,000 to $75,000 this
year.

Mayor Paul Osborne voiced strong support for hiring the lobbying firm.

"Of course, some people say when you have state representatives, why do you need
a lobbyist," Osborne said. "That's just the nature of what's going on in
Springfield.

"It's going to benefit the city. I've certainly always been in favor of this.
You have to be at the table in order to get these projects."

Councilman Michael Carrigan said lobbying efforts for the city should reflect
top community goals identified by the council. Councilman Dan Caulkins said it's
important for the city to receive regular reports about the efforts of the
lobbying group.

Lobbyists will complement the work of Springfield lawmakers to move the
community's agenda forward, Chamber President Randy Prince said last week.

"We're trying to support our legislators," Prince said. "We're not trying to
upstage them."

More than 50 communities throughout the state already employ lobbyists, Prince
said. They range in size from Chicago to Taylorville and Rantoul, he added.

Illinois Strategies is well-connected on both sides of the political aisle,
supporters say. Julie Curry serves as vice president of the lobbying group.
Curry served as deputy chief of staff for Gov. Rod Blagojevich and as a
Democratic state representative for the 101st state House District.

"(Curry) represented this area and has strong ties to the governor and others in
power," Osborne said. "It's a real bonus for the city of Decatur to have her
representing us."

Mike Frazier can be reached at mfrazier@herald-review.com or 421-7985.

Copyright (c) 2007, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070125-HV-0125-City-council-approves-money-to-hire-state-lobbyist

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HV


                         Copyright 2007 Herald & Review


                              732 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                  September 21, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition

SPECIAL INTERESTS; Litigator to Lead Family Research Council

Judy Sarasohn

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A33; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 850 words


Trial lawyers as a group have become a critical pillar of the Democratic Party
and its fundraising machine--but don't tell that to the conservative Family
Research Council.

The national advocacy group has named Tallahassee trial lawyer Kenneth L. Connor
as its new president, after a lengthy search since former president Gary Bauer
took off for his bid--ultimately unsuccessful--for the Republican presidential
nomination. Connor specialized in litigation against nursing homes for abuse and
neglect of the elderly.

No, the council hasn't made a sharp left turn. Connor is a Republican who ran
for the gubernatorial nomination in 1994 (the GOP winner, who eventually became
governor, was Jeb Bush) and an outspoken opponent of abortion.

A spokeswoman said Connor is used to "working on issues left and right." He was
traveling yesterday and could not be reached for comment.


Top Shop? It Depends Who's Counting

Influence, a publication of Legal Times, yesterday reported its first "Influence
25" survey ranking Washington law firms and lobby shops by their 1999 lobbying
revenue--and causing a bit of a dust-up.

Although Legal Times has previously ranked lobbying practices by the amount of
lobbying fees disclosed to Congress, this survey also asked about revenue from
lobbying on behalf of foreign governments; state and local lobbying; strategic
advice, grass-roots and public relations campaigns; and some other activities.
"The aim," Legal Times editor in chief Richard Barbieri said, "was to present a
more complete picture of the lobbying marketplace in Washington."

Patton Boggs, the law firm widely known for its lobbying, came in No. 1 in the
report's ranking of the top 25. The firm, which represents the Association of
Trial Lawyers of America, among others, reported $ 35.8 million in lobbying
revenue for 1999, including $ 18.1 million reported under the Lobbying
Disclosure Act.

No. 2 and No. 3 were also law firms: Verner, Liipfert, Bernhard, McPherson and
Hand, with $ 33 million in lobbying revenue; and Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer &
Feld, with $ 30 million.

Lobby shop Cassidy & Associates, which was No. 1 last year in Legal Times's
survey, came in No. 4, with $ 24.5 million, of which $ 20.6 million was reported
under LDA. The folks at Cassidy were none too pleased.

Cassidy, a subsidiary of the former Cassidy Cos., now Shandwick Washington, felt
that all of its related entities--including Boland & Madigan and Powell
Tate--should have been counted as one--for a total of nearly $ 40 million.

"We pioneered an integrated approach to public affairs. We branded them
separately, but we built them under one roof," said James Fabiani, president of
Shandwick Washington and chairman and chief executive of Cassidy & Associates.
"There's not a doubt in my mind that we're the largest and most effective."

Fabiani also complained about the methodology, saying that only the lobbying act
revenue is verifiable.

Influence's report noted that the related Cassidy companies were registered
individually under the act, and said: "Increasingly, advertising and public
relations conglomerates are acquiring K Street shops, blurring the divisions
between ancillary disciplines. So as a baseline, we chose to define firms as
they identify themselves on LDA forms."

"We know Shandwick Washington is a major player," Barbieri said. "We felt we
needed to stick to a bright-line rule."


From First Lady to a Presidency

In case you didn't notice that Maggie Williams, Hillary Rodham Clinton's former
chief of staff, had returned from her sojourn overseas, she's back in town and
in the spin.

Williams is president of Fenton Communications, a public interest communications
shop. David Fenton has become chairman, focusing on "creative and strategic
planning" and business development. Earlier, Williams worked for the Children's
Defense Fund, the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities and Sen. Robert G.
Torricelli (D-N.J.).

"I wanted to continue working in the public interest," Williams said. As for
working on Clinton's Senate campaign in New York, Williams says her role is
"being a friend," putting "in my two cents when I want."


Moving In, Up and On

Bonnie P. Hogue, a senior policy adviser for the Senate Democratic Policy
Committee, where she specialized in health care and aging issues, has joined the
Alzheimer's Association as director of federal and state policy issues,
succeeding Judith Riggs, who moves up to deputy to the vice president for public
policy.

After a brief spin through the Mortgage Bankers Association, grass-roots
specialist Don Thoren moves on to SWR Worldwide, a bipartisan opinion research
firm. He is currently vice president of the National Association of Business
Political Action Committees.


The Benefits of Brevity

The Association of Private Pension and Welfare Plans has always been a mouthful
to say, and the name is a bit dated. So the trade association of companies that
sponsor or administer retirement and health plans decided to reinvent itself as
the American Benefits Council.


LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              733 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                              June 28, 2009 Sunday

Adviser has tie to drilling

BYLINE: JEREMY WALLACE H-T Political Writer

SECTION: A; ARTICLE; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1034 words


Florida looked to have the ultimate ace in the hole on oil drilling.

When President Barack Obama named Florida native Carol Browner the Assistant to
the President for Energy and Climate Change, groups opposed to oil drilling in
the waters off Florida rejoiced.

But Browner's role as Obama's top adviser on major environmental issues could be
clouded by her husband's past job as chief lobbyist for the group behind the
latest push for more oil drilling off Florida's coast.

Thomas Downey, Browner's husband, was the lead lobbyist last year for Securing
America's Future Energy, which paid Downey's firm about $150,000 in 2008. Over
three years, SAFE has paid Downey's firm about $330,000, lobbying records show.

Downey has also represented other big oil companies, among them Chevron and the
Mobil Corp., according to federal lobbying records.

SAFE was specifically cited by Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-North Dakota, two weeks ago
on the floor of the Senate for helping him write an amendment that would allow
drilling off the coast of Florida.

Dorgan's amendment passed, and is part of the larger energy bill expected to go
to the full Senate later this year despite vehement opposition from Sen. Bill
Nelson, D-Florida.

"The politics of energy policy is evolving," said Jonathan Grella, senior vice
president for SAFE.

Grella said many thought with Republicans out of control in Washington that
drilling proponents would struggle to be heard. Instead, the latest drilling
measure is the strongest ever to open Florida's gulf coast.

Downey no longer represents SAFE or other energy-related groups to avoid the
appearance of a conflict of interest, but questions remain about whether those
past connections could influence Browner.

Repeated attempts to reach Browner and Downey for comment were unsuccessful.

White House spokeswoman Gannet Tseggai said Browner has never represented SAFE
herself.

"Since she has taken her position in the Obama administration, her husband has
severed all ties and no longer represents them," Tseggai said.

Grella verified that Downey no longer does any lobbying work for his
organization.

He said Downey did not work at all on the latest drilling proposal before he
left. He sidestepped questions about whether Browner's relationship with Downey
would help his group.

Instead, Grella said SAFE is counting on Obama to be open to the prospects of
drilling because of the need to reduce the nation's dependence on foreign oil.

Her husband's lobbying role is not Browner's only connection to pro-drilling
forces. In 2007, while working for a lobbying firm called the Albright Group,
Browner donated $2,000 to a re-election campaign for Dorgan, who served in the
U.S. House with Downey in the late 1980s where they both were on the Ways and
Means Committee.

Dorgan has become the lead Democrat in support of more drilling off Florida's
coast.

The legislation he proposed would allow drilling as close as 10 miles to the
coast near the Florida Panhandle, and 45 miles along most of the rest of the
Gulf Coast.

"I am not interested in putting oil wells right off their beaches," Dorgan said
in his speech earlier this month. "That is not the point. My point is, if we are
going to have an energy bill that solves America's energy problem by making us
less dependent on foreign energy and especially foreign oil, then we ought to do
something of everything to make that happen. Does it include drilling and
additional production? The answer is yes."

Florida's Sen. Bill Nelson has vowed to fight the legislation, even promising to
stage a filibuster to stop it if need be.

Yet even his staffers acknowledges it could be hard to sustain a filibuster
because of the shifting politics on oil drilling. As gas prices increase,
moderate Republicans and Democrats from non-coastal states are feeling more
pressure to support more oil drilling.

Grella said the progress his group has made in Congress shows that Democrats are
increasingly joining with Republicans in Congress to support more drilling out
of concern over prices and the nation's overdependence on foreign oil.

The shifting momentum makes Browner's role that much more critical to
environmental groups who are hoping she will be the final protection against
drilling should Dorgan's legislation make it to the President's desk.

Environmental groups are well aware of Downey's past associations but are still
counting on Browner to remain true to her anti-drilling roots.

"Her green convictions run very, very deep," said Mark Ferrulo, executive
director of Progress Florida, a leading group opposed to oil drilling near
Florida coastline.

Ferrulo said Browner has been too good an ally in fighting oil drilling to
switch allegiances now.

Browner, born in Miami, headed the Environmental Protection Agency under former
President Bill Clinton and was the top environmental policy adviser for Al Gore
when he was in the Senate. And it was Browner who in the late 1980s was key to
getting a federal moratorium on oil drilling off Florida's coast passed while
she was working for then-Sen. Lawton Chiles.

When Chiles was elected governor in 1990, he named Browner, who was 35 at the
time, head of the Florida Department of Environmental Regulation.

"It hasn't been a cause of concern for me," Ferrulo said about Browner's
husband's background.

What is not in question is how big a role Browner is expected to play in
crafting national energy policy. Look no further than Obama's own words when he
appointed Browner to her new post.

"She will be indispensable in implementing an ambitious and complex energy
policy," Obama said in December.

Jeremy Wallace can be reached at 361-4966 or jeremy.wallace@heraldtribune.com

FAX BOX

CAROL M. BROWNER

Assistant to the President for Energy and Climate Change

Age: 53

Hometown: Miami

Family: Married since 2007 to Thomas Downey, former U.S. representative from New
York (1975-93).

Past positions

2007 - Chair of the Audobon Society

2000 - Worked for the Albright Group, a consulting firm in Washington, D.C.

1993 - Named head of the Environmental Protection Agency

1990 - Appointed by Gov. Lawton Chiles to lead the Department of Environmental
Regulation.

1988 - Legislative aide to Sen. Al Gore

1986 - Legislative aide to Sen. Lawton Chiles.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                          September 5, 2012 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Masiello drops run for Democratic chief;
Withdraws candidacy for county chairman, cites potential conflict with lobbying
firm

BYLINE: By Robert J. McCarthy - NEWS POLITICAL REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 519 words


CHARLOTTE, N.C. ? Former Buffalo Mayor Anthony M. Masiello said Tuesday that he
will not run for the chairmanship of the Erie County Democratic Party. He had
been Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo's choice to lead upstate New York's largest
concentration of Democrats.

The former mayor had emerged in the past several months as a quiet candidate to
replace outgoing Chairman Leonard R. Lenihan and had openly declared his
candidacy to Amherst Democrats last week.

But since Masiello is president of the lobbying firm of Masiello, Martoche,
Calabrese and Associates, questions had risen about potential conflicts of
interest generated by his lobbying Republican lawmakers while also recruiting
candidates to run against them.

Masiello said he reached his decision after weekend consultations with his
family, friends and supporters.

"This decision is in the best interests of my family and our firm," he said.
"Our firm has a growing list of clients, and this decision will allow me to
continue to deliver the results our clients need."

He said he was grateful to Cuomo for "his understanding and acceptance of my
decision."

Masiello had emerged as a major contender for the position because Cuomo's top
political operatives had engineered Lenihan's departure in the first place. The
outgoing chairman had never been close to the new governor, and party officials
had worked hard as far back as early 2011 to replace him with someone able to
unite the often-warring factions of the party.

But while Masiello was favored by Cuomo, the governor was encountering stiff
opposition, especially from suburban town chairmen, who bristled at his
"interference." In addition, The Buffalo News reported last month that County
Executive Mark C. Poloncarz, who has indicated his desire to weigh in on the
process, had told Masiello he preferred a younger candidate.

Poloncarz said Tuesday while attending the Democratic National Convention in
Charlotte that he will announce his choice next week. Many sources say he favors
Jeremy J. Zellner, chief of staff of the County Legislature and a former top
aide to Lenihan. But the county executive has not officially weighed in on the
subject.

Other announced contenders include Frank C. Max Jr., party chairman in
Cheektowaga; James J. Eagan, a financial executive and a commissioner of the
Niagara Frontier Transportation Authority; and Marc C. Panepinto, a Buffalo
attorney.

But delegates attending the convention here say they still would not be
surprised to see another candidate enter the competition, with several
indicating the possible interest of lobbyist Jack O'Donnell, an Erie County
Water Authority commissioner.

While Masiello had encountered opposition in some quarters, he was still
considered a top contender by virtue of the governor's support. But close
associates say the former mayor has expressed disappointment that the local
Democrats have not honored the wishes of the governor.

Mixing his political and professional duties was also seen as a problem among
some, including at least one NFTA commissioner, Henry M. Sloma, who publicly
questioned the move.

email: rmccarthy@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Anthony Masiello had been Cuomo's choice.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   August 14, 1996, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Hob-nobbing the GOP Businesses mine convention bonanza Lobbyists make a
grass-roots campaign effort

BYLINE: David J. Lynch

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1531 words

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO


SAN DIEGO -- It's only 7:30 a.m., but the California sun already
is warming the Quality Resort hotel patio. Midway through a bran
muffin, Gary Sharp sips coffee and makes small talk with a group
of Republican National Convention delegates from Tennessee. "Just
another day at the office," he says with a smile.

Indeed, he may look like just another vacationing Easterner. But
Sharp, a regional lobbyist for AT&T, is hard at work. The
telecommunications giant wants to enter the $ 90 billion-a-year
local phone business. And in its battle with the regional phone
companies, including BellSouth in Tennessee, it will need plenty
of help from state politicians.

That's why Sharp, 50, has been chatting, feeding and golfing with
delegates from across the Volunteer state. Casual conversations
today can pay off in political influence tomorrow. Earlier this
year, AT&T reorganized its lobbying along regional lines,
making the Memphis native its Tennessee field general. "Like
any business that's got a product to sell, we're here with our
customers," Sharp says.


Lobbying conjures images of smooth-talking glad-handers moving
and shaking with national political leaders. And plenty of that
is occurring here. But as political power moves away from Washington,
corporations are paying greater attention to less well-known state
and local figures -- what another AT&T lobbyist calls "influentials."

The conventions represent attractive lobbying forums for at least
two reasons. Just about every significant player in the Republican
Party is here. Convention delegations generally include top federal
lawmakers as well as key players from each state. And the congressional
ethics panels have exempted convention activities from tough new
limits on gift giving. That means companies can offer lawmakers
food, drink and entertainment barred as gifts in Washington.

Of course, AT&T isn't alone in using the Republican National
Convention as a lobbying venue. Corporate America is pouring record
sums into the quadrennial political gatherings of both major parties.
To help fund the Republican convention, San Diego's host committee
raised about $ 12 million in corporate cash. About four dozen corporations
gave more than $ 100,000 each. The pattern will be much the same
later this month when the Democrats hold their convention in Chicago.

For corporate lobbyists and the lawmakers and legislative aides
they seek to influence, the past week has been a blur of luncheons,
dinners, golf outings and boat rides. Among the dozens in attendance:
Pacific Telesis, Eli Lilly, Chrysler, Lockheed Martin and United
Airlines.

"It's a fat-cat fest. It's not a political convention," says
Ellen Miller of the Center for Responsive Politics, a nonpartisan
research group. "The parties and other events cement the already
too-close relations that economic interests have over lawmakers."

Food, glorious food

The companies say they are simply taking advantage of a large
gathering of political leaders to advance their agendas. Lawmakers
such as Tennessee Sen. Fred Thompson say the companies are forced
to corral lawmakers here because government policies play a large
role in the economy. Still, many of the corporate events go well
beyond coffee and doughnuts. From 4 p.m. to 10 p.m. each day,
for example, Pacific Telesis holds a sumptuous reception at the
Bayside Pavilion, a coveted party spot. Waiters bearing trays
of shrimp, caviar and other hors d'oeuvres circle politicians,
government officials and industry lobbyists. Among the company's
guests: Republican Party Chairman Haley Barbour, Reps. David Dreier
and Sonny Bono, and California State Treasurer Matt Fong.

"There isn't a quid pro quo," Pacific Telesis CEO Phil Quigley
tells a reporter. "We get a chance to network just like you."

For its part, AT&T -- along with IBM, Fluor, International
Paper and Textron -- Sunday staged an elaborate invitation-only
"state fair" to "honor" Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott.
Balboa Park's organ pavilion was turned into an old-fashioned
Southern state fair, complete with games and booths offering barbecued
chicken and Cajun catfish po' boys. Under a banner reading "Have
A Lott Of Fun," music star Larry Gatlin entertained hundreds
of guests, including the governors of California and Massachusetts,
and Sen. Strom Thurmond, R-S.C.

Not everyone thinks convention schmoozing is time well spent.
Some corporations, especially high-tech companies such as Intel
and Hewlett-Packard, don't bother to attend. "You get to spend
a lot of money, but it's not that productive," says Eben Tisdale,
H-P's manager of government affairs. That's a minority view.

What drives carmakers

For Chrysler, the convention represents a chance to cement relationships
and polish its corporate image. General Motors, which donated
60 cars to the Republican National Committee, may be the convention's
"official" car supplier, but few companies have made as big
a splash as Chrysler. Eight months before delegates arrived, officials
rented a dilapidated parking garage near the GOP convention center.
After chasing out the roosting pigeons, Chrysler staged an elaborate
exhibit of vintage cars and futuristic concept vehicles.

The exhibit, which will move to Chicago for the Democratic National
Convention Aug. 26-29, serves as the backdrop for several parties
each day. At a Sunday brunch to "honor" Michigan Gov. John Engler,
Chrysler CEO Bob Eaton and Engler chatted like old pals. Trailing
a retinue of aides, the two men shared a laugh at a full-size
mockup of a 1940s Texaco gas station before hopping into a Chrysler
Prowler for a test drive. Chrysler's chief objective is retooling
its image with political leaders who may remember it as the cash-starved
carmaker. When a reporter asks Eaton to comment on the Republican
ticket, the Chrysler CEO visibly blanches. "Chrysler is not political,"
he insists. "This is an opportunity to showcase products."

Less than a mile away, pharmaceuticals giant Eli Lilly occupied
the high ground for the arrival by boat of Republican presidential
hopeful Bob Dole and running mate Jack Kemp. From the Coronado
Terrace of the Marriott Hotel, guests enjoyed a commanding view
of the San Diego Bay. As they waited for Dole's flotilla, delegates
from Indiana, Arizona, Colorado and Texas munched chicken salad
and chatted with company officials, including Eli Lilly CEO Randall
Tobias.

This kind of event signals a big change for Lilly, which was all
but invisible at previous conventions. After drugmakers were vilified
during four years of health care policy debate, Tobias decided
a higher political profile was required. Lilly has facilities
in each of the four states represented at the Sunday brunch. So
establishing personal connections is important.

"If I find an occasion to have a conversation with a person in
the future who I talked to here," Tobias says, "it's easier
for that person; it's easier for me."

In Washington, a visiting CEO might feel fortunate to get 20 minutes
of a lawmaker's time. But most lawmakers don't have much real
work to do here. So executives can spend hours with them. At an
American Bankers Association golf tournament Monday, Pacific Telesis'
Quigley toured the links for 4 hours with Rep. Duke Cunningham,
R-Calif. Quigley, on the way to a near personal best score of
91, discussed with Cunningham -- a member of the House Education
Committee -- PacTel's contributions to connecting state schools
to the Internet as well as federal education policy.

The convention represents a major test for PacTel, which won a
contract from the Republicans to provide the convention's local
and wireless phone service. The company established a new wireless
network called personal communications services for the occasion.
Another indication of the high stakes is Quigley's presence. This
is the first convention for the staunch Republican. A veteran
of Washington policy debates, Quigley doesn't need this gathering
to meet the capital's elite. But he wants to highlight PacTel's
products while refreshing ties to officials such as House Speaker
Newt Gingrich and California Gov. Pete Wilson. "I wanted to be
able to be here and see things firsthand," Quigley says. "It
gives you a chance to reacquaint yourself with people."

Quigley dismisses suggestions that lavish convention entertaining
gives corporations excessive influence in Washington. The Tennessee
delegation certainly welcomes corporate help. The delegation lunch
to honor Rep. James Quillen, R-Tenn., who is retiring from Congress
after 34 years, was sponsored by Eastman Chemical of Kingsport,
Tenn. And the octogenarian lawmaker bristles at questions of influence-peddling.

"Oh, baloney," he says. "I've been in Congress for 34 years
and I vote the way I see it."

His fellow delegates appear to agree. When an Eastman executive
introduces several state dignitaries, the loudest applause is
reserved for Howard Baker, the former U.S. senator from Tennessee,
who is now a corporate lobbyist.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY; PHOTO, B/W, Richard Ellis,
AP; Full service: Michigan Gov. John Engler, right, talks with Chrysler Chief
Executive Robert Eaton at a brunch the automaker held in the politician's honor
Sunday in San Diego. Major player: Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott of
Mississippi.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              736 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    July 26, 1995, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Senate OKs first step toward lobby reform

BYLINE: William M. Welch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 482 words


Prodded by public demands to clean up politics, the Senate overwhelmingly agreed
Tuesday to new disclosure requirements for lobbyists. But lawmakers remain
deeply divided on a far tougher issue: whether to put a lid on the gifts, meals
and junkets those lobbyists lavish on them.

Unable to agree on restrictions that would affect themselves, Senate Democrats
and Republicans agreed to consider separately a requirement that lobbyists
register and list their clients and issues.

The Senate then approved the measure 98-0. If approved by the House, the result
would be the first comprehensive rewrite of a widely ignored patchwork of
lobbying laws that date to 1946.

Sen. William Cohen, R-Maine, said existing lobbyist laws are toothless and "a
sham. . . . They require some to register, but many do not have to. Those who do
register file information that is virtually meaningless."

The vote came after a compromise to exempt the big new growth area, so-called
grassroots lobbying, in which Washington experts orchestrate contacts by voters
around the country with their senators and representatives.

It was on that issue that a reform bill collapsed last year. Republicans accused
Democrats of wanting to limit grass-roots efforts.

Also exempted would be part-timers, who spend less than 20% of their time
lobbying, and groups that spend less than $ 20,000 every six months.

The agreement also abandons establishment of an enforcement office, leaving the
task to House and Senate clerks who have that job now.

Advocates of tough new restrictions said they had been promised a final vote,
probably by week's end, but they were doubtful a bipartisan agreement on gifts
could be reached.

"I don't see a great deal of hope," said a leading sponsor, Sen. Carl Levin,
D-Mich.

The likelihood of either reform measure actually becoming law is uncertain.

The House has taken no steps on lobbying reforms. House GOP leaders refused to
act until the Senate went first. Although public outrage over the political
system is often cited as a reason for the GOP congressional victories in 1994,
political reform was not part of the House GOP Contract with America campaign
pledge. A third element of political reform, overhauling campaign finance laws,
faces longer odds.

Senate reformers want an outright ban on meals, vacations, tickets to ball games
and other entertainment by lobbyists. They also would limit gifts from private
citizens to items worth no more than $ 20. On the other side, Sen. Mitch
McConnell, R-Ky., wants to allow up to $ 100 per gift without reporting.

Democrats said that would permit a lawmaker to take major league baseball
tickets one day, a lavish dinner the next and other gifts the next day, all
without reporting.

"It's pretend reform," Levin said. "It's worse than no reform. That will just
deepen the cynicism" that the public has about politics.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, USA TODAY

WASHINGTON

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              737 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Post-Star (Glens Falls, New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 6, 2016 Saturday

Village hires lobbying firm for wastewater work

BYLINE: Amanda May Metzger, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 752 words


Feb. 06--LAKE GEORGE -- The village is hoping a $25,000 bet will yield a $3.5
million payout.

The Village Board unanimously approved hiring one of the top 10 lobbying firms
in the state to act on its behalf to seek grant funding for the wastewater
treatment plant project.

"We've never done this before. We've never needed this amount of money before,"
Mayor Robert Blais said.

The plant's outdated treatment process has had trouble for years completing the
nitrogen cycle when treating wastewater, which is why daily levels of nitrate in
the plant's discharge have tested higher than what the state allows.

The village is under a consent order, with a timeline, from the state Department
of Environmental Conservation to fix the problem, and the village is looking at
building a new plant that uses a "sequencing batch reactor," that treats
wastewater in batches. Oxygen would be bubbled through the mixture of waste in
batches to reduce organic matter.

The village agreed to pay $5,000 a month from February to June to the lobbying
firm Park Strategies, whose lobbyists will bend the ears of those who hold the
purse strings to millions of dollars available this year for waste water
projects.

There are many different funding streams. For instance, the state Water
Infrastructure Improvement Act of 2015 provides $200 million in grant funding
over three years, including $75 million this year.

The village did not receive anything for the project in the Regional Economic
Development Council awards announced last December.

"They (the firm) are basically going to work to raise our project from the
bottom to the top of the pile, federal, state, whatever. We found that's where
we failed to have the level of awareness we thought we'd automatically get with
this project. People told us afterward they didn't know about the project," said
village Department of Public Works Superintendent Dave Harrington.

The firm, Park Strategies, was founded by Sen. Al D'Amato. It has offices in
Manhattan, Albany, Long Island, Buffalo, Washington, D.C. and Taiwan.

The lobbying services agreement given to the village was signed by D'Amato, a
Republican who was a U.S. senator representing New York from 1981 to 1999.

According to a report by the Joint Commission on Public Ethics, which regulates
lobbying, the firm was No. 2 in the state in 2014, based on compensation, and
number three in terms of number of clients (143 at the time).

Some of the clients include The Walt Disney Company, Verizon and the town of
Hempstead, according to the joint commission database.

The $3.5 million is an estimate for the engineering to overhaul the plant, Blais
said, adding that the strategy is to go after just the engineering cost at this
point. The construction costs are estimated at $12 million.

"They like to fund things that are ready to go. We're not ready to go, but we
are ready to go for engineering. So they felt we would be much more successful
if we ask for a lot less. Usually if you get that, then you get a better shot at
getting money for construction," Blais said.

He said the village sought proposals from two other lobbying firms but Park
Strategies was the only one that was not already representing another entity
vying for money for a water or wastewater infrastructure project.

"There are a lot of different opportunities out there, and I don't know we have
anyone on our staff that has the time, the effort, the energy, to reach out to
all these," Blais said. "It seems like a lot of money for a village to spend,
but on the other hand, this is so important to the future of the village and the
town and the lake that I suppose it's a reasonable amount."

Although Blais called the contract "a gamble," he said the village can come up
with the money and should take the opportunity.

"It just looks like we don't have much of a choice," said Board member John
Root.

"It seems like if it works, it'll be money well spent," Board member Ray Perry
said.

Deputy Mayor John Earl asked facetiously if they could get a grant to pay the
lobbying firm's bill.

Because the work falls under "professional services," it is an exception to the
competitive bidding process.

June will be billed to the next fiscal year, so the board shuffled $20,000 --
$5,000 for each remaining month of this fiscal year -- from other places in the
budget, such as road salt, which hasn't been needed much this year.

___ (c)2016 The Post Star (Glens Falls, N.Y.) Visit The Post Star (Glens Falls,
N.Y.) at www.poststar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160206-GN-Village-hires-lobbying-firm-for-wastewater-work-20160206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GN


                          Copyright 2016 The Post-Star


                              738 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           January 30, 2010 Saturday

O'Brien: Google joins the titans of Silicon Valley lobbying

BYLINE: By Chris O'Brien Mercury News Columnist

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business; Columnists; Opinion; Columnists

LENGTH: 912 words


With great power comes even greater headaches. Just ask Google.

The company's transition from upstart to Goliath has multiplied its legal and
policy problems. There may be no better measure of this phenomenon than Google's
expansion of its lobbying activities on Capitol Hill.

In just five years, the search engine giant has gone from almost no presence in
Washington to spending more money on lobbying than all but one other Silicon
Valley company in 2009. And in the past three months, Google topped all other
valley spenders.

"The growth in their lobbying reflects what the company has become," said Dave
Levinthal, communications director for the Center for Responsive Politics.
"They've gone from a tiny company to a behemoth."

Google's drive for influence in D.C. extends beyond dollars and cents, and
demonstrates remarkable savvy in the ways of Washington.  These include Google
funding policy fellowships and hosting politicians at the Googleplex, and Google
employees taking jobs in the Obama administration.

Google seems determined not to repeat the mistake Microsoft made in the 1990s
when the software company ignored politics until it was ensnared in an epic
antitrust lawsuit.

There's certainly nothing unusual about a company aggressively pushing its
agenda. But in Google's case, I think there's a disconnect between the company's
view of these efforts, and how they look to outsiders.

Google has always been a company that believes it has a special mission to make
the world better, and it sees its lobbying and policy efforts as part of that
crusade. In truth, this massive investment in lobbying is just one more sign
that Google is acting like the big corporation it has become.

That's neither good, nor evil. Sometimes Google's interests align with the
interests of consumers, and sometimes they don't. But while Google believes it's
not evil, its size means many others will increasingly question whether its
motives aren't less than good.

I put this idea to Alan Davidson, head of U.S. public policy for Google, who
said it's not true, and that Google works to show humility.

"We've always known that with growth comes responsibility," Davidson said.
"We're grateful for the company's success. We know as we grow, we need to show
that we're a responsible industry leader."

It seemed like just yesterday we were writing stories about "Google goes to
Washington" as the Mountain View company opened its lobbying office in 2005.
Now, Google's right at home.

In 2009, Google spent $4.03 million on its lobbying efforts, up from $260,000 in
2005, according to U.S. Senate records. In the valley, that's second only to
Oracle, which spent $5.1 million. And in the fourth quarter of 2009, Google
outspent Oracle $1.12 million to $1.05 million.

While Google's expansion is extraordinary, it does reflect an increase in the
valley's investment in lobbying. The top 10 valley companies increased their
lobbying expenditures from a total of $12.4 million in 2005 to $26.4 million in
2009. Only Hewlett-Packard, a company that's been around for decades, came close
to matching Google's expansion, growing from $380,000 in 2005 to $3.62 million
last year.

"There was always a plan for steady growth in our presence," Davidson said. "We
knew when we started the office here, the issues facing our users and industries
were only going to grow out here in Washington."

Davidson notes that on some of the issues that Google lobbies for, it now butts
heads with companies that spend far more on lobbying. While Davidson wouldn't
say which ones, he's most likely talking about telecom companies like AT&T,
Verizon and Comcast, whose expenditures ranged from $12 million to $17 million
in 2009. Google looks at them, and still sees itself as the guppy.

And in the tech industry, Microsoft and IBM spent more last year, $6.7 million
and $5.4 million respectively. But the gap is closing fast.

Davidson said Google's efforts are benign, aimed at educating politicians and
making sure its users' interests are being heard.

"We started this office with the same philosophy as we did the business," he
said. "If you start with the user and focus on that, everything else will
follow. If what we're doing is good for our users and the Internet community,
then it will be good for us in the long term."

The problem is that the company often seems so certain of its mission that it
can't believe anyone would question its motives.

For instance, in a New York Times op-ed last fall, co-founder Sergey Brin
painted Google's efforts to scan books as a crusade to protect the world's
knowledge against the ravages of history. He bristled over criticisms of a
settlement with publishers and authors: "In reality, nothing in this agreement
precludes any other company or organization from pursuing their own similar
effort. The agreement limits consumer choice in out-of-print books about as much
as it limits consumer choice in unicorns."

Sorry, but it is hubris to expect us to genuflect and accept that Google is
doing this purely for the benefit of mankind. Google is scanning books because
it expects to make money in some fashion down the road.

Lobbying on behalf of its position doesn't make Google evil. It just means it's
a big corporation. But for a company with a messianic belief in its purpose,
that's a hard truth to accept.

Contact Chris O'Brien at 415-298-0207 or cobrien@mercurynews.com . Follow him on
Twitter at http://twitter.com/sjcobrien and read his blog posts at
www.siliconbeat.com .

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             April 11, 2010 Sunday

U, Met Council angle for public's backing in Central Corridor feud

BYLINE: By Dave Orrick dorrick@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: POLITICS; Minnesota-Twin Cities

LENGTH: 971 words


Sky-is-falling sound bites, letters to the editor, heated correspondence
destined to become public, tens of thousands in lobbying expenses, and, last
week, threatened legislation.

These are among the weapons deployed by the University of Minnesota and the
Metropolitan Council in their feud over how to build the Central Corridor
light-rail line linking the Twin Cities through the U's campus.

Now, with court-ordered mediation sessions this week and a legislative hearing
slated for Friday, the war of words and leverage between the institutions could
either end or worsen. Or maybe just stay the same.

Regardless, at stake are millions of dollars -- all taxpayer dollars -- in what
everyone involved says is the largest public works project in the history of the
state.

Experts say both sides need to step up or risk hurting their reputations.

"I can see people in the general public throwing up their hands and saying, 'Why
can't they resolve this?' " said Betsy Anderson, assistant professor of
communications and journalism at Macalester College. Anderson has been following
the back-and-forth of the proposed $957-million light rail line at what she
figures is "the average level" for most in the public. "I see the headlines and
read some of the stories. Sometimes I'll hear an MPR report on it."

She said from that vantage, it's not easy to figure out what's really going on.
"Is it really money that's behind all this? Is it research? Is it safety? What's
really the problem, and what's really the solution?"

ARGUMENTS MADE PUBLIC

For more than a year, the two sides have been in negotiations over how to lay
tracks and run trains without harming university research equipment. While the
talks have all taken place behind closed doors, both sides have also made their
arguments to other audiences.

Met Council Chairman Peter Bell, for example, has criticized the U in letters to
University President Robert Bruininks. Those letters are public information, and
the media has reported on them -- and Bruininks has accused Bell of using them
in the battle for the hearts and minds of state lawmakers and the public. Bell
also has warned that university resistance threatens to scuttle the project, a
warning that, at least so far, has not proven true.

The University has shot back with its own public relations blitz, including a
video on its Web site, with Tim Mulcahey, vice president for research, warning
of damage to science labs.

While Bell's staffers have argued their interpretations of federal regulations
and construction timelines, the U has sought to discredit those statements,
leaning on legal advice and lobbying skills from its own experts, including
spending $40,000 on the Washington, D.C. law firm and lobbying operation Patton
Boggs LLP, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, a watchdog group
that tracks lobbying expenses.

Bell, a former university regent himself, has criticized the U for spending on
lobbying while cutting faculty pay. Meanwhile, university general counsel Mark
Rotenberg has argued that the Met Council has spent more than the U on its own
lobbying efforts.

Anderson noted that disagreements between the Met Council and the U surfaced
several years ago when officials were deciding what route the rail line should
take: tunnel versus street level, Washington Avenue versus other routes. In the
end, everyone, including the U, agreed upon a Washington Avenue street-level
route, although the U had reservations.

HEADED FOR MEDIATION

The current impasse, however, simmering for more than a year, is about how to
protect sensitive university research equipment from vibrations and
electromagnetic interference when the electric trains start rumbling along
Washington Avenue in 2014.

Actually, it appears to be about less than that now. One of the key sticking
points is what to do if trains cause more interference than predicted. And who
pays -- if anyone. And how much. And so on.

And that impasse has led to another problem: The university has refused to grant
a temporary easement to allow construction on a series of side-street
improvements.

Met Council officials say the delay has essentially cost taxpayers about $1
million in a low-bid contract that will now go stale. In a sub-dispute,
university officials say the Met Council is wrong about its own
construction-scheduling needs.

In the last several weeks, this latest dispute shot rhetoric and tactics up
another notch.

Bell, Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak, Hennepin County Commissioner Peter
McLaughlin and Ramsey County Commissioner Jim McDonough issued a series of
verbal slams against university leaders, alleging "arrogance and pettiness" and
accusing them of being "dead wrong."

University officials, as well as alumni leaders, fought back, penning letters to
the editor accusing the Met Council of running a bullying public-relations
campaign.

Then on Thursday, a pair of Democratic lawmakers played a card for the Met
Council's side, introducing a bill that would allow the Met Council to use
eminent domain to condemn university land it needs to build the line. One of the
sponsors, state Rep. Alice Hausman of St. Paul, had tried to bring both sides
together late last year in a series of public meetings. Her effort failed.

A hearing on the bill is scheduled for Friday morning. Until then, expect the
rhetoric to be silent as the sides enter closed-door, court-ordered mediation as
part of a lawsuit the U filed against the Met Council.

Retired U.S. Magistrate Judge Jonathan Lebedoff -- a pick by the U and the Met
Council to act as mediator -- has instructed both sides to keep quiet, he said
Friday. "We just want to get this done," he said.

Before his unofficial gag order, Kathleen O'Brien, vice president for university
services, said she was optimistic mediation could settle things quickly.

Bell said he doubted that.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             March 18, 2012 Sunday

'Third House' first in line

BYLINE: BRIAN CALLE Register columnist, The Orange County Register

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. H

LENGTH: 797 words



HIGHLIGHT: Sacramento's highest-spending lobbying groups are government worker
unions.


Lobbying, unsurprisingly, is commonplace and aggressive in U.S. state capitals
and in Washington, D.C. Special interests and their paid representatives flock
to legislators and bureaucrats, seeking favors, like pigs rushing to a full
trough. The problem at the state and municipal level is that too many treasuries
are depleted, and to refill the troughs special interests urge policymakers to
find or enhance "revenue sources" - a euphemism for new or higher taxes.

In Sacramento, the California Teachers Association, the state's behemoth
education union, spent more money on lobbying in 2011 than any other group in
the Golden State, according a Los Angeles Times analysis of data from the
California Secretary of State's Office.

The CTA, boasting 340,000 members, spent $6,574,257 last year, a lobbying tab
more than $1.5 million greater than the second-place spender (unsurprisingly,
another union), the California State Council of Service Employees, an affiliate
of the Service Employees International Union, one of the largest and most
powerful labor outfits in North America.

Overall expenditures for lobbying state legislators hit an all-time high in 2011
of $286.6 million-that's a 6.8 percent jump from 2010. It seems lobbyists saw an
opportunity to refill the trough of tax money with Gov. Jerry Brown once again
at the helm of the state.

Lobbyists are so influential in Sacramento and elsewhere they deserve to be
called the "Third House" - a nickname describing lobbyists as an unelected
chamber of the Legislature beyond the Assembly and state Senate. It's not
uncommon for legislators and their staff, looking for guidance on a pending
bill, to "to run it by the Third House."

In off-year elections, lobbying expenditures are highlighted but those who lobby
the most are usually also the same who spend the most on campaigns. In 2010,
many will remember the spending spree of unions to help Gov. Brown win election
and the millions spent by unions on California ballot initiatives.

Teachers union expenditures on 2010 ballot measures totaled $25.5 million,
according to UnionWatch.org, a watchdog website devoted to tracking union
activity. That total includes expenditures from the CTA, the National Education
Association, the California Federation of Teachers, the American Federation of
Teachers and the Alliance for a Better California, a coalition that includes
public employee unions.

It should come as no surprise that unions continue making such "political
investments," especially because they are paying off. In the decade ending in
2010, the CTA spent more than $200 million on lobbying, political expenditures
and campaign contributions, more than any other entity and over $100 million
more than the second-place special interest, California State Council of Service
Employees, according to a 2010 report by the California Fair Political Practices
Commission. So it should comes as no shock that these groups finished atop the
list for lobbying activity last year.

Teachers unions, as noted by analyst Andrew Coulson of the libertarian Cato
Institute, have many objectives. Five key priorities include: "raising their
members' wages; growing their membership, increasing the share of the public
school labor force that they represent, precluding pay based on performance or
aptitude and minimizing competition from nonunion shops."

A quick examination of public policy in California, teacher pay and pensions,
the power of the education establishment and the state of educational
institutions in California illustrates the success teachers unions have had in
achieving such goals.

Their expenditures and strategies are more self-serving than much of anything
else. Lisa Snell, Reason Foundation's director of education and child welfare,
noted as much when she wrote, "The unions engage in political spending on issues
that have little to do with education or directly benefiting their members and
their political spending is used again and again to block legitimate discourse
about education reform in California."

"In my personal experience the unions literally drown out other voices, and this
means even the most marginal education reforms never make it," Snell said.

Offsetting the power of unions in the state and country is required for
meaningful structural reform or even incremental procedural changes, hence why
so many resources and eyeballs are focused on the union-led recall of Wisconsin
Gov. Scott Walker, who has waged political warfare with public employee unions.

In California, the best hope may be this year's Stop Special Interest Money Now
ballot initiative which seeks to curb the political spending abilities of unions
and corporations. In the meantime though, expect more frenzied feeding at the
trough.



bcalle@ocregister.com or 714-796-7823

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          February 27, 2003, Thursday

RECORD 300G FINE FOR CSC

BYLINE: KENNETH LOVETT Post Correspondent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 021

LENGTH: 197 words


ALBANY - A bribery-tainted prison company accepted the largest lobbying fine in
state history in order to avert a seven-year ban on lobbying.

Correctional Services Corp. agreed to a $300,000 fine for providing free rides,
dinners and other gifts that exceeded legal limits to a number of state
lawmakers.

The fine levied by the state Lobbying Commission exceeds the previous $250,000
record imposed in 2000 on Donald Trump and his associates for secretly funding a
campaign against Indian casinos.

CSC lawyer James Featherstonhaugh on Tuesday hammered out a deal in which the
company would be fined $250,000 and agree not to lobby in New York for seven
years.

But at a meeting yesterday morning in Florida, the company's board decided to
spend an extra $50,000 if it meant it did not have to adhere to a lobbying ban,
sources said.

CSC President James Slattery said the settlement was "in the best interest of
the company and its shareholders."

As part of the deal, the company made no admission of wrongdoing but promised to
amend its filings with the Lobbying Commission to include the questionable
expenses.


LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JAMES SLATTERY Pays price in bribe probe.

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              742 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                              March 2, 2014 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

UPMC, ITS HOSPITALS OUTPACE HIGHMARK'S IN-STATE LOBBYING

BYLINE: Bill Toland, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-3

LENGTH: 872 words


As the war between Pittsburgh's two top health providers has intensified over
the last two years, UPMC and Highmark Inc. have both dished out millions to
lobby Harrisburg politicians and regulators -- but UPMC reports being the bigger
spender.

Since the beginning of 2012, UPMC has spent more than $3 million on lobbying,
and individual hospitals within the health system have spent hundreds of
thousands more. The system's insurance arm, UPMC Health Plan, has spent an
additional $450,000, according to financial records from Pennsylvania's
Department of State, which tracks in-state lobbying expenditures.

Highmark, meanwhile, has spent at least $1.5 million since the beginning of
2012. One quarterly report appears to be missing from the state database; since
2012, Highmark has spent an average of $209,000 per quarter.

Highmark's West Penn Allegheny Health System, now part of the larger Allegheny
Health Network, has spent about $150,000 total since January 2012.

The tabulations are not an exact science; reporting requirements differ from
state to state and are subject to interpretation by those compiling and
submitting the reports. "Issue ads" are another gray area, as they could be
counted toward a company's "non-direct" communication spending -- that is,
lobbying that solicits action from the general public, but not lawmakers
themselves.

"UPMC broadly reports our time and expense -- in fact, we probably overreport
out of an abundance of caution," said UPMC spokesman Paul Wood. "We include the
time of our executives, time in planning and strategy meetings, as well as time
face-to-face with government decision-makers."

The sums reported by the companies do not include what is spent on the
companies' behalf, using their own contributions, by lobbying groups such as the
Hospital and Healthsystem Association of Pennsylvania, and the Blue Cross and
Blue Shield Association.

The figures are not surprising. What may be more surprising is that the
companies didn't spend more. As a broad topic, health care accounts for the
biggest piece of what's spent annually on lobbying in Pennsylvania.

In 2012, companies and advocacy groups of all sorts reported spending a total of
$435.7 million lobbying state officials, regulators and the general public. Of
that, $28.5 million was spent on broad "health care" issues; $9 million on
managed care, or health insurance; $4 million on the topic of medical records;
$10 million on hospital issues; $10 million on insurance issues; and more than
$15 million on Medicaid issues.

More tangentially, $5.3 million was directed toward pharmaceutical lobbying,
$3.7 million on biotechnology and $5.9 million on nursing home topics.

It's the same story nationally. Last year, about $480.3 million was spent on
federal health care lobbying, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
That's actually down from the $552 million spent in 2009, during the run-up to
the passage of the Affordable Care Act. At the height of the federal lobbying
frenzy, there were 3,000 registered health care lobbyists on Capitol Hill.

"Leave aside that it's one-seventh of the economy," said Bill Allison, editorial
director at the Sunlight Foundation, a Washington, D.C., nonprofit that
advocates for government transparency. "It cuts across the economy. ... It
affects everybody," from hospitals to insurers to pharmaceutical firms to just
about any employer, big or small, that offers health coverage for its workers.

Even though the Affordable Care Act passed in 2010, the subsequent years have
been spent shaping the regulations that kicked in as the law gradually took
effect.

Some of those regulations are still being written; others have already been
written, but their implementation dates have been postponed. That includes the
universal annual cap on out-of-pocket health care expenses and the requirement
that all businesses with 50 or more full-time workers provide health coverage or
pay a fine.

Meanwhile, insurers are still pushing for an extension of the reimbursement
program that will help them cover losses if the policies they sell on the
federal health care exchange lose money in the early years.

"There are so many unsettled issues around health care," Mr. Allison said.
"Nothing is ever written in stone here. The lobbying interests are going to be
pushing back against every single thing that affects their bottom line."

Lobbying money is not the same as campaign money.

Campaign spending comes in a variety of forms -- direct and indirect
communications, gifts, hotels, meals and incurred transportation expenses. Most
of that money is spent on communications: meeting with the policymakers and
their staffs, or trying to influence third-parties to do their own lobbying.

Highmark uses Gmerek Government Relations Inc.; Ignite Strategies; Long, Nyquist
& Associates; Obermayer Rebmann Maxwell & Hippel and others for its lobbying,
including employed lobbyists, such as Michael Warfel, Highmark's vice president
of government affairs, who is based in Harrisburg.

UPMC uses Bravo Group, Buchanan Ingersoll & Rooney, Cohen & Grigsby, and S. R.
Wojdak & Associates. It also uses in-house lobbyists, including Scott Baker, who
is married to Leslie Gromis-Baker, Gov. Tom Corbett's chief of staff.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Bill Toland: btoland@post-gazette.com or 412-263-2625. /

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Larry Roberts/Post-Gazette : Stephen Herzenberg, associate
professor in the University of Pittsburgh School of Social Work, answers a
question while glancing at the information sheet sent to the Wednesday meeting
by UPMC where members of city council listened to discussion about UPMC's place
in the community.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              743 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            December 26, 2011 Monday

California state senator aims to double lobby fee in California -- to 14 cents a
day

BYLINE: By Karen de Sá kdesa@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 642 words


California's 1,000 registered lobbyists are so influential they're known as the
"The Third House." Many work from gleaming office towers that overshadow the
state Capitol dome, making it look like just so much cheese for the snatching.

Yet the price of such unmatched access is barely a bar tab -- just $25 in
lobbying registration fees a year -- when some states charge up to $1,000.

Now, a Bay Area lawmaker is arguing that needs to change. State Sen. Leland Yee
is proposing to double fees that now amount to just 7 cents a day -- and until
last year were only half that. "It's one of the hidden secrets of lobbying," Yee
said.

The San Francisco Democrat is seizing an opportune moment to propose his
legislation next month. Cal-Access -- the website that reveals the money behind
politics, including campaign contributions and lobbying trails -- has been on
the blink for weeks. And Yee wants lobbyists to help fix it by raising fees for
only the second time since 1974.

Backed by the government watchdog group Common Cause, Yee's bill would increase
lobbying fees to $100 each two-year legislative session -- up from the current
$50. The funds would add $50,000 to maintain California's political database.

It's too early to tell whether the Third House will use its political heft to
beat back the bill. Although the Secretary of State raised fees -- from $12.50
to $25 a year -- in the last legislative session, lobbyists successfully stymied
another proposal for a more dramatic hike in 2010. A ballot initiative that year
would have charged lobbying firms an annual $350 to pay for publicly financed
elections for the Secretary of State post.

In an email, the president of the Institute of Governmental Advocates, Christina
Dillon DiCaro, said her lobbying group for the lobbyists is so far reserving
judgment, until the bill is formally introduced next year. But she did note:
"While we fully support public access to campaign finance and lobbying reports,
to ask the lobbying community alone to fund upgrades to the system is not the
solution, as there are many other affected parties who benefit from the use of
Cal-Access."

The current site, designed in 1999 in the state that is home to the most modern
tech wizardry, has been mostly dysfunctional since Nov. 30. The California
Automated Lobbying and Campaign Contribution and Expenditure Search System is
the apparent victim of a disk array controller suffering from a "physical memory
failure," state officials report.

Citizen watchdog groups are irate. But lobbyists, too, are lamenting the downed
site. They use the information to devise strategy and advise clients on who's
throwing money where. And in early discussions with Yee's office, they have not
been wholly opposed to contributing more to the site's upkeep -- amounts that
are little more than pocket change for those working at the multimillion-dollar
firms.

"We've talked to a number of lobbyists, and they also agree it's high time to
increase it," Yee said. "Given the problems with Cal-Access, they'll be fine
with the bill."

According to the National Conference of State Legislatures, states from Alabama
to Alaska charge $100 a year, compared with California's $25. Despite the
influence peddling long endemic in Illinois, lobbyists there pay $300 a year and
as much as $1,000 annually in Massachusetts.

Ray LeBov, a California registered lobbyist since 1992 who trains other
lobbyists, said his initial reaction to Yee's bill proposal is that "it seems
reasonable."

LeBov and other lobbyists opposed the last attempt to raise lobbying fees,
arguing that the profession was being singled out for disproportionate
increases. But "in this instance," LeBov said, "you have an outdated system of
vital public importance, and this would help ensure raising the necessary
funding to make it functional."

Contact Karen de Sá at 408-920-5781.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            December 25, 2011 Sunday

State senator aims to double lobby fee in California -- to 14 cents a day

BYLINE: By Karen de Sá kdesa@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; News; State

LENGTH: 642 words


California's 1,000 registered lobbyists are so influential they're known as the
"The Third House." Many work from gleaming office towers that overshadow the
state Capitol dome, making it look like just so much cheese for the snatching.

Yet the price of such unmatched access is barely a bar tab -- just $25 in
lobbying registration fees a year -- when some states charge up to $1,000.

Now, a Bay Area lawmaker is arguing that needs to change. State Sen. Leland Yee
is proposing to double fees that now amount to just 7 cents a day -- and until
last year were only half that. "It's one of the hidden secrets of lobbying," Yee
said.

The San Francisco Democrat is seizing an opportune moment to propose his
legislation next month. Cal-Access -- the website that reveals the money behind
politics, including campaign contributions and lobbying trails -- has been on
the blink for weeks. And Yee wants lobbyists to help fix it by raising fees for
only the second time since 1974.

Backed by the government watchdog group Common Cause, Yee's bill would increase
lobbying fees to $100 each two-year legislative session -- up from the current
$50. The funds would add $50,000 to maintain California's political database.

It's too early to tell whether the Third House will use its political heft to
beat back the bill. Although the Secretary of State raised fees -- from $12.50
to $25 a year -- in the last legislative session, lobbyists successfully stymied
another proposal for a more dramatic hike in 2010. A ballot initiative that year
would have charged lobbying firms an annual $350 to pay for publicly financed
elections for the Secretary of State post.

In an email, the president of the Institute of Governmental Advocates, Christina
Dillon DiCaro, said her lobbying group for the lobbyists is so far reserving
judgment, until the bill is formally introduced next year. But she did note:
"While we fully support public access to campaign finance and lobbying reports,
to ask the lobbying community alone to fund upgrades to the system is not the
solution, as there are many other affected parties who benefit from the use of
Cal-Access."

The current site, designed in 1999 in the state that is home to the most modern
tech wizardry, has been mostly dysfunctional since Nov. 30. The California
Automated Lobbying and Campaign Contribution and Expenditure Search System is
the apparent victim of a disk array controller suffering from a "physical memory
failure," state officials report.

Citizen watchdog groups are irate. But lobbyists, too, are lamenting the downed
site. They use the information to devise strategy and advise clients on who's
throwing money where. And in early discussions with Yee's office, they have not
been wholly opposed to contributing more to the site's upkeep -- amounts that
are little more than pocket change for those working at the multimillion-dollar
firms.

"We've talked to a number of lobbyists, and they also agree it's high time to
increase it," Yee said. "Given the problems with Cal-Access, they'll be fine
with the bill."

According to the National Conference of State Legislatures, states from Alabama
to Alaska charge $100 a year, compared with California's $25. Despite the
influence peddling long endemic in Illinois, lobbyists there pay $300 a year and
as much as $1,000 annually in Massachusetts.

Ray LeBov, a California registered lobbyist since 1992 who trains other
lobbyists, said his initial reaction to Yee's bill proposal is that "it seems
reasonable."

LeBov and other lobbyists opposed the last attempt to raise lobbying fees,
arguing that the profession was being singled out for disproportionate
increases. But "in this instance," LeBov said, "you have an outdated system of
vital public importance, and this would help ensure raising the necessary
funding to make it functional."

Contact Karen de Sá at 408-920-5781.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            November 7, 2011 Monday
                                 First EDITION

Rules discussed months before MF Global woes

BYLINE: Kevin McCoy, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 400 words


Months before MF Global collapsed, then-CEO Jon Corzine met with regulatory
officials about a proposed rule that could put new restrictions on investments
in foreign government debt -- the type of strategy that led to the brokerage's
bankruptcy filing.

Commodity Futures Trading Commission records show that Corzine and other MF
Global executives met on July 20 for a pair of conference calls with CFTC
Chairman Gary Gensler and other commission officials about the proposal.

Gensler and Corzine are longtime friends and associates who once worked together
as Goldman Sachs executives.

Congressional lobbying records show that Delta Strategy Group, a Washington
lobbying firm working for MF Global, regularly monitored the status of CFTC
regulations.

Delta Strategy, which lobbying records show was paid roughly $110,000 during
Corzine's 20-month tenure, includes several former CFTC officials, including
James Newsome, a former chairman of the regulatory agency, and R. Scott Parsons,
a former chief of staff.

The yet-to-be-adopted CFTC rule change, introduced last November, would limit
investment of customer-segregated funds to U.S. federal and state obligations
that are "fully guaranteed as to principal and interest" by government or
municipal securities.

The proposed change, designed to strengthen financial security, would have
specifically removed foreign sovereign debt from the types of investments
allowed for customer funds. It also would have changed the list of investments
permitted with clients' funds.

MF Global filed for bankruptcy protection last week after Corzine led the
brokerage in a disastrous $6.34 billion losing bet on European sovereign debt.
The implosion came after rating agencies downgraded its bonds to junk status,
bringing margin calls that threatened the company's liquidity.

Corzine  resigned  Friday.

Federal investigators and  regulators are now checking whether MF Global moved
hundreds of millions of dollars out of customer accounts as its  financial
crisis deepened.

A statement issued Wednesday by the corporate parent of the Chicago Mercantile
Exchange said MF Global "was in compliance" with its obligations to safely
segregate customer funds when an audit was completed one week earlier.

"It now appears that the firm made subsequent transfers of customer segregated
funds in a manner that may have been designed to avoid detection," the corporate
parent said.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                            February 21, 2010 Sunday

Seeking to Keep State Funds, Charities Overcome a Fear of Lobbying

BYLINE: By Debra E. Blum

SECTION: IDEAS & ADVICE; Managing

LENGTH: 1323  words

ABSTRACT

As state aid gets harder to find, charities are learning to build ties to
lawmakers and become stronger public advocates.

FULL TEXT

Roughly 200 staff members and volunteers from Minnesota's Habitat for Humanity
affiliates are expected to attend an advocacy event this month at the state
capitol. They plan to meet with lawmakers to seek continued support, push
policies that promote low-cost housing, and speak in favor of bills on
foreclosures.

For most of the participants-described by an organizer as "willing but
nervous"-it will be an introduction to Habitat's new lobbying efforts, and it
will be their first attempt to woo policy makers, too.

"We have to tell them not to be afraid, that we have standing to be there and to
have a voice in the democratic process," says Kristin Beckmann, director of
government and community relations at the Twin Cities Habitat for Humanity, in
Minneapolis. "I love opening people's eyes to that-that nonprofits should see
themselves as a partner in making legislation."

Although many nonprofit groups are organized for advocacy, plenty more
charities, especially service providers or smaller groups, shy away from
lobbying, saying they feel hampered by the rules that govern the activity or
that they don't have the resources or expertise to get involved.

But that may be changing, as advocacy experts like Ms. Beckmann, who have for
years been trying to tell reluctant charities that they can and should lobby,
say their message is finally finding a bit of traction.

Some credit the Obama administration for projecting the image that government is
more open and inclusive. Others say that the national focus on job creation and
helping people hurt by the recession has emboldened nonprofit groups that work
in those arenas to speak out. Most, however, say worry about budget cuts at
local, state, and federal agencies has pushed charities to reconsider their role
in government decision making.

"Groups think, 'We're service providers. We don't lobby-that's for the advocacy
groups,'" says Abby R. Levine, deputy director of advocacy at the Alliance for
Justice, a Washington association of advocacy groups that advises nonprofit
organizations about lobbying issues. "But now there's a budget crisis, money is
tight, and the light bulb goes off, and the groups are saying, 'Wait, maybe this
does pertain to us.'"

Charities interested in lobbying should first take stock of their organization,
pinpoint their message, and determine exactly what they would want legislation
to accomplish, says Gita Gulati-Partee, a consultant in Durham, N.C., who works
on advocacy with nonprofit clients. Then, she says, they can figure out the most
effective way to convey their position to lawmakers.

"It's best," she says, "to build a lobbying strategy within a broader plan for
advocacy and education, so you get your message out not only to legislators, but
to many different constituencies."

Following are more tips for getting started:

Learn the law. Surveys show that charities sometimes stay on the political
sidelines because they misunderstand the rules governing their lobbying. Laws do
strictly prohibit charities from endorsing or opposing candidates for elected
office, but lobbying-communicating with elected officials about a particular
piece of legislation-is allowed within broad limits.

Advocacy experts say the easiest way for most groups to feel comfortable within
those limits is to follow the Internal Revenue Service's 501(h) expenditure
test-which, depending on the organization's size, allows for spending up to
$1-million a year on lobbying. Groups that do not choose to be covered by the
expenditure test are allowed to lobby, too, as long as the activity does not
become what the IRS would consider a "substantial part" of the group's work.
State laws generally do not limit how much lobbying a charity can do, though
some may require registration or disclosure of expenditures.

Learn the basics. National organizations, such as the Alliance for Justice, and
another Washington group, the Center for Lobbying in the Public Interest, offer
information and training about charity lobbying, as do many state associations
of nonprofit groups. Charities can learn about local and federal lobby laws, the
legislative process, and how best to communicate with lawmakers. Training is
often geared toward the totally uninitiated, like the Minnesota Council of
Nonprofits' Capitol Lab, a half-day tour of the state capitol, intended to
familiarize would-be lobbyists with everything from where to park to how to
track a bill going through the legislature.

Bring everyone along. When the Mile High United Way, in Denver, decided to delve
into lobbying a few years ago, it created a public-policy committee on its board
to explore the group's needs and interests. Trustees and staff members also
reached out to volunteers and donors to make sure United Way's constituents
understood and would support its lobbying efforts on behalf of state legislation
that would benefit foster children.

Kevin Hougen, who chairs Mile High's public-policy committee says that charities
also have to be inclusive when setting their legislative agendas. Last year,
Mile High lobbied in favor of a state law that would require more disclosures
and documentation for so-called payday loans, short-term loans that cover a
borrower's expenses until his or her next paycheck.

"We had a couple big donors in the business. They were payday lenders, and we
didn't want to anger or alienate them," Mr. Hougen says. "We had to go to them
and present our case about why these new rules would help our self-sufficiency
program, how it served our mission."

Build relationships. Charities should know their elected officials and their
elected officials should know them. Invite lawmakers and their staff members for
site visits; hold a reception for them; meet them at their offices to talk about
policies and the work the charity is doing even when there's no specific
legislation on the table.

In December, Twin Cities Habitat started a program, called Rehab With Your Rep,
which invites lawmakers to help build houses alongside the charity's volunteers.
"If you're standing next to your state rep priming windows for seven hours, you
have the chance to get to know each other better and to talk about policy and
funding issues," says Twin Cities' Ms. Beckmann.

Become a resource for lawmakers. Charities have an invaluable asset to offer:
the stories of the work they do. Two or three times a year, Neighborhood Housing
Services of Chicago, sends e-mail messages to the legislative staffs of all the
members of Congress in its region, detailing what the organization is doing in
each Congressional district.

"If there's a hearing on foreclosure intervention coming up, we'll say, 'Here's
the perspective from the field, this is how this issue is affecting people in
your community, and this is what we are doing,'" says Christen Wiggins, director
of innovation, evaluation, and public policy for the group.

Don't give up. Lawmaking is complicated and lobbying can be a delicate process.
Experience helps, as does time spent developing relationships.

"Last legislative session we tried to get a law changed, and we were not
successful," says Ellen Bush, executive director of CASA of Montana, a network
of groups in the state that advocate for abused and neglected children in the
court system. "But we moved up on the list in terms of visibility, and we're
getting more politically wise. We're ready to go back out this session."

Tim Delaney, chief executive of the National Council of Nonprofits, in
Washington, an umbrella group of state nonprofit associations, appreciates that
kind of eagerness. Too many charities would rather avoid the sometimes messy
legislative process.

"What people don't seem to recognize, or they forget, is how much fun it is to
go in and roll up your sleeves and make a difference," he says. "It's
invigorating."

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The charity reinforces the importance of advocacy by displaying posters
like this for volunteers at its construction sites.
Courtesy of Twin Cities Habitat for Humanity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              747 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                            December 26, 2011 Monday

Bay Area lawmaker moves to hike California lobbyist fees

BYLINE: By Karen de Sá/ MediaNews Group

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 636 words


California's 1,000 registered lobbyists are so influential they're known as the
"The Third House." Many work from gleaming office towers that overshadow the
state Capitol dome, making it look like just so much cheese for the snatching.

Yet the price of such unmatched access is barely a bar tab -- just $25 in
lobbying registration fees a year -- when some states charge up to $1,000.

Now, a Bay Area lawmaker is arguing that needs to change. State Sen. Leland Yee
is proposing to double fees that now amount to just 7 cents per day -- and until
last year were only half that. "It's one of the hidden secrets of lobbying," Yee
said.

The San Francisco Democrat is seizing an opportune moment to propose his
legislation next month. Cal-Access -- the website that reveals the money behind
politics, including campaign contributions and lobbying trails -- has been on
the blink for weeks. And Yee wants lobbyists to help fix it, by raising fees for
only the second time since 1974.

Backed by the government watchdog group Common Cause, Yee's bill would increase
lobbying fees to $100 each two-year legislative session -- up from the current
$50. The funds would add $50,000 to maintain California's political database.

It's too early to tell whether the Third House will use its political heft to
beat back the bill. Although the Secretary of State raised fees -- from $12.50
to $25 a year -- in the last legislative session, lobbyists successfully stymied
another proposal for a more dramatic hike in 2010. A ballot initiative that year
would have charged lobbying firms an annual $350 to pay for publicly financed
elections for the Secretary of State post.

In an email, the president of the Institute of Governmental Advocates, Christina
Dillon DiCaro, said her lobbying group for the lobbyists is so far reserving
judgment, until the bill is formally introduced next year.

But she did note: "While we fully support public access to campaign finance and
lobbying reports, to ask the lobbying community alone to fund upgrades to the
system is not the solution, as there are many other affected parties who benefit
from the use of Cal-Access."

The current site, designed in 1999 in the state that is home to the most modern
tech wizardry, has been mostly dysfunctional since Nov. 30. The California
Automated Lobbying and Campaign Contribution and Expenditure Search System is
the apparent victim of a disk array controller suffering from a "physical memory
failure," state officials report.

Citizen watchdog groups are irate. But lobbyists, too, are lamenting the downed
site. They use the information to devise strategy and advise clients on who's
throwing money where. And in early discussions with Yee's office, they have not
been wholly opposed to contributing more to the site's upkeep -- amounts that
are little more than pocket change for those working at the multimillion-dollar
firms.

"We've talked to a number of lobbyists, and they also agree it's high time to
increase it," Yee said. "Given the problems with Cal-Access, they'll be fine
with the bill."

According to the National Conference of State Legislatures, states from Alabama
to Alaska charge $100 a year, compared with California's $25. Despite the
influence-peddling long endemic in Illinois, lobbyists there pay $300 a year,
and as much as $1,000 annually in Massachusetts.

Ray LeBov, a California registered lobbyist since 1992 who trains other
lobbyists, said his initial reaction to Yee's bill proposal is that "it seems
reasonable."

LeBov and other lobbyists opposed the last attempt to raise lobbying fees,
arguing that the profession was being singled out for disproportionate
increases.

But "in this instance," LeBov said, "you have an outdated system of vital public
importance and this would help ensure raising the necessary funding to make it
functional."

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              748 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                             March 14, 2006 Tuesday

Bottom line

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 359 words


* DATA SECURITY. RSA Security has hired Blank Rome Government Relations to lobby
on data-security issues. The team includes J.C. Boggs, a former GOP counsel to
the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee; Melissa Foxman, a former deputy chief
of staff to the Senate Republican Conference; Ashley Davis, a former deputy
director of management and administration at the White House; and Mark Holman, a
former top aide to Tom Ridge, who was governor of Pennsylvania before joining
the Bush administration.

* DEFENSE. Miltope Corp., a defense electronics company, has hired John G.
Campbell to lobby on the defense authorization and appropriations bills.

Also, the Brooks Group, a defense company, has hired the Spectrum Group to lobby
on defense issues. The lobbying team includes Gus Cianciolo, a retired Army
lieutenant general; Skip Hall, a retired Air Force lieutenant general; and Jim
Hinkle, a retired Navy rear admiral.

* MISCELLANEOUS. Sonny Callahan & Associates, founded by the former Republican
congressman from Alabama, is lobbying on behalf of the Red Snapper World
Championship. Among the issues the firm is helping with is the promotion of the
Red Snapper World Championship fishing rodeo.

* PENSION REFORM. The Pacific Maritime Association, a San Francisco-based union,
has hired Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher. The lobbying team includes Richard Zimmer, a
former Republican congressman from New Jersey.

* TAXES. Caterpillar and the National Thoroughbred Association have hired Angus
& Nickerson to lobby on tax matters. Gregory Nickerson, a former tax counsel on
the House Ways and Means Committee, and Barbara Angus, a former international
tax counsel at the Treasury Department, founded the firm.

* MINING. The National Mining Association has hired Clark Consulting Federal
Policy Group to lobby on the "tax treatment of investments and expenditures by
domestic mining companies to protect the safety and health of miners."

* WATER. The Provo River Water Users Association has hired the Dutko Worldwide
to lobby on water issues. Bill Simmons, a former staff member for Rep. Don Young
(R-Alaska) and ex-Rep. James Hansen (R-Utah), is lobbying for the group.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 17, 2011 Thursday

County to vote on hiring lobbyist

BYLINE: Keith Lawrence, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 539 words


Nov. 17--Daviess Fiscal Court is expected to approve a contract today with
Frankfort-based MML&K Government Solutions to lobby for the county in Frankfort
and Washington.

The firm has offices in both cities.

"We considered both a large firm and a small firm," Judge-Executive Al Mattingly
said. "The Washington component of MML&K's bid is important to us."

The company's origins date to 1963, when senior partner Terry McBrayer of the
Frankfort law firm McBrayer, McGinnis, Leslie & Kirkland, began a lobbying
practice.

McBrayer is a former chairman of the Kentucky Democratic Party, former House
Speaker pro tem and former House majority leader.

But the firm's proposal to the county, submitted in June, said it takes a
bipartisan approach to lobbying.

"Terry McBrayer has been very prominent in Kentucky politics," said Mattingly, a
Republican.

James Higdon, an Owensboro native, is an associate with the firm.

"He's a very bright young fellow and he served a year's internship in (Senate
President) David Williams office," Mattingly said. "We believe he'll be working
with us."

The proposal says the firm represents 50 clients -- including Apple, AT&T, Big
Rivers Electric Corp. and Churchill Downs -- with a staff of eight lobbyists.

It says Daviess County needs a strategic plan for lobbying, which the firm will
provide.

Mattingly said MML&K will be working on the list of priorities community leaders
agreed on earlier this month, including money for an International Bluegrass
Music Center, the second phase of the Advanced Technology Center and a new
classroom building at Western Kentucky University-Owensboro.

The firm's proposal says a new "urban caucus" is forming in the Kentucky General
Assembly and "MML&K will help connect Daviess County leaders into this process
and allow Daviess County Fiscal Court to maximize the potential of this new
group."

The proposal says the firm wants $3,500 a month plus "reimbursement of
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses" up to a maximum of $350 per month.

David Smith, the county's director of legislative services, will work directly
with the firm, Mattingly said.

MML&K was one of nine firms bidding on the county's contract. The others were
Joel Schrader, Frankfort;  Dinsmore & Shohl Attorneys LLP, which has offices in
Kentucky, Ohio, West Virginia and Pennsylvania; Sean M. Griffis, who lists
offices in Owensboro and Washington, D.C.; Center Consulting Partners, owned by
former state Sen. Kim Nelson and Jim Sullivan, with offices in Madisonville and
Frankfort; Trifecta Solutions, which lists offices in Frankfort and
Hopkinsville; Smith Management Group of Lexington; the Rotunda Group of
Louisville; and Baird Government Solutions of Frankfort.

Mattingly first proposed hiring a lobbyist during his "state of the county"
address to the Greater Owensboro Chamber of Commerce in January, saying the
position would "help restore the respect of our community in Frankfort."

He told the chamber meeting, "I believe the return on our investment will be
many times the cost."

Keith Lawrence, 691-7301, klawrence@messenger-inquirer.com

___ (c)2011 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111117-OW-County-to-vote-on-hiring-lobbyist-1117-20111117

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2011 Messenger-Inquirer


                              750 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    April 14, 1999, Wednesday, Home Edition

Daily Briefing;
 A quick look at today's business news.;
 Dow rises; profit-taking hurts other indexes

BYLINE: Special

SOURCE: Constitution

SECTION: Business; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 443 words

The Dow Jones industrials closed at a record high for the second straight day
Tuesday, but the rest of the stock market lagged as investors collected profits,
particularly from technology shares.

The Dow rose 55.50, topping Monday's record close, after moving in and out of
positive territory all day. The blue chip index rose as high as 10,418.87, a
gain of nearly 80 points.

Investors bought shares of economically sensitive companies such as basic
materials processors and manufacturers, but they shed technology issues, aside
from Internet-related stocks, for a second day.

That took broader market indicators lower. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell
8.82, while the technology-sensitive Nasdaq composite fell 15.31. Tuesday was
the Nasdaq market's second-heaviest trading day ever, with more than 1.3 billion
shares changing hands.

''This is a continuation of the last week or so's trend of market rotation out
of tech stocks and into other sectors of the market,'' said Charles Crane, chief
market strategist at Key Asset Management in New York.
--- Associated Press

Credit card companies intensify lobbying efforts

MasterCard and Visa ran up some big bills of their own lobbying Congress last
year, quadrupling their spending to $ 5.3 million as they urged lawmakers to
make it harder for people to erase debts in bankruptcy court.

Lawmakers, prodded by lobbyists, are grappling with that issue again this year.

Other businesses with hot issues before Congress, including airlines and
high-tech companies, also dramatically increased their lobbying budgets,
disclosure reports show.

Last year, Visa increased its lobbying bill to $ 3.6 million from $ 900,000 in
1997. MasterCard International's lobbying expenses rose to $ 1.8 million from $
430,000.
--- Associated Press

Sale of mansions still in question after auction

The fates of three "trophy houses" were still undecided hours after bids were
offered in an auction Tuesday night.

Bankers Trust of California --- which holds the vacant, furnished houses in
foreclosure --- negotiated with bidders late into the evening. In a reserve
auction, the owner does not have to accept the highest bid.

Bidding on Lionheart, a Garmon Road mansion, started at $ 2 million. It would
sell for $ 2.6 million if the owner accepts the final bid. A riverfront,
French-chateau style on Wildercliff Drive opened at $ 700,000 and would sell for
$ 1.05 million. Bidding on an Italianate villa on Spalding Drive opened at $ 1
million and ended at a selling price of $ 1.4 million.

Each of the 21 bidders had to present $ 100,000 in cash to participate.
--- Susan Harte

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              751 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                           February 3, 2010 Wednesday
                                 FINAL Edition

Sprague offers a deal on casino-lobbying issue

BYLINE: By CHRIS BRENNAN; brennac@phillynews.com 215-854-5973

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Biggie News Update; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 491 words


Dick Sprague was willing to make a deal.

Faced with skepticism yesterday in a joint hearing of the state Senate and House
committees that oversee gambling, Sprague made this pitch:

He would register as a lobbyist for the casino trade group he started in 2007 if
legislators would declare that it didn't need to be registered last year.

Sen. Jane Earll, R-Erie, who chairs the Senate panel, lowered her gaze on the
famed Philadelphia attorney and said he was unlikely to find consensus on that
idea. "You are wily, Mr. Sprague," Earll said as the three-hour hearing ended
with no resolution.

Sprague formed the Pennsylvania Casino Association with nearly $1.6 million from
three casinos, the SugarHouse in Philadelphia, Mount Airy in Mount Pocono, and
The Rivers in Pittsburgh.

The group ran radio ads last year in five media markets seeking a lower tax rate
on table games in pending legislation. It also sent three e-mails to every
member of the General Assembly on gaming issues. Sprague hired former state
Supreme Court Justice Stephen Zappala to advise the group, paying him $275,000
in 2008 and 2009 and $150,000 this year. He also hired Zappala's daughter for
$65,000 per year.

The group's advocacy efforts raised questions about whether it should have
registered as a lobbyist. The state lobbying law requires the Department of
State to keep a registry of lobbyists, but enforcement authority is parceled out
to the state Ethics Commission, the Attorney General's Office and the Supreme
Court.

Sprague insisted that the radio ads were not lobbying because they did not
mention legislation or ask listeners to take any action. He said the e-mails
were lobbying, but did not trigger the requirement for state registration
because they cost only $450 to send. Lobbyists must register if they spend more
than $2,500 in a three-month period.

"You may call it technical, but it is the law as you wrote it," Sprague told the
legislators.

"It costs you nothing to push that button and send [an e-mail] God-knows-where
to everybody."

Sprague, a SugarHouse investor, said he would have registered the group as a
lobbyist if Earll or state Rep. Mike O'Brian, whose district includes
SugarHouse, had expressed concern to him.

That elicited an "Oh, please!" from Earll, who scolded Sprague for what she
called the "cutesiness" of his claims that the group was not lobbying.

"By not registering, you look like you're hiding something," Earll chided
Sprague.

Sprague gave as good as he got, suggesting the two committees should look at the
lobbying that went on over several issues in the table-games legislation,
approved on Jan. 6.

"If I were in your position, I'd take a look at [that] rather than this Mickey
Mouse thing," Sprague said of the hearing.

He later noted that an extension of time to open Foxwoods, a second casino
planned for Philadelphia, had been slipped into the legislation. He called that
an example of a topic the two committees should focus on.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              752 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          November 30, 1994, Wednesday

Georgian leaves Clinton team for lobbying job

BYLINE: By Ken Foskett STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section B; Page 2

LENGTH: 225 words


A Georgian in President Clinton's administration is leaving his job to head up
an Atlanta office for a Texas-based lobbying firm, the company announced
Tuesday.

Keith Mason, Clinton's deputy director of intergovernmental affairs, will begin
working for Public Strategies Inc. on Jan. 1.

Mason said he had no regrets about leaving Washington. "I didn't come here to
make a career inside the Beltway," he said.

Clinton's slumping political fortunes did not influence his decision to leave,
Mason said. "I've enjoyed my experience with the president. It's been a real
honor and pleasure to work with him."

Public Strategies specializes in advising private companies on public policy
issues and helping them work with governments.

Before joining the Clinton administration in August 1993, Mason was a senior
aide to Gov. Zell Miller. In Washington, he earned an annual salary of $ 92,500.

"Keith has a deep understanding of Georgia, of the state's people and the issues
that concern them," said Matthew Dowd, PSI's president. "I look forward to a
long, fruitful relationship with him and a bright future for our new office in
Atlanta."

Although Mason will be based in Atlanta, his responsibilities will include other
parts of the country. Company officials said they planned to make public a list
of Georgia clients in the coming weeks.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH943350276

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mug shot of Keith Mason

                    copyright 19** the atlanta constitution


                              753 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 6, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Scandal? What scandal? Congress ducks ethics reform

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 545 words


Back in January, Congress arrived in Washington for the start of a new session
on the heels of two lobbying scandals. In California, Republican Rep. Randy
"Duke" Cunningham had pleaded guilty to pocketing $2.4 million in bribes from a
defense contractor, including a yacht, a Rolls Royce and rooms full of antiques.
In another plea bargain reached just down the street from the Capitol,
well-known Washington lobbyist Jack Abramoff had admitted fraud and conspiracy
and promised to help prosecutors investigate more corruption in Congress.

Democrats and Republicans were so worried about voter backlash, they fell all
over each other proposing grand schemes for reform and promising quick action.
This week, as Congress returned to Washington for a brief session before the
elections, major reform had been all but abandoned. Leaders in the House and
Senate were talking instead about a few wisps of change, if that.

Did something happen during the intervening eight months to make reform
unnecessary?

No, quite the contrary. The scandals just kept coming:

*In May, prosecutors filed documents in a federal probe of Rep. William
Jefferson, D-La., asserting that the congressman was videotaped in 2005
accepting $100,000 from an investor wearing an FBI wire. A few days after that
exchange, FBI agents found $90,000 in cash stuffed inside Jefferson's home
freezer.

*Later in May, Neil Volz, a former aide to Rep. Bob Ney, R-Ohio, and lobbying
colleague of Abramoff, testified in federal court about the way Capitol Hill
works: "I was given tickets to sporting events, concerts, free food, free meals.
In return, I gave preferential treatment to my lobbying buddies." In August, Ney
announced he wouldn't seek re-election.

Congress' answer to this ethics catastrophe has been a pair of competing
measures in the House and Senate, which fall far short of what was promised in
January but allow incumbents campaigning for re-election to claim they "voted
for lobbying reform."

Don't believe it. Both measures would provide modest changes, such as requiring
better disclosure of lobbying expenditures and of the sponsors of "earmarks,"
special favors for lobbyists inserted quietly into spending bills.

Yet both ignore the most egregious activities. They wouldn't, for example, ban
members from taking privately funded trips to resorts or cut-rate travel on
corporate jets.

Rep. David Dreier, R-Calif., named by House Speaker Dennis Hastert last January
to oversee reform, blames Democrats for its failure. Certainly, House Democrats
have not been much help, and the sleaze has been bipartisan. But Republicans
hold majorities in the House and Senate. If reform was a priority, it would
happen. Instead, Hastert has not even gotten around to naming lawmakers to a
House-Senate committee needed to reconcile the two reform bills.

New laws and rules won't stop people such as Cunningham, who did what crooks do:
They steal. They're also a small minority.

The real scandal in Washington is what's permissible, the gift-giving and
favor-trading between lobbyists and lawmakers that's standard operating
procedure. If lawmakers haven't learned that taking gifts, meals and lavish
trips from people seeking favors looks an awful lot like bribery, then maybe the
voters will teach them come Nov. 7.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Suzy Parker, USA TODAY, Source: USA TODAY/Gallup Poll of
1,000 adults June 23-25, 2006 (Bar graph)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: DEBATE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                          February 15, 2006 Wednesday

Thomas Adviser Leaves Panel for C2 Group

BYLINE: Kate Ackley, ROLL CALL STAFF

SECTION: K STREET FILES

LENGTH: 727 words


The C2 Group, a lobbying shop, has snagged one of the most sought-after Capitol
Hill aides from the Ways and Means Committee: Shahira Knight, most recently the
senior adviser to the panel's chairman, Rep. Bill Thomas (R-Calif.).

"She is someone who is recognized as being one of the top players on the Hill,"
said C2 Group co-founder Tom Crawford. "She is the rare person who combines a
real knowledge and expertise on the process, policy, substance and politics."

Knight, who will join C2 later this month, has been with the Ways and Means
Committee since 1999. Her most recent position included heading up the
committee's legislative operations and acting as the panel's top policy adviser
and political strategist.

Her tenure on the committee included a stint on the policy staff of the
subcommittee on Social Security. Knight has worked on such legislation as the
Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001, the Job Creation and
Worker Assistance Act of 2002, the Medicare Modernization Act of 2003 and the
Tax Relief Extension Reconciliation Act of 2005, among others.

Before joining Ways and Means, Knight was an associate at
PricewaterhouseCoopers. She could not be reached for comment Tuesday.

Lobbying sources said that several other firms had courted her, including
Washington Council Ernst & Young.

Bottom Line Boost. Terry Haines, a former lobbyist from the now-defunct
Alexander Strategy Group, has joined the growing Washington, D.C., lobbying
practice at the Pittsburgh-based law firm Buchanan Ingersoll.

Haines, who served as chief counsel and staff director on the House Financial
Services Committee under Chairman Mike Oxley (R-Ohio), lands at Buchanan
Ingersoll after the ASG imploded in the wake of the Jack Abramoff lobbying
scandal.

ASG had been a leading firm in both influence and revenue until two of its
partners, Tony Rudy and Ed Buckham, became embroiled in the federal corruption
probe surrounding Abramoff. Both Rudy and Buckham were one-time aides to Rep.
Tom DeLay (R-Texas), who gave up a planned comeback as House Majority Leader
after Abramoff pleaded guilty to federal charges in January.

Ron Platt, who heads the Buchanan Ingersoll lobbying practice, said when he
joined his current firm from Greenberg Traurig in August 2004, Buchanan's annual
lobbying revenues were around $900,000. Now, the practice is up to 11
professionals from three and brought in $4.2 million in 2005. Platt said he
expects Haines' practice to give the firm's bottom line an additional boost.

"I don't know the exact dollar amount," Platt said. "Terry is in the process now
of meeting with his clients and talking about being here. The impressions I get
is he's getting a very positive response, and I expect him to have a substantial
impact, especially on the profitability of the practice."

Lobbying records show that Haines' clients have included Fannie Mae, Freddie
Mac, Microsoft and the American Bankers Association, among others.

Platt said he first met Haines in the late 1980s, when Haines was a counsel on
the House Energy and Commerce Committee. When word broke that the ASG was
closing its doors, Platt said he jumped at the opportunity to nab him. "I think
from the beginning to the end of the whole process, it wasn't more than three
and a half weeks. We moved pretty quickly," Platt said.

Before signing on in 2001 to Oxley's committee, where he worked on legislation
such as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, Haines was a lobbyist with Boland & Madigan, a
Cassidy & Associates-owned firm that has since become the Rhoads Group. In
addition to financial services clients, Haines focuses on telecommunications and
technology issues. He served as chief of staff to the chairman of the Federal
Communications Commission during then-President George H.W. Bush's
administration.

Platt, a Democrat and a former colleague of Abramoff's at Greenberg Traurig, was
drawn into the Abramoff situation after a recent Associated Press story said he
lobbied the office of Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) in 2001 over a
minimum wage issue. Platt later issued a statement saying that he simply had
asked a Reid staffer about when pending minimum wage legislation would be voted
on by the Senate.

Platt told Roll Call that he and Abramoff had a falling out shortly after
Abramoff joined Greenberg Traurig and that they did not work on clients
together.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Roll Call, Inc.


                              755 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             April 24, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Lobbyist helps city find dollars;
Law firm rubs elbows with agents of over 1,400 other local governments

BYLINE: KRIS KITTO The Herald-Sun Washington Bureau

SECTION: DURHAM; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 616  words


Editor's note: Coming Monday is a look at Durham County's legislative lobbying
effort.

WASHINGTON -- They're neither legislators nor congressional staffers, but they
fight for the city of Durham on Capitol Hill.

They are the Durham city government's private lobbyists, members of a
multibillion-dollar Washington industry that works to sway the federal
government toward a variety of special interests.

According to a national report released this month by The Center for Public
Integrity, Durham is one of more than 1,400 local governments that together have
spent in excess of $357 million in the past six years to have extra voices plead
their cases for more federal money or tailored laws.

Durham City Manager Patrick Baker said that as the city continues to grow, it
needs a stronger presence in Washington to compete with the many other special
interests vying for federal dollars. Law firm Jorden Burt has represented the
city since February 2004; for three years before that, Durham retained Capital
Links Inc.

"As our need for services continues to increase, we're constantly looking at as
many sources of revenue as possible," Baker said.

Before Durham used a lobbying firm, the city had no coordinated effort in going
after federal money, he said. Now he looks to Jorden Burt to help Durham be more
methodical in competing for funds.

"Paying for that knowledge, I think, is a benefit to the citizens of Durham," he
said.

Durham's monetary contribution to the lobbying industry is modest.

Public documents from Congress show Durham spent approximately $40,000 on
directly lobbying of members of Congress or their staffs in 2004. That put it on
a par with other North Carolina cities, including Henderson, Concord, Cary and
Asheville. Charlotte spent $60,000 on paid Capitol Hill lobbying, while Raleigh
spent less than $10,000.

A Durham city official said the city pays Jorden Burt $75,000 annually. Marilyn
Berry Thompson, chief lobbyist at Jorden Burt, said the $35,000 not accounted
for in Congress' records goes toward consulting and advisory services.

Thompson said her 10-member team spends long hours on Capitol Hill attending
congressional hearings and other meetings to look for opportunities for Durham.

In the past year, Jorden Burt has helped Durham secure federal funds for the
Triangle Transit Authority regional rail project and the Durham Police
Department's law enforcement technology initiative, she said.

She also said the firm has advised city officials on how to better access
federal grants given to the state that are earmarked for efforts such as
homeland security or community- and faith-based initiatives.

Though Thompson said her firm works closely with the North Carolina delegation,
Rep. David Price, D-4th, Durham's congressman, said lobbying does not change his
commitment to all of the area's issues.

"In some cases, cities or communities find that lobbyists can be helpful for
things like identifying federal agency grant opportunities," he said. "But my
advocacy for a community need or project remains the same, regardless of whether
the group is represented by a lobbyist."

Thompson said that among her firm's most important work for Durham is the slow
process of relationship-building with legislators and federal officials.

"This is the kind of system that takes a lot of time to grab hold," she said.

Several prominent North Carolina companies and organizations also use lobbyists
to press their issues.

Tobacco company R.J. Reynolds has spent the most money of any North Carolina
company or organization, racking up approximately $19 million in lobbying bills
since 1998.

Research Triangle Institute has spent nearly $850,000 in lobbying over the same
time period.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mug: BAKER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 The Durham Herald Co.


                              756 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 23, 2006 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

State Commission Hints at Inquiry Into Legality of Faso's Lobbying Activity

BYLINE: By MICHAEL COOPER

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 334 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Sept. 22


As several Democrats and civic groups called Friday for an investigation into
whether John Faso, the Republican nominee for governor, should have registered
as a lobbyist for some work he performed last year, an official at the state's
lobbying commission suggested that an inquiry could already be under way.

The calls to investigate Mr. Faso came after The New York Times reported on
Friday that Mr. Faso had been in constant contact with the governor's office
trying to obtain legislation last year when he was hired as a lawyer for the
Public Asset Fund, a state entity charged with selling billions of dollars of
state-owned stock. Mr. Faso argued that the fund was simply an arm of
government, so he did not have to register as a lobbyist.

''It is so clearly not a subject of the lobbying law as to be laughable,'' Mr.
Faso said on Friday.

But several groups called on Friday for an investigation by the lobbying
commission, including Common Cause/NY and Assemblyman Alexander B. Grannis, a
Manhattan Democrat who is chairman of the Assembly's Insurance Committee.

The executive director of the state's lobbying commission, David M. Grandeau,
suggested that such an investigation might already be under way. Asked about the
case, he said, ''We don't comment on pending investigations.''

Asked if he could comment if there were no investigation, he said,
''Absolutely.''

He then declined to elaborate on the case.

After Mr. Faso was hired by the fund, which held shares of stock of a health
insurance company called WellChoice, another firm called WellPoint bought the
company, sending the value of the state's shares higher.

A financial disclosure form that Mr. Faso filed with the state when he started
his run for governor indicates that his wife, Mary Frances, owns more than
$1,000 in WellPoint stock. On the form, WellPoint is the only stock listed.

Mr. Faso said that his wife inherited the shares from her grandmother, and that
they had no bearing on his work for the asset fund.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              757 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 30, 2007 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

State Is Investigating Lobbyist About Source of Contributions

BYLINE: By MICHAEL COOPER

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 511 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Jan. 29


The state lobbying commission is investigating whether an Albany lobbyist masked
the source of some of his clients' political contributions by charging the
clients for appearing at fund-raisers and then making campaign donations in his
own name, according to court papers filed here Monday.

The lobbyist, James B. Crane II, made a $350 donation on April 8, 2003, to a
Republican state senator, Thomas P. Morahan, according to the court papers and
campaign finance records. The court papers state that Mr. Crane's lobbying firm
billed one of its clients, Duane Reade, $350 for attending a fund-raiser for
Senator Morahan that day. The papers say that the firm regularly charged clients
for appearing at fund-raisers.

''If, in fact, there was some effort here to pass election contributions in a
manner which, intentionally or otherwise, hides the actual donor or otherwise
evades the election law, there are obvious ramifications under the lobbying act
where, as here, a client was billed for such sums by a lobbyist,'' David
Grandeau, the executive director of the lobbying commission, wrote in papers
filed in State Supreme Court in Albany.

Mr. Crane currently works at a lobbying firm with former Attorney General Dennis
C. Vacco, a Republican. At the time of the donations that attracted the
attention of the lobbying commission, Mr. Crane worked at Powers, Crane &
Company with William D. Powers, a former state Republican Party chairman.

Neither Mr. Crane nor a lawyer said to be representing him responded to phone
calls or an e-mail message seeking comment on Monday.

The court papers, which were filed as part of an effort by the lobbying
commission to force Mr. Crane to comply with a subpoena, pull the veil back a
bit on the secretive world of lobbyists and the large campaign donations they
make.

Lobbyists are among the biggest campaign donors in Albany, and they are the main
target for the many fund-raisers that lawmakers hold in the capital on nights
when the Legislature is in session -- a practice the Spitzer administration
would like to ban. Several lobbying firms have their own political action
committees to make donations.

But the court papers state that Mr. Crane's firm regularly sent invoices to
clients for appearing at fund-raisers -- and sometimes billed more than one
client $500 to appear at the same fund-raiser.

The court papers state that the lobbying commission has received invoices
showing that Powers, Crane & Company billed Duane Reade, the New York State
Laborers Political Action Committee and Delaware North Companies for attending
fund-raisers.

The invoices sent to Duane Reade show that the firm charged from $350 to $1,000
for attending the fund-raisers, according to the court papers. The papers state
that the expenses do not appear on filings that the firm made to the lobbying
commission.

The commission turned up no records with the Board of Elections showing that
Duane Reade had made political contributions on the dates of the fund-raisers,
but did find a number of contributions made by Mr. Crane.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              758 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Country Today

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                            March 1, 2006 Wednesday

Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y., Washington in brief column

BYLINE: Jerry Reynolds, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1192 words


Mar. 1--INOUYE RIDS LOBBYING BILL OF INDIAN PROVISIONS: It was no surprise to
see Sen. Daniel Inouye, D-Hawaii, covering the flanks of Indian country Feb. 28
with a voice amendment to strike Indian provisions from a lobbying reform bill.

Three weeks earlier, at a Senate Indian Affairs Committee hearing on lobbying
reform and tribes, Inouye's persistent questioning had elicited testimony to the
effect that "horrendous abuse" by tribes of the laws on political donations
simply is not happening. His amendment to a lobbying reform package offered by
Sen. Trent Lott, R-Miss., purged the bill of measures that would have forced
tribes to report political campaign contributions to the federal Election
Commission.

But what was this about the Senate Rules Committee, which voted by voice to
adopt Inouye's amendment? Inouye is strongly associated with the Senate Indian
Affairs Committee.

In both the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Rules Committee is one
of the most important committees in Congress. Legislation often requires a
ruling by the committee before it can proceed to debate on the House or Senate
floor, and that ruling shapes the debate.

The Rules Committee on the House side has gained a higher profile recently as
Democrats have asked the legislative cable TV channel C-SPAN to cover its
proceedings, according to The Hill newspaper, which covers the political process
in Congress. A Hill article reported that House Rules Committee meetings take
place at night, often, Democrats argue, with little notice under emergency
proceedings. Republicans, as the majority party in both chambers, can dictate
"amendments or substitute bills" that "ultimately determine law."

In the Senate, on lobbying reform at least, the Rules Committee has operated
with greater collegiality as Lott, the committee chairman, has permitted
amendments to his bill on points of disagreement.

As of this writing, the Lott bill has been combined with another lobbying reform
bill passed out of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee of
the Senate. Still alive is a point-of-order rule that would permit congressional
members to kill "earmarks," home-state spending amendments attached without
debate to an unrelated bill late in the legislative process, without sinking the
larger bill. Earmarks are the recognized essence of "pork-barrel politics."

In addition, as of this writing, the bill would demand accountability in
so-called grass-roots lobbying, efforts by lobbying firms to "get out the vote"
in local communities. Currently, grass-roots lobbying expenditures go
unreported. Tribes, like the Pokagon Band of Potawatomi Indians in Michigan,
have argued that anti-casino groups are financed secretively by various
interests, and some of such funding might become public knowledge if the
grass-roots lobbying reform measure makes it into law.

Another open question in the Senate's lobbying reform bill is whether it will
accommodate reform of campaign financing, for instance through stiffer
regulations on "soft money," a resource Democrats are not readily going to give
up and Republicans are just as determined to foreclose. Soft-money financing is
known as 527 money, after a previous campaign financing reform measure that
fostered its growth.

Also in the Senate, John McCain, R-Ariz., has not given up on lobbying reform
measures directed at tribes in the interest of greater transparency around
political contributions.

SENATE COMMITTEE SUBMITS BUDGET RECOMMENDATIONS: In round two of the annual
debate over federal budgeting, the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs has filed
its views and estimates letter with the Senate Committee on the Budget. The
18-page document and addenda respond to President Bush's budget request for
fiscal year 2007. Every committee of Congress submits a views and estimates
letter as guidance to the Budget Committee, which weighs in with its decisions
before the process moves on to the Appropriations Committee. Ultimately, a
budget resolution must be agreed upon in both the Senate and the House of
Representatives.

Sens. Daniel Inouye of Hawaii, Byron Dorgan of North Dakota, and Tim Johnson of
South Dakota are among the Democrats on the Senate Appropriations Committee; all
are reliable champions of Indian country, and they have Indian-friendly allies
on the committee as well. Accordingly, the prospect for restoring funding to
Indian programs canceled or cut back by the president has to be considered
decent. But the federal budget for fiscal year 2007, beginning in October, is
very tight. One legislative staff member on Capitol Hill summed up the budget
process that will play out this year in one word: "Grim."

The Senate Committee on Indian Affairs is urging the Bush administration to
support a budget resolution in support of reauthorizing the Indian Health Care
Improvement Act, settling the Cobell v. Norton litigation over Indian trust
funds, providing for annual adjustments in funding to the IHS and meeting the
dramatic need for infrastructure development throughout Indian country.

In particular, the committee suggests establishment of a reserve fund to meet
the expense of settling the trust funds litigation, and recommends the
restoration of funding for urban Indian health care, housing and technical
assistance for homeownership, the Johnson O'Malley education program, school
construction, construction of correctional and health facilities, clean water,
roads maintenance, contract support costs, welfare assistance, law enforcement,
land consolidation and youth suicide prevention.

POMBO OFFERS BILL TO END 'RESERVATION SHOPPING': Rep. Richard Pombo of
California introduced a bill March 8 that would outlaw "reservation shopping,"
defined in an accompanying press release as "exploiting a loophole in the Indian
Gaming Regulatory Act" to acquire off-reservation lands for gaming purposes.

"This will put local communities in control and encourage economic opportunities
for tribes at the same time," Pombo said of House Bill 4893. Pombo, a
Republican, chairs the House Resources Committee. The bill has been posted on
the Internet at http://resourcescommittee.house.gov.

The bill would repeal the two-part determination test of IGRA that currently
permits tribes to meet stiff tests for acquiring off-reservation trust land and
then to establish casino operations there. The bill would also provide for
community participation at the front end of casino-siting decisions, and require
tribes to work with communities for the mitigation of gaming's effects on local
infrastructure. Finally, the bill would ban tribal casinos outside a tribe's
host state and create "Indian Gaming Zones," in which a tribe could host another
tribe's gaming facility on an existing reservation that already allows gaming.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2006, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on
republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914
(worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060301-IC-WASHINGTON-COL-20060301

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2006 Indian Country Today


                              759 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                            January 27, 2009 Tuesday

National: Erminegate affair: Peer review: Lords paid by lobbying firms

SECTION: GUARDIAN HOME PAGES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 335 words


Six peers who work for or have ownership in lobbying companies

Lord Rogan

An Ulster Unionist politician, Dennis Rogan earns £15,000 a year as chairman of
Stakeholder Communications. He has declared his involvement as parliamentary
lobbying. Stakeholder claims extensive knowledge of the workings of the UK, US
and EU.

Lord Chadlington

The former journalist who founded Shandwick PR company is now chief executive of
Huntsworth plc, which has subsidiary firms involved in lobbying. He earns an
estimated £30,000 for advising private equity companies on issues currently
being examined by the Commons treasury select committee.

Lord Alton of Liverpool

Crossbench peer David Alton has a small shareholding in Precise Communications,
which he describes as working in a range of areas including PR and lobbying. It
is amalgamated with Unique Communications, which has an affiliated company,
Precise Public Affairs offering workshops on subjects including lobbying. He
says he has undertaken no such work on their behalf and has received no
remuneration to date.

Baroness Barker

According to her entry in the register of interests Elizabeth Barker, a Lib Dem
peer, receives £250 a month for acting as a consultant to MeetingPlace
Communications, a public affairs consultancy.

Lord Stevenson of Coddenham

Under the parliamentary lobbying section of the register of members interests,
cross-bench peer Dennis Stevenson has declared a 4% stake in Lexington
Communications which describes itself as one of the UK's leading public affairs
and communications agencies with extensive government relations capabilities. In
the register Lord Stevenson says he has done no work on behalf of the company.

Lord Bell

Tory peer Tim Bell is chairman and a paid director of Chime Communications,
which he lists on the register of interests under parliamentary lobbying. His
firm owns Bell Pottinger Public Affairs and Good Relations Political, both
government relations advisors.

There is no suggestion that any of these peers has behaved improperly

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              760 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                            March 20, 2013 Wednesday

Spending by lobbyist principals in Minnesota in 2012 exceeds $54 million

BYLINE: Charley Shaw

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 322  words


The Minnesota Campaign Finance and Public Disclosure Board has released the
annual amounts that firms spent on lobbying in 2012. They spent more than $54
million for the year, which was down from $65 million in 2011. There were still
more lobbyist principals who hadn't reported the numbers as of the March 15
deadline.

The decline from 2011 reflects the trend that spending is usually higher in odd
numbered years when the session is longer and lobbyists stay busy influencing
the state budget process. The 2012 numbers carry the caveat that lobbying the
Minnesota Public Utilities Commission (PUC), which amounts to another $2.5
million in lobbying spending, is for the first time reported separately. The
reporting is the most complete picture of the lobbying business because it
includes the amount that's spent on lobbyist compensation. The expense reports
that are filed by individual lobbyists don't include compensation. The following
are the top spenders with a cutoff of $340,000.



Minnesota Chamber of Commerce: $2 million ($200,000 was also spent lobbying the
PUC)

Education Minnesota: $1.04 million

Minnesota Business Partnership: $880,000

MN AFL-CIO: $860,000

Minneapolis Radiation Oncology Physicians: $640,000

Minnesota Indian Gaming Association: $627,000

Coalition of Minnesota Businesses: $620,000

League of Minnesota Cities: $620,000

Minnesota Vikings: $610,000

Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe: $575,000

Prairie Island Dakota Community: $540,000

Minnesota School Boards Association: $480,000

Flint Hills Resources: $440,000

Altria (formerly Philip Morris): $420,000

Minnesota Association of Realtors: $410,000

Xcel Energy: $378,000 ($790,000 also spent to lobby the PUC)

Coalition of Minnesota Cities: $360,000

MinnCAN: $360,000

Minnesota Insurance & Financial Services Council: $340,000

<a href="http://www.legal-ledger.com/be-the-first-to-know/">Click here for more
from this resource. </a>

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 21, 1998, Monday, Final Edition

Sorry, That Connection Has Been Disconnected

Al Kamen

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A27; THE FEDERAL PAGE; IN THE LOOP

LENGTH: 913 words



House Speaker-designate Bob Livingston's decision Saturday to resign from
Congress next year after admitting adultery on several occasions stunned his
colleagues. It probably also disappointed lots of people who were banking on the
New Orleans Republican becoming speaker.

For example, lobbying firms around town report receiving a letter just days
before from a lawyer named Kenneth Randall Evans.

"I wanted to let you know that Evans & Clesi [a six-member firm] is now
available to assist you with your congressional lobbying efforts," Evans wrote.
"In fact, our New Orleans law firm will be opening an office in Washington,
D.C., in the near future so we can better represent our existing and future
clients."

"I've been involved in New Orleans politics for 22 years, getting my start in
Bob Livingston's first campaign for Congress, and being involved in all of his
campaigns since then," Evans wrote, noting he's been "treasurer of the New
Orleans Republican Headquarters and have chaired several political organizations
in New Orleans. My New Orleans clients have found this involvement to be
helpful, and I suspect it could be beneficial to your clients." Indeed.

"Since our present practice involves primarily insurance defense and employment
litigation," he said, "it is not our intention to open a 'full service' lobbying
office. Rather, we see our firm as being a member of your lobbying team,
bringing a New Orleans perspective to the issue at hand."

Now that Rep. J. Dennis Hastert (R-Ill.) appears to be the anointed speaker,
wonder how much that New Orleans perspective will matter.


Agency's Inquiry Backfires


Perry Mason move over. U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service gumshoes figured they had
the perfect technique to snare the killers of rare Mexican gray wolves in New
Mexico: an eight-page questionnaire.

The questionnaire went to 240 elk hunters licensed to hunt near Luna, N.M., on
Nov. 7, where one of five wolves shot this year was found dead.

"Dear Hunter," the Dec. 14 cover letter from special agent K. Kessler began,
"Your completion of this questionnaire" and returning it in seven days will keep
agents "from meeting with you in person."

The wolf was shot "during the time that you were hunting," the first question
said. "How would you explain this? Please write IN DETAIL your ideas."

Then things got tougher. "Before you answer the following questions we would
like to inform you that each word of your answers will be evaluated," so "take
your time and think before you answer. Do you know who shot the wolf? Did you
shoot the wolf? Did you take part in shooting the wolf?"

Our favorite is the series of questions on the last page, including: "How do you
feel now that you have completed this form? Should we believe your answers to
the questions? If your answer to the last question was yes, give us one reason
why." Also, "what were your emotions while filling out this form? Did you feel
afraid while completing this form?"

Seems most hunters weren't afraid; they were furious. One of the last questions
asked was: "What would you say if it was later determined that the answers on
this form are not the truth?"

Probably you'd say what the Fish and Wildlife Service folks said Friday: "Never
mind." The Fish and Wildlife Service "will be sending out another questionnaire
next week explaining the situation," spokeswoman Megan Durham said Friday.

Service Director Jamie Rappaport Clark "is reviewing the use of the
questionnaire in this situation," which Durham said was "highly charged" over
the shootings of the rare wolves, reintroduced to the wild this year.

There's no evidence a hunter shot the wolf, she said, and the survey was a
standard procedure to get information. "We value the contributions of hunters to
wildlife conservation and regret if any have been offended," Durham said.


Limping in the Rain


So how did Assistant Secretary of State James P. Rubin chip his ankle during a
recent Paris trip? Seems he and spouse Christiane Amanpour, now CNN's Baghdad
rooftop anchor, were trying to hail a cab -- difficult in Paris even for such
glitterati -- and not having luck. She was getting miffed. He decided to do a
Gene Kelly "Singing in the Rain" bit to cheer her up. Gallant but maybe not
quite as agile as he used to be, Rubin was dancing in the street, when he jumped
over a pile of cardboard boxes on the sidewalk. The jump was fine but he didn't
stick the landing, coming down instead on his ankle.

Next thing you know he's in the hospital being treated for a swollen and painful
ankle. The doctor asked: "Where are the bite marks?"

Bite marks? Ah, he must have been thinking of Air Force Lt. Gen. Robert H.
Fogelsong, who also was being treated there after a dog bit him while he was
jogging.


New Counterterrorism Coordinator at State


Also at the State Department, Michael A. Sheehan, a retired Army lieutenant
colonel, former Green Beret and now deputy assistant secretary for international
organization affairs, is moving over to be counterterrorism coordinator with the
rank of ambassador. Sheehan, who served in Somalia and Haiti, worked for
Secretary Madeleine K. Albright at the United Nations, and at the National
Security Council in the Bush and Clinton administrations. And word is the i's
are being dotted and the t's crossed on the nomination of former deputy
secretary of energy Charles B. Curtis to be the next Air Force secretary.


LOAD-DATE: December 21, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              762 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

The Md. lobbying game: Behind the 'Maternity' coalition

BYLINE: Daniel Leaderman

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 3218  words


Del. Geraldine Valentino-Smith had a question for the lobbyist testifying in
March before her committee:

Who are you representing?

The lobbyist, Sean Malone, didn't have a clear answer. He was there on behalf of
a group called the Maryland Maternity Access Coalition, which advocates for the
creation of a special fund for babies injured during birth.

"It's a relatively broad organization: citizens, local organizations, health
care providers --," Malone said.

Unsatisfied, Valentino-Smith, a Democrat from Prince George's County, cut him
off. She pressed him to identify a couple of the organizations. Malone named six
hospitals and health systems, most from the Baltimore area, that contributed to
the coalition.

He also said he didn't know where the organization got its money. When the
delegate asked again if hospitals were the main participants in the coalition,
Malone replied that he hadn't looked at everyone who was a member.

"I can't answer that," he said.

Neither, apparently, will the coalition. The group has released public opinion
polls, hosted a press conference and phone-in town hall discussion and produced
a 60-second Internet commercial in support of the proposed fund, but it declined
several requests from The Daily Record to discuss its members, its finances and
the contributions it has received from local hospitals.

The story of the Maryland Maternity Access Coalition and how it operates is
emblematic of the high-stakes and sometimes secretive business of public policy
advocacy in Annapolis, other state capitals and the District of Columbia.

The rules of the game work like this: personalize a lobbying drive with average
citizens as the face of the campaign; line up powerful institutional players to
finance the endeavor behind the scenes; and enlist the services of
well-connected public relations professionals to orchestrate a multimedia
campaign.

The PR firm in this case - KO Public Affairs - is so interwoven with the
coalition's activities that the two have sometimes listed the same office
location in Baltimore.

To be sure, the access coalition itself is up against one of Maryland's lobbying
behemoths, the state's trial lawyers association, which rebranded itself as the
Maryland Association for Justice in its own image-burnishing makeover a few
years ago. The MAJ is dead-set against the birth injury fund proposal.

Hiring communications firms to publicize a cause is nothing new, but experts say
using those firms to launch campaigns that give the impression of broad,
grassroots support - a practice sometimes dubbed "AstroTurf lobbying" by critics
- is becoming increasingly common.

Numerous instances have been reported in the health care and energy industries,
and corporate heavyweights such as Wal-Mart and McDonald's have been criticized
for their roles in such campaigns.

Observers say this type of lobbying is alarming when the organizations aren't
transparent about their roots and their supporters - particularly if lawmakers
can't tell whose interests are really being advocated.

As Geraldino-Smith put it in a recent interview with The Daily Record: Is the
coalition "bubbling from the ground up or ... an orchestrated presentation"?

 'Bad outcomes in babies'

A fund to compensate families for the injuries suffered during childbirth is an
idea that is driven by numbers. Here are some of them:

In June 2012, there was a $55 million judgment - it was later reduced to $28.2
million -- against The Johns Hopkins Hospital in a birth-injury case as well as
a $20.9 million award in another suit involving a delivery at Washington
Adventist Hospital. The following month, a jury awarded $21 million to the
family of a baby born at MedStar Harbor Hospital. In 2013, jurors awarded $16.2
million in a case against Prince George's Hospital Center.

These eight-figure awards have driven up malpractice insurance costs, advocates
of the birth injuries fund say. Maryland's increasingly perilous medical
liability climate has led to a "looming crisis" that could leave the state's
women with insufficient access to obstetrical care in the future, they warn.
Look at Philadelphia, where 13 hospitals shut down maternity wards over a
15-year period.

"A lot of the cases being brought are not about medical malpractice, they're
about bad outcomes in babies," said Dr. John Chessare, CEO of Greater Baltimore
Medical Center.

The proposed fund, modeled after existing systems in Virginia and Florida, would
provide compensation for claims of injuries sustained during delivery as long as
no lawsuits were brought by the victims. Similar funds have been used to
compensate people exposed to asbestos; the federal government operates a fund to
compensate those injured by vaccines.

By taking advantage of the fund, families would be able to get their claims
resolved more quickly than with a malpractice suit that might be dragged out
through the court system, said Carmela Coyle, president and CEO of the Maryland
Hospital Association.

"Hospitals support making sure families are taken care of," Coyle said.

Legislation that would create a Maryland birth-injury fund has been introduced
in previous years by Del. Dan K. Morhaim, a doctor who represents Baltimore
County, and state Sen. Catherine Pugh of Baltimore, both Democrats.

Pugh said her niece was injured during birth and that hospitals approached her
to discuss creating a birth-injury fund before she first sponsored the bill in
2014.

The most recent version of the bill, which has died in committee during the last
two legislative sessions, called for the state's hospitals and obstetricians to
pay annual premiums to support the fund. Officials estimate that about seven
babies born in Maryland each year would be eligible for the fund.

Morhaim, who has backed the idea as far back as 2005, said the current system
allows some children who suffered birth injuries to get help, but not others. He
also recalls a pediatric emergency case he saw that dragged on for years before
a settlement was reached.

But the proposed fund has drawn strong opposition from attorneys who represent
the injured and their families.

"There's no evidence of a looming crisis," said attorney George S. Tolley III of
the Maryland Association for Justice, formerly known as the Maryland Trial
Lawyers Association.

The price of malpractice insurance in Maryland is lower now than it was 10 years
ago and there's more competition in the marketplace, Tolley said, citing annual
reports from the Maryland Insurance Administration.

Concerns over large verdicts in malpractice suits are also overblown, Tolley
told the House Judiciary Committee earlier this year.

Take, for instance, the $55 million judgment against Johns Hopkins. That
judgment was first reduced, then overturned by the Maryland Court of Special
Appeals in 2013, he noted.

The fund would also take away the civil rights of the brain-injured children it
seeks to protect by depriving them of their right to sue when they are still
babies, Tolley told lawmakers.

"Contingency fee arrangements are the way the Davids in these conflicts can have
a chance against the Goliaths," Tolley said. "Complaining about what lawyers are
paid is a red herring. "

And one of the arguments used by advocates for the fund - that maternity wards
at three Maryland hospitals - Laurel Regional, the University of Maryland Shore
Medical Center at Chestertown and the University of Maryland Medical Center
Midtown Campus in Baltimore - have been closed in recent years, is misleading:
Those hospitals themselves say the closures were the result of declining birth
rates.

Enter the coalition

In a recent news release, the Maryland Maternity Access Coalition describes
itself as a group of "mothers, doctors, nonprofit medical institutions and
engaged citizens aimed at protecting access to maternity care for women across
the state. "

The articles of incorporation for the coalition, which are on file with the
State Department of Assessments and Taxation, were signed Jan. 13, 2014.

The coalition's president is Beth Laverick, who runs her own marketing and
events-promotions company.

How did she get involved in forming the organization? In an interview, Laverick
said she was asked to take the role of president, but declined to say who issued
that invitation.

When it came to most questions asked by The Daily Record, Laverick deferred to
Ron Boehmer, an associate of KO Public Affairs, one of the state's powerhouse
public relations companies. KO was founded in 2008 by Damian O'Doherty, once an
aide to former Baltimore County Executive Jim Smith, and Steve Kearney, former
director of communications for then-Gov. Martin O'Malley.

On its website, KO describes itself as a strategic communications firm "that
helps clients win where business, government, politics and media meet" and lists
"campaigns/coalitions/causes" among its specialties.

KO appears to have been associated with the Maryland Maternity Access Coalition
since its inception. The witness who signed the organization's incorporation
documents is Howard Libit, the former chief operating officer of KO and now a
spokesman for Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake.

A list of lobbyists and their employers published by the Maryland State Ethics
Commission in August shows the address of the access coalition as 111 South
Calvert St., Suite 2820 - the same office occupied by KO Public Affairs.

The Maryland Maternity Access Coalition also listed KO's Calvert Street address
when making its sole campaign donation, according to state campaign finance
records.

The videos on the coalition's website - which include interviews with Laverick,
Coyle of the Maryland Hospital Association, lawmakers Pugh and Morhaim -- were
created by Center Maryland, a news aggregator website created by KO's founders.

"It's no secret that KO has worked with doctors, medical institutions and
mothers to help with the communications efforts of Maryland Maternity Access
Coalition," KO's Boehmer wrote in an email to The Daily Record. "Presumably,
public relations professionals worked, years ago, with a group of lawyers as
they established the Maryland Trial Lawyers Association - which was later
rebranded as the Maryland Association for Justice. "

The IRS requires tax-exempt organizations to make annual returns and exemption
applications available for public inspection upon request. But the coalition,
which is incorporated as a 501(c)4, denied multiple requests from The Daily
Record to produce copies of its tax filings.

Laverick wrote in an email that "we have and will file all required documents -
which will be publicly available. "

Some information about the coalition's finances can be gleaned from its filing
with the State Ethics Commission. For the 2015 legislative session, the
coalition's expenses include $80,000 paid to lobbyists, including four
representatives from the Baltimore firm of Harris Jones & Malone and five from
the Annapolis-based firm Perry, White, Ross & Jacobsen.

At the hearing before the House Judiciary Committee in March, Malone named six
health systems as financial contributors to the Maryland Maternity Access
Coalition: the University of Maryland Medical System, Mercy Medical System,
Dimensions Healthcare - which operates hospitals in Prince George's County --
Johns Hopkins, Saint Agnes Hospital and GBMC.

Only GBMC and Dimensions would acknowledge both their support of the coalition
and say how much money they contributed: $40,000 each.

Spokeswomen for Saint Agnes Health, Johns Hopkins and Mercy Medical acknowledged
supporting the coalition but declined to say whether they had given it financial
support. UMMS officials said it had made a financial contribution, but would not
divulge the amount.

MedChi, the Maryland Hospital Association, MedStar and Lifebridge,  though
supportive of the coalition's goals,  all said they have not given the
organization any money.

In a Nov. 13 coalition press release, Laverick listed a dozen organizations that
the coalition was "proud to work with" on the issue, but did identify those
groups as members or contributors; a call to the coalition for clarification was
not returned.

Two of those groups, the Mid-Atlantic Association of Community Health Centers
and the Maryland chapter of the American College of Nurse Midwives, said they
supported the birth-injury fund, but had not given the coalition any money.

Another, Catholic Charities of Baltimore, gave the coalition $2,000 in 2014,
according to its executive director, Bill McCarthy.

Mercy officials have been particularly outspoken in their support of a
birth-injury fund, and have worked closely with the Maryland Maternity Access
Coalition to promote the proposal.

Hospital spokesman Dan Collins said in an email that large settlements against
two other health care providers in the city resulted in Mercy Health Services'
credit outlook being downgraded by Standard & Poor's.

Those settlements contributed to a doubling of the health system's insurance
costs in fiscal 2013, according to Moody's Analytics.

Electronic court records show Mercy also saw an increase in OB-GYN-related
malpractice filings a few years ago, going from one case filed in 2010 and 2011
to five cases filed in 2012.

In 2013, Mercy announced it was cutting ties with a midwife practice that
delivered at the hospital, in part due to the rising cost of malpractice
insurance.

The coalition's website includes a video interview with Dr. Cyrus Lawyer, an
obstetrician at Mercy; Boehmer, acting on behalf of the coalition, arranged an
interview with the hospital's head of obstetrics and gynecology, Dr. Robert
Atlas, for a story on obstetrical care that The Daily Record published last
month.

Mercy representatives who have testified in support of the fund in Annapolis
include Atlas; Thomas Dame and Ward Coe, attorneys for the hospital; Dr. Susan
Dulkerian, head of the hospital's neonatal intensive care unit, and Ryan
O'Doherty, Mercy's director of external affairs and strategic communications.

Ryan O'Doherty, who previously served as chief spokesman to Rawlings-Blake and
spokesman for the Maryland Democratic Party, is the younger brother of KO Public
Affairs' co-founder.

 The growth of 'AstroTurf'

Examples of these campaigns abound in Maryland and across the nation.

One of the highest-profile examples in recent years involved Wal-Mart and
Edelman, its public-relations firm.

In 2006, after the retailer had faced criticism of its employment practices from
union groups, a supposedly-grassroots group called "Working Families for
Wal-Mart" sent a pair of bloggers across the country in a recreational vehicle
to interview Wal-Mart employees - who were reportedly unanimous in their praise
of the company.

But the blog was ultimately revealed to be a creation of Edelman, resulting in a
backlash that prompted CEO Richard Edelman to apologize on his blog for "failing
to be transparent about the identity of the two bloggers. "

In 2008, Japan Today reported that McDonald's admitted hiring 1,000 people to
stand in line at one of its restaurants in Osaka the day a new hamburger was
released.

In 2011, when the Baltimore County Council was considering legislation to expand
the number of speed cameras in the county, KO was hired by ACS State and Local
Solutions, the company that held the county's speed camera contract, according
to reports on Patch.com.

Around that time, a Baltimore County Public Schools teacher and mother of two
started a Facebook group supporting the installation of more speed cameras
called "Slow Down for Baltimore County Schools," which was spun-off into a
separate website by the woman's neighbor. The woman told Patch that the neighbor
was Howard Libit, who was still working for KO at the time.

The county council ultimately voted to expand the speed camera program.

Donald F. Norris, chair of the department of public policy at the University of
Maryland, Baltimore County, said the campaign to repeal the estate tax - its now
a staple of the Republican platform - could be seen as one successful example of
the practice.

A report by the nonprofit group Public Citizen traced that campaign to a handful
of billionaire families who financed outside groups such as the Club for Growth
and the Policy and Taxation Group to lobby against the tax.

"It's an incredibly widespread practice, and increasingly so," said Edward
Walker, associate professor of sociology at the University of California, Los
Angeles and author of "Grassroots For Hire: Public Affairs Consultants in
American Democracy. "

"In health care, this kind of thing is relatively common," he said. Sometimes,
companies will create a group out of whole cloth; sometimes they'll find an
existing group that aligns with their interests, Walker said.

Health insurers created third-party groups during the debate over the Affordable
Care Act; WellPoint, now known as Anthem, started a group called the Health
Action Network to rally support against the proposed law, Walker said.

While undisclosed AstroTurf is dangerous, some companies - Uber and AirBnB for
example - have been open about the grassroots efforts they've supported to
advance their interests, Walker said.

But to a local group dedicated to openness in government, the practice raises
concerns about transparency and honesty, said Jennifer Bevan-Dangel, executive
director of Common Cause Maryland, who did not comment on the Maternity Access
Coalition itself.

"We're fortunate in Maryland that our legislators really do have an open ear to
their constituents," Bevan-Dangel said. But lawmakers need to know they're
hearing from real people, she added.

What happens next?

As the 2016 General Assembly session approaches, it's not clear whether the
birth-injury fund will have any additional traction in Annapolis. But the two
groups facing off on opposite end of the issue - the Maryland Association for
Justice and the Maryland Maternity Access Coalition - are ready to engage in the
battle.

The Maryland Association for Justice has made more than 300 political
contributions since 2006, predominantly to Democrats, including giving $10,000
to the Democratic State Central Committee in 2010, 2011, 2013 and 2014,
according to state campaign finance records.

The association also spent more than $130,000 on lobbyists for the 2015 General
Assembly Session, including four representatives from the Annapolis-based firm
Alexander & Cleaver.

The Maternity Access Coalition has made one political donation - $3,000 to the
Republican State Central Committee of Maryland on Dec. 5, 2014.

A second workgroup studying access to obstetrical care in the state - this one
led by the Maryland Hospital Association -- was created by lawmakers in the 2015
session.

That workgroup, whose members include Tolley, is scheduled to deliver its final
report by Dec. 1.

Pugh said she's waiting to see the report before deciding whether she'll
resubmit legislation creating the fund during next year's General Assembly
Session.

Morhaim, who has called for the creation of such a fund for a decade, said he
expects to do so again in the coming session.

"I put in bill long before there were coalitions," he said. "It's something I
believe in. "

Daily Record reporters Bryan P. Sears and Adam Bednar contributed to this
report.





http://www.mddailyrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              763 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 5, 2002, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Tyco paid big bucks to lobby for offshore tax havens

BYLINE: Kevin McCoy

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 481 words

Battling to keep an offshore tax break, Tyco International spent hundreds of
thousands of dollars this year on a squad of Washington lobbyists that included
former senator Bob Dole.

Bob Dole Enterprises was one of at least five firms that Bermuda-incorporated
Tyco hired in a so-far-winning bid to block a crackdown on companies that trim
their tax bills by moving their mailboxes offshore.

The latest available disclosure reports show Tyco spent at least $ 270,000 to
lobby Congress on the tax break and other issues from January through June, when
then-CEO Dennis Kozlowski was being investigated for allegedly evading more than
$ 1 million of New York sales taxes on art purchases.


Kozlowski resigned in June, not long before he was indicted on charges of
evading taxes and reaping hundreds of millions from Tyco through improper loans
and other deals. Prosecutors are now checking whether Kozlowski, who has pleaded
not guilty, evaded New York state and city income taxes.

Tyco, joined by top firms like Arthur Andersen spinoff Accenture, mounted a
major lobbying campaign as Congress reacted to the 2002 business scandals by
considering a cutoff of corporate havens and a federal contract ban on companies
that use them.

The proposals posed a significant threat to Tyco. The company has saved tens of
millions of dollars since its 1997 incorporation in Bermuda via a reverse merger
with ADT, the security systems giant. Tyco also held more than $ 206 million in
federal government contracts during fiscal year 2001.

Tyco spokesman Gary Holmes says the five firms enlisted for the lobbying battle
all represented Tyco "for a number of years," with most of the work unrelated to
Bermuda.

Dole was the most prominent hired gun. His firm received $ 80,000 for the
tax-issue lobbying, congressional records show.

Dole, who first registered as a Tyco lobbyist three months after his wife,
Elizabeth, entered a hotly fought Senate race in North Carolina, no longer
represents the firm, spokesman Doug MacKinnon says.

Other Tyco lobbyists included:

 * The Advocacy Group, a Washington firm that was paid $ 30,000 for work on the
offshore legislation and a homeland security measure.

 * Bergner Bockorny Castagnetti Hawkins & Brain, a Washington firm that got $
60,000 for work on the tax bills and other issues.

 * Greenberg Traurig, a Washington law and lobbying firm that was hired to work
on the tax proposals.

 * Wilmer Cutler & Pickering, a Washington law firm that was paid $ 20,000 to
work on the tax measures.

Also, Tyco Worldwide Service, the firm's Washington office, reported $ 80,000 in
lobbying expenses on the tax bills and issues such as homeland security laws.

Congress adjourned for the 2002 elections without voting on the tax bills. That
is expected to put off debate until next year.

LOAD-DATE: November 05, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, AP; Dole: No longer represents Tyco.

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              764 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                             March 5, 2013 Tuesday

Acquirers Urged to Teach Legislators About Payments

BYLINE: Ed McKinley

SECTION: MERCHANT ACQUIRING Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 511  words


ORLANDO, Fla. - Teaching legislators how electronic payments work could help
protect the industry from unwise regulation, Â according to speakers at the
Southeast Acquirers Association annual conference.

"Sometimes, they're just throwing things against the wall and seeing what
sticks," Stephanie Lusher, Vantiv's senior vice president of sales, said of
lawmakers at the event March 5.

Her comments came during a wide-ranging panel discussion on the "state of the
union" of the acquiring industry.

Another speaker who addressed the need to teach elected officials about industry
basics, Kevin Jones, president of SignaPay, says that the Electronic
Transactions Association has already taken on that task.

As a member of the ETA advisory board, Jones noted that the organization's
leadership has to balance the use of its legislative resources between education
and lobbying.

Lobbying could get a boost if the industry came together to speak with a single
voice, suggested another panelist, Greg Boardman, Ingenico's senior vice
president of product and development and a board member of the Smart Card
Alliance.

Another speaker, consultant Paul Martaus, maintained that acquirers' lobbying
efforts lag behind those of other industries. He cited the work of the Merchants
Payment Coalition, whose objectives are often at odds with those of acquirers.

"We don't have an answer to that," Martaus said of the coalition and its
lobbying.

However, Jones maintained that the ETA has achieved some lobbying success with a
staff of just two.

Most of the lobbying discussion centered on the federal government, but Martaus
pointed out that laws and regulation from state and local government also affect
acquiring.

Moreover, Martaus contended that the industry simply lacks the funds to lobby
effectively.

"Walmart could buy the ETA with its lunch money," he said.

Though it lacks the riches of Walmart, the industry does wield enough financial
power to affect the nation's economy and should focus that clout on advocacy,
Jones maintained.

Whatever one thinks of lobbying prospects, the government's scrutiny of
acquiring seems unlikely to abate anytime soon, according to Lusher.

A friend in Congress reminds her that controlling the currency is one of
government's most basic functions and that these days that also includes
electronic payments, she said.

But new entrants to the acquiring business avoid regulation because they aren't
banks even though they may hold vast sums generated by selling prepaid cards.

And those new entrants frighten the industry's incumbents, noted Martaus. The
newcomers are willing to view payments as a loss leader in their quest for
valuable data, he warned.

Still, the industry's assessment of newcomers, including Google, Dwolla and
Square, is softening as the new entrants form relationships with old-school
players.

The new companies are expanding electronic payments to more retailers which
means more transactions to process even if margins are compressed, said Lusher.

New players also bring new ideas, she said, adding that "innovation is always
good."

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              765 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            January 6, 2011 Thursday

Glodis registers as lobbyist, starts lining up clients

BYLINE: John J. Monahan, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 445 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


Former Worcester County Sheriff Guy W. Glodis has wasted little time moving into
the next phase of his career, setting up a new consulting firm he says will
focus on public relations, community development efforts and legislative
lobbying.

Mr. Glodis yesterday registered as required by the secretary of state's office
as a lobbyist with the Glodis Group, based in Auburn.

He said he is just beginning the work of lining up clients and hopes to use his
experience as a former state representative, state senator and county sheriff to
branch out into public relations and lobbying, while also venturing into media
work as a political analyst with FOX News.

So far he has listed only a single client, Lan-Tel Communications, on his state
lobbying forms, but said he is also in preliminary discussions with the
Massachusetts Correction Officers Federated Union, which represents correction
officers working for the state Department of Correction.

State law prohibits former elected officials from lobbying their former agency
for one year. Mr. Glodis said he has received a letter from the state Ethics
Commission outlining those restrictions.

"I have a ruling from ethics that says I can lobby once I leave office. I just
can't do any lobbying for or with the Worcester County Sheriff's Office," for
one year, Mr. Glodis said. He said that restriction would not affect his work
for the state correction officer's union, or restrict him from lobbying that
involves other sheriff departments or their employees.

He said lobbying will only be one aspect of his business, as he hopes to also
provide public relations and lobbying services to a range of community
organizations and institutions.

"We are in the early stages, but I am going to do a combination of different
things," said the 41-year-old, who at difference phases of his political career
was once the youngest state representative and later the youngest state senator
elected in Worcester County.

"I am also going to work in the public relations field and with the media," he
said. In that regard, he said he has already begun doing some television work as
a political commentator.

"I won't be doing any lobbying work until next week at the earliest," Mr. Glodis
said.

"What makes sense to me is to stay in the field that I worked long and hard in
and am comfortable with and knowledgeable about and have a lot of contacts," Mr.
Glodis said.

Mr. Glodis turned over the keys to the Worcester County Jail to the new sheriff,
former state Rep. Lewis Evangelidis this week, as his six-year term as sheriff
ended. He ran for state auditor last year, losing in the Democratic primary to
Suzanne Bump, who won the general election.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              766 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           December 30, 2006 Saturday

Details revealed in lobbying case;
EX-GONZALES STAFFERS ACCUSED OF CLOAKING MILLIONS IN WORK

BYLINE: Sean Webby and John Woolfolk, Mercury News

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1097 words


Even before leaving office six years ago, a former aide to outgoing Mayor Ron
Gonzales began a complex and illegal scheme to hide lobbying work that netted
him millions, according to court documents obtained Friday by the Mercury News.

As early as 1999, Tony Arreola, then the mayor's deputy chief of staff, set up
his wife as the head of a corporation called Silicon Valley Strategies,
prosecutors allege. Soon after leaving City Hall, they say, Arreola and another
ex-Gonzales staffer, Sharanjit ``Sean'' Kali-Rai, went about lobbying, then
hiding the income by shunting it to the dummy business.

In one instance, the men allegedly received more than $326,000 in city funds
intended for an affordable housing project by misrepresenting why they were
paid. The criminal complaint also says a top local developer and an Arreola
relative helped Arreola conceal his activities, but it was unclear from the
allegations whether those men knew they were doing anything wrong.

The 26-page complaint accuses Arreola and Kali-Rai of conspiracy, perjury and
grand theft for allegedly failing to report lobbying activity on behalf of
developers and property owners soon after leaving City Hall.

``These former public officials were lobbying to the tune of over $2 million and
flat out ignoring the law,'' said Assistant District Attorney Stephen Gibbons.
San Jose's ``revolving door'' ordinance prohibits staffers from lobbying the
city for a year after leaving City Hall.

The charges mark the second criminal complaint filed this year over City Hall
ethics; Gonzales has been indicted on unrelated charges of conspiracy, bribery
and misuse of public funds.

Arreola and Kali-Rai, who joined Gonzales' administration after his inauguration
in 1999 and left in 2000, have declared their innocence. Their attorney, Craig
Brown, said the complaint is based on allegations the city attorney lodged in
2004 and that a city commission later dismissed.

``This has to do with lobbying regulations that were in place at a certain time
and that the city ethics commission and the city council and the city attorney's
office decided were so vague and ambiguous as to be meaningless and
unenforceable,'' Brown said. ``Nobody knew what they meant. Nobody knew whether
they applied at all.''

But his clients face up to five years and four months in prison if convicted.
Here is a closer look at the charges:

Grand theft charge

The grand theft charge arose out of concerns about $326,000 Arreola and Kali-Rai
were supposedly paid as a ``finder's fee'' for introducing the buyer and seller
on a subsidized housing project called Evans Lane. City investigators looking
into the men's lobbying activities two years ago cited concerns that the money
may have improperly come from public subsidies for the project.

Criminal investigators say that's what happened. According to an investigator's
affidavit, developer Mark Lazzarini in February 2002 signed the ``finder's
agreements'' to pay $203,000 to Silicon Valley Strategies and $123,250 to
Atlantic Pacific National Corp., where Kali-Rai worked as a real estate broker.

In fact, authorities said, neither firm had anything to do with the Evans Lane
transaction.

Evans Lane seller Sal Rubino told investigators that he and Lazzarini already
knew each other and had discussed the property sale at a party without help from
Arreola, Kali-Rai, Silicon Valley Strategies or Atlantic Pacific.

Investigators found Rubino had agreed to pay Arreola to lobby city officials for
land-use changes on the project. Investigators also concluded that bogus
``finder's fees'' paid by Lazzarini came from money the city had put toward
buying the Evans Lane property.

``There is no documentation that the city approved public funds to pay for
lobbying expenses,'' the investigators' affidavit said, ``or that the funds
could be used for that purpose.''

Lazzarini, now Arreola's business partner in a firm called DAL Properties, was
unavailable for comment Friday, as was Rubino.

Prosecutors said they pieced together the puzzle after Arreola earlier this year
testified before a grand jury investigating Gonzales. In that testimony, Arreola
indicated he and Kali-Rai used ``finder's agreements'' to conceal lobbying work
for another company, California Waste Solutions.

Defense attorney Brown would not discuss the Evans Lane project in detail but
said his clients did nothing wrong.

Perjury charge

Despite allegedly working as lobbyists from 2001 onward, Arreola and Kali-Rai
didn't register a single client as required until late 2003 and early 2004,
respectively, the complaint said. But prosecutors said contracts, financial
records and other documents turned up in searches of the men's homes and offices
show they were paid during that time to work with city officials on land-use
approvals.

When they finally registered, their sworn reports never mentioned the earlier
lobbying work and listed just one client -- Clear Channel Outdoor -- leaving out
many others, including the owners of East San Jose's Tropicana Shopping Center
and residential developer KB Homes. After a series of Mercury News articles
criticizing Arreola and other city lobbyists, the men disclosed additional
clients but continued to leave off others.

Brown said his clients ``absolutely, positively'' did not knowingly make false
statements when signing their registration and disclosure forms.

Conspiracy charge

The complaint accuses Arreola and Kali-Rai of 83 ``overt acts'' in which they
conspired to hide their lobbying after leaving the mayor's office. Among them:

When Arreola set up Silicon Valley Strategies in 1999, he falsely identified his
wife as its sole agent to conceal his involvement and Kali-Rai's. Arreola later
filed a city economic interest statement saying he had no position with the
company.

In November 2000, four months after leaving City Hall, Arreola set up an
agreement worth thousands of dollars to secure an alcoholic beverage license for
a supermarket. Arreola allegedly asked his cousin, Marin Arreola, to sign the
agreement on behalf of Silicon Valley Strategies, even though Marin Arreola was
not affiliated with the lobbying firm. Prosecutors would not say whether Marin
Arreola, who at the time was president of the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, is
cooperating with the investigation; efforts to reach him Friday were
unsuccessful.

Between 2001 and 2003, Arreola and Kali-Rai were paid $500,000 to represent
owners of the Tropicana Shopping Center in their fight against city seizure of
the property. The men were not registered as lobbyists at the time.

Contact Sean Webby at (408) 920-5003.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              767 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           December 30, 2006 Saturday

Details revealed in lobbying case;
EX-GONZALES STAFFERS ACCUSED OF CLOAKING MILLIONS IN WORK

BYLINE: Sean Webby and John Woolfolk, Mercury News

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1097 words


Even before leaving office six years ago, a former aide to outgoing Mayor Ron
Gonzales began a complex and illegal scheme to hide lobbying work that netted
him millions, according to court documents obtained Friday by the Mercury News.

As early as 1999, Tony Arreola, then the mayor's deputy chief of staff, set up
his wife as the head of a corporation called Silicon Valley Strategies,
prosecutors allege. Soon after leaving City Hall, they say, Arreola and another
ex-Gonzales staffer, Sharanjit ``Sean'' Kali-Rai, went about lobbying, then
hiding the income by shunting it to the dummy business.

In one instance, the men allegedly received more than $326,000 in city funds
intended for an affordable housing project by misrepresenting why they were
paid. The criminal complaint also says a top local developer and an Arreola
relative helped Arreola conceal his activities, but it was unclear from the
allegations whether those men knew they were doing anything wrong.

The 26-page complaint accuses Arreola and Kali-Rai of conspiracy, perjury and
grand theft for allegedly failing to report lobbying activity on behalf of
developers and property owners soon after leaving City Hall.

``These former public officials were lobbying to the tune of over $2 million and
flat out ignoring the law,'' said Assistant District Attorney Stephen Gibbons.
San Jose's ``revolving door'' ordinance prohibits staffers from lobbying the
city for a year after leaving City Hall.

The charges mark the second criminal complaint filed this year over City Hall
ethics; Gonzales has been indicted on unrelated charges of conspiracy, bribery
and misuse of public funds.

Arreola and Kali-Rai, who joined Gonzales' administration after his inauguration
in 1999 and left in 2000, have declared their innocence. Their attorney, Craig
Brown, said the complaint is based on allegations the city attorney lodged in
2004 and that a city commission later dismissed.

``This has to do with lobbying regulations that were in place at a certain time
and that the city ethics commission and the city council and the city attorney's
office decided were so vague and ambiguous as to be meaningless and
unenforceable,'' Brown said. ``Nobody knew what they meant. Nobody knew whether
they applied at all.''

But his clients face up to five years and four months in prison if convicted.
Here is a closer look at the charges:

Grand theft charge

The grand theft charge arose out of concerns about $326,000 Arreola and Kali-Rai
were supposedly paid as a ``finder's fee'' for introducing the buyer and seller
on a subsidized housing project called Evans Lane. City investigators looking
into the men's lobbying activities two years ago cited concerns that the money
may have improperly come from public subsidies for the project.

Criminal investigators say that's what happened. According to an investigator's
affidavit, developer Mark Lazzarini in February 2002 signed the ``finder's
agreements'' to pay $203,000 to Silicon Valley Strategies and $123,250 to
Atlantic Pacific National Corp., where Kali-Rai worked as a real estate broker.

In fact, authorities said, neither firm had anything to do with the Evans Lane
transaction.

Evans Lane seller Sal Rubino told investigators that he and Lazzarini already
knew each other and had discussed the property sale at a party without help from
Arreola, Kali-Rai, Silicon Valley Strategies or Atlantic Pacific.

Investigators found Rubino had agreed to pay Arreola to lobby city officials for
land-use changes on the project. Investigators also concluded that bogus
``finder's fees'' paid by Lazzarini came from money the city had put toward
buying the Evans Lane property.

``There is no documentation that the city approved public funds to pay for
lobbying expenses,'' the investigators' affidavit said, ``or that the funds
could be used for that purpose.''

Lazzarini, now Arreola's business partner in a firm called DAL Properties, was
unavailable for comment Friday, as was Rubino.

Prosecutors said they pieced together the puzzle after Arreola earlier this year
testified before a grand jury investigating Gonzales. In that testimony, Arreola
indicated he and Kali-Rai used ``finder's agreements'' to conceal lobbying work
for another company, California Waste Solutions.

Defense attorney Brown would not discuss the Evans Lane project in detail but
said his clients did nothing wrong.

Perjury charge

Despite allegedly working as lobbyists from 2001 onward, Arreola and Kali-Rai
didn't register a single client as required until late 2003 and early 2004,
respectively, the complaint said. But prosecutors said contracts, financial
records and other documents turned up in searches of the men's homes and offices
show they were paid during that time to work with city officials on land-use
approvals.

When they finally registered, their sworn reports never mentioned the earlier
lobbying work and listed just one client -- Clear Channel Outdoor -- leaving out
many others, including the owners of East San Jose's Tropicana Shopping Center
and residential developer KB Homes. After a series of Mercury News articles
criticizing Arreola and other city lobbyists, the men disclosed additional
clients but continued to leave off others.

Brown said his clients ``absolutely, positively'' did not knowingly make false
statements when signing their registration and disclosure forms.

Conspiracy charge

The complaint accuses Arreola and Kali-Rai of 83 ``overt acts'' in which they
conspired to hide their lobbying after leaving the mayor's office. Among them:

When Arreola set up Silicon Valley Strategies in 1999, he falsely identified his
wife as its sole agent to conceal his involvement and Kali-Rai's. Arreola later
filed a city economic interest statement saying he had no position with the
company.

In November 2000, four months after leaving City Hall, Arreola set up an
agreement worth thousands of dollars to secure an alcoholic beverage license for
a supermarket. Arreola allegedly asked his cousin, Marin Arreola, to sign the
agreement on behalf of Silicon Valley Strategies, even though Marin Arreola was
not affiliated with the lobbying firm. Prosecutors would not say whether Marin
Arreola, who at the time was president of the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, is
cooperating with the investigation; efforts to reach him Friday were
unsuccessful.

Between 2001 and 2003, Arreola and Kali-Rai were paid $500,000 to represent
owners of the Tropicana Shopping Center in their fight against city seizure of
the property. The men were not registered as lobbyists at the time.

Contact Sean Webby at (408) 920-5003.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              768 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            June 28, 2000, Wednesday

YANKS ARE CHAMPS AT MISSING DEADLINE

BYLINE: BY JOE MAHONEY DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 198 words

ALBANY - They may be the world champions, but the Yankees whiffed on a rule that
requires the timely filing of lobbying reports and are being hit with a $5,000
fine.

In all, the Temporary Commission on Lobbying yesterday imposed $133,600 in fines
on 36 companies and clients in the largest single-day crackdown ever on those
who flout lobbying regulations.

Howard Rubenstein, a public relations executive whose clients include the
ballclub, said he conducted no lobbying last year for the Yankees, though he had
registered as a lobbyist - listing the club as a client - in the event he did
lobby for it in connection with Yankee Stadium. Ironically, he said, "if I
didn't register, I wouldn't have had to file anything."

David Grandeau, director of the lobbying commission, said the Yankees failed to
file a required financial statement by the Jan. 15 deadline.

"If you're going to be late, now you have to pay for the privilege," said
Grandeau, noting that a law went into effect in December allowing the commission
to impose fines for those who do not file on time.

The Yankees have been late in the past but, like other stragglers, got off with
a warning, he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                              769 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            July 17, 2013 Wednesday

POLICY ROUNDUP

BYLINE: By The Hill staf

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1194 words


LOBBYING - Caterpillar bolsters global lobbying team

Caterpillar has promoted Ben Lambert to help lead the company's worldwide
lobbying efforts.

On Aug. 1, Lambert will begin his new post as the company's international
advocacy manager, focusing on promoting Caterpillar's interests in the Americas,
Europe, Africa and the Middle East. The job will bring him to Washington, D.C.,
from the company's headquarters in Peoria, Ill.

In addition to working with the company's global government affairs team,
Lambert will connect with embassies and congressional leaders.

As the world's largest producer of mining and construction equipment and other
industrial products, Caterpillar is one of the leading advocates for increased
foreign trade.

Lambert said his job is to help further "the Caterpillar story" of promoting
growth in developing countries and furthering a reputation of brand quality.

"The policy environment is always changing and evolving," Lambert told The Hill,
though he said Caterpillar's stance on advancing global trade initiatives will
not waver.

Lambert has been with the company's Caterpillar Foundation for about five years.

Bill Lane, Caterpillar's director of global government affairs, said Lambert has
what it takes to succeed in his new role.

"[Lambert] really occupies a nexus between business and policy," Lane said. "He
has a really unique background, which is one of the reasons why we're excited to
have him out here."

¯ Megan R. Wilson

HEALTHCARE - Republicans question Education chief's work on ObamaCare

Senate Republicans are asking Secretary of Education Arne Duncan to defend his
department's work on

ObamaCare.

Nineteen GOP lawmakers called on Duncan to explain how education officials plan
to assist with enacting and promoting the Affordable Care Act.

They pressed Duncan to say how much the efforts would cost, and suggested that
he and his team lack "authority" to work on issues related to healthcare reform.

"We are unfamiliar with how the Department of Education's involvement in
implementation will further the mission of educating our nation's students," the
lawmakers wrote.

The Education Department has reportedly established a team to focus on issues
related to the law.

Duncan has also partnered with Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen
Sebelius on at least one initiative to educate college students about their new
healthcare coverage options.

GOP senators also accused Duncan of imposing an "unfunded mandate" on schools by
asking them to take certain ObamaCare-related actions "without additional
federal resources."

The senators asked for Duncan's reply by July 30.

¯ Elise Viebeck

TECHNOLOGY - Secret intelligence court agrees to unseal Yahoo's case against
federal surveillance

Yahoo scored a legal win on Monday after the secretive Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Court agreed to unseal its argument in a 2008 case against
government surveillance.

FISC judge Reggie Walton filed an order that directed the government to conduct
a declassification review of the 2008 ruling and the legal briefs submitted to
the court on the case. The court said it would redact classified information in
the public version of the ruling.

The Web company says the documents will show it pushed back against government
requests for user information.

"Once these documents are made public, we believe they will contribute
constructively to the ongoing public discussion around online privacy," a Yahoo
spokesman said in a statement.

The handling of consumer data by tech companies has been under scrutiny since
revelations about National Security Agency surveillance programs that target the
Internet.

The reports claimed that top Web companies had given the government access to
servers that store user information. Internet companies have denied that claim.

¯ Jennifer Martinez

REGULATIONS - Survey: Two-thirds of small firms aren't ready for healthcare
rules

Less than a third of small businesses say they're prepared for the regulatory
mandates under ObamaCare, a new survey from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce found.

The business lobby's quarterly survey of small firms found concerns over the law
have increased by a double-digit margin in the last year, and by 4 percentage
points since the first three months on 2013.

"Excessive regulation is having a crippling effect on job growth among small
businesses, as our latest small-business survey makes clear," said Rob Engstrom,
the Chamber's senior vice president. "In fact, the only thing that scares small
businesses more than the current business climate is what Washington bureaucrats
will do next."

The survey found that 30 percent of businesses were not ready to comply with the
new rules. Roughly 25 percent reported not knowing what they had to do to follow
the law.

Seventy-one percent of the more than 1,300 small-business executives polled said
they would be less likely to hire employees because of the healthcare law,
according to the survey.

In total, 1,304 small-business executives from around the country participated
in the survey, which was conducted by the firm Harris International.

¯ Ben Goad

TECHNOLOGY - White House veteran joins NBCUniversal as executive vice president,
general counsel

Kimberley Harris, a White House veteran, has been named executive vice president
and general counsel at NBCUniversal, the media company announced on Tuesday.

Harris comes to NBCUniversal from Davis Polk & Wardwell, where she served as a
partner in the firm's litigation department. Prior to that, Harris served as
deputy counsel and deputy assistant to President Obama in the office of the
White House counsel. She also worked as the senior counsel to the assistant
attorney general in the Justice Department's criminal division.

In her new role, Harris will advise the NBCUniversal senior management team and
oversee the media company's law department, which handles legal matters for its
various business units. Harris will also be responsible for coordinating
NBCUniversal's global regulatory and legislative agenda.

¯ Jennifer Martinez

ENERGY - Top Senate Dem considering oversight hearing on Keystone pipeline
project

Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee Chairman Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) is
weighing whether to conduct oversight of the Keystone XL oil sands pipeline.

Wyden told reporters Tuesday that he's had "a number of conversations" with
senators about oversight proceedings for the proposed Canada-to-Texas pipeline.

"There are a host of questions with respect to Keystone, foremost of which is
the evidence pointing to the fact that much of that energy is going to get
exported," Wyden said after a Senate hearing, highlighting an issue that has
divided the pipeline's backers and detractors.

Asked directly whether he has a hearing planned on the topic, Wyden said, "Let
me have a chance to talk to senators about those issues before I make any
proclamations."

The comments came after Sen. John Hoeven (R-N.D.) told reporters last week that
he was talking to Wyden about a potential hearing on Keystone.

Hoeven said he was willing to shelve a planned amendment to energy-efficiency
legislation that would force a vote on Keystone in exchange for a hearing.

¯ Zack Colman

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2013 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            August 13, 2011 Saturday

Business briefs: Boeing spends less on lobbying

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 425 words


WASHINGTON
Boeing spends less on lobbying

Aircraft builder and defense contractor Boeing Co. spent $4.4million lobbying
the government during the second quarter on issues including federal defense and
aviation spending and foreign relations.

The lobbying bill was down a little from the nearly $5 million it spent during
the April-June period in 2010.

Boeing has interests ranging from commercial aviation to defense, space, and
more recently, cyber security.

DETROIT
Honda planning factory in Mexico

Honda Motor Co. plans to build an $800 million factory in Mexico to make small
cars for customers in North America, the company said Friday.

The plant, near Celaya, Guanajuato, north of Mexico City, is expected to open in
2014 and will employ 3,200 workers from the region, Honda said in a statement.
It will make up to 200,000 subcompact cars and engines per year, the company
said.

Honda now sells the subcompact Fit in North America, importing it to the U.S.
from factories in Japan. The company would not say if it will build the Fit at
the new factory, but said it tries to build vehicles in regions where they are
sold.

NEW YORK
Quarterly profit flat for J.C. Penney

J.C. Penney Co. reported a flat second-quarter profit on Friday as the
department store retailer aggressively marked down prices on fashions to get its
middle-income shoppers to keep spending in an increasingly uncertain economy.

The company also issued third-quarter profit guidance that fell well below Wall
Street estimates and said back-to-school shopping is starting later this year.
It declined to offer a full-year outlook amid stock market turmoil fueled by
fear about the economy and the downgrade of the federal debt.

Penney, like many stores catering to middle-to-lower-income shoppers, faces
increasing uncertainty heading into the two most important retail seasons of the
year   back-to-school and the winter holiday season.

WASHINGTON
Company recalling Canadian bacon

A Canadian company is recalling about 380,000 pounds of Canadian bacon that may
be contaminated with listeria.

No illnesses have been reported. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
classifies listeriosis as a serious infection that primarily affects older
adults, pregnant women, newborns and adults with weakened immune systems.

The U.S. Agriculture Department says the recalled products have production dates
before Aug. 10, and the containers have "EST No. 169A" and "Product of Canada."
It was sold under the names Napoli, Stefano, Bellissimo, Olymel or Assoluti
cooked diced bacon.

Herald wire services

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            January 6, 2011 Thursday

Glodis registers as lobbyist, starts lining up clients

BYLINE: John J. Monahan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 446 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


BOSTON - Former Worcester County Sheriff Guy W. Glodis has wasted little time
moving into the next phase of his career, setting up a new consulting firm he
says will focus on public relations, community development efforts and
legislative lobbying.

Mr. Glodis yesterday registered as required by the secretary of state's office
as a lobbyist with the Glodis Group, based in Auburn.

He said he is just beginning the work of lining up clients and hopes to use his
experience as a former state representative, state senator and county sheriff to
branch out into public relations and lobbying, while also venturing into media
work as a political analyst with FOX News.

So far he has listed only a single client, Lan-Tel Communications, on his state
lobbying forms, but said he is also in preliminary discussions with the
Massachusetts Correction Officers Federated Union, which represents correction
officers working for the state Department of Correction.

State law prohibits former elected officials from lobbying their former agency
for one year. Mr. Glodis said he has received a letter from the state Ethics
Commission outlining those restrictions.

"I have a ruling from ethics that says I can lobby once I leave office. I just
can't do any lobbying for or with the Worcester County Sheriff's Office," for
one year, Mr. Glodis said. He said that restriction would not affect his work
for the state correction officer's union, or restrict him from lobbying that
involves other sheriff departments or their employees.

He said lobbying will only be one aspect of his business, as he hopes to also
provide public relations and lobbying services to a range of community
organizations and institutions.

"We are in the early stages, but I am going to do a combination of different
things," said the 41-year-old, who at difference phases of his political career
was once the youngest state representative and later the youngest state senator
elected in Worcester County.

"I am also going to work in the public relations field and with the media," he
said. In that regard, he said he has already begun doing some television work as
a political commentator.

"I won't be doing any lobbying work until next week at the earliest," Mr. Glodis
said.

"What makes sense to me is to stay in the field that I worked long and hard in
and am comfortable with and knowledgeable about and have a lot of contacts," Mr.
Glodis said.

Mr. Glodis turned over the keys to the Worcester County Jail to the new sheriff,
former state Rep. Lewis Evangelidis this week, as his six-year term as sheriff
ended. He ran for state auditor last year, losing in the Democratic primary to
Suzanne Bump, who won the general election.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BOSTON - Former Worcester County Sheriff Guy W. Glodis has wasted
little time moving into the next phase of his career, setting up a new
consulting firm he says will focus on public relations, community development
efforts and legislative lobbying. Mr. Glodis yesterday registered as required by
the secretary of state's office as a lobbyist with the Glodis Group, based in
Auburn.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                             March 5, 2013 Tuesday

Acquirers Should Teach Legislators About Payments, Speakers Say

BYLINE: Ed McKinley

SECTION: ISO - INDUSTRY NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 507  words


ORLANDO, Fla. -- Teaching legislators how electronic payments work could help
protect the industry from unwise regulation, speakers agreed here Tuesday at the
Southeast Acquirers Association annual conference.

"Sometimes, they're just throwing things against the wall and seeing what
sticks," Stephanie Lusher, Vantiv senior vice president of sales, said of
lawmakers.

Her comments came during a wide-ranging panel discussion on the "state of the
union" of the acquiring industry.

Another speaker who addressed the need to teach elected officials about industry
basics, Kevin Jones, president of SignaPay, noted that the Electronic
Transactions Association has taken on that task.

As a member of the ETA advisory board, Jones noted that the organization's
leadership has to balance the use of its legislative resources between education
and lobbying.

Lobbying could get a boost if the industry came together to speak with a single
voice, suggested another panelist, Greg Boardman, Ingenico senior vice president
of product and development and a board member of the Smart Card Alliance.

Another speaker, consultant Paul Martaus, maintained that acquirers' lobbying
efforts lag behind those of other industries. He cited the work of the Merchants
Payment Coalition, whose objectives are often at odds with those of acquirers.

"We don't have an answer to that," Martaus said of the coalition and its
lobbying.

However, Jones maintained that the ETA has achieved some lobbying success with a
staff just two.

Most of the lobbying discussion centered on the federal government, but Martaus
pointed out that laws and regulation from state and local government also affect
acquiring.

Moreover, Martaus contended that the industry simply lacks the funds to lobby
effectively.

"Wal-Mart could buy the ETA with its lunch money," he said.

Though it lacks the riches of Wal-Mart, the industry does wield enough financial
power to affect the nation's economy and should focus that clout on advocacy,
Jones maintained.

Whatever one thinks of lobbying prospects, the government's scrutiny of
acquiring seems unlikely to abate anytime soon, according to Lusher.

A friend in Congress reminds her that controlling the currency is one of
government's most basic functions and that these days that also includes
electronic payments, she said.

But new entrants to the acquiring business avoid regulation because they aren't
banks even though they may hold vast sums of funding generated by selling
prepaid cards.

And those new entrants frighten the industry's incumbents, noted Martaus. The
newcomers are willing to view payments as a loss leader in their quest for
valuable data, he warned.

Still, the industry's assessment of newcomers, including Google, Dwolla and
Square, is softening as they form relationships with old-school players.

The new companies are expanding electronic payments to more retailers which
means more transactions to process even if margings are compressed, said Lusher.

New players also bring new ideas, she said, adding that "innovation is always
good."

Â

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           January 25, 2006 Wednesday

State lobbyist bid fell short;
Contract losers better than Abramoff-linked firm on criteria, cost

BYLINE: Tara Copp, AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 920 words


WASHINGTON -- When the state approved hiring a lobbying firm with close ties to
lobbyist Jack Abramoff in 2004, it rejected competing bids that met more of its
selection criteria and cost less, according to documents obtained by the Austin
American-Statesman.

What the winning firm, Cassidy & Associates, did have was access, all the way to
presidential aide Karl Rove, according to memos and e-mails obtained through a
Texas open records request.

And despite the lower marks the firm received when state officials reviewed the
bids, staff members from state agencies tapped to choose a lobbyist eventually
awarded the firm a $15,000-a-month contract to lobby Congress.

"Cassidy is the best fit for Texas," David Pagan, associate director of the
Office of State-Federal Relations, wrote in a May 25, 2004, e-mail to staff
members. "Firm is (the) leader in DC on approps. (acquiring federal funding)."

The firm is under fire from Texas House Democrats because of the close ties
between Cassidy Senior Vice President Todd Boulanger and Abramoff, who has
pleaded guilty to federal charges of conspiracy, tax evasion and mail fraud.

Seven Texas House Democrats sent a letter to Gov. Rick Perry on Friday demanding
that Cassidy's contract be canceled because the firm has not reached out to
them.

Perry spokeswoman Kathy Walt said Tuesday that even though Cassidy was not the
top scorer in the bidding process initially, it rose to the top of the list
after in-person interviews with the state's selection committee and after the
firm's references were checked.

Walt also said Cassidy & Associates was hired not to lobby Texas' Democrats, but
to reach out-of-state Democrats.

Neither Cassidy & Associates nor any of the competing firms responded to calls
for comment Tuesday. Ed Perez, executive director of State-Federal Relations,
did not take questions from a reporter directly but was in contact with Walt to
answer questions.

Ironically, getting more Democrats involved in the state's lobbying efforts was
a main reason the state hired Cassidy, according to the documents.

In 2004, State-Federal Relations had terminated its contract with lobbying firm
Piper Rudnick LLP, according to the documents. Piper Rudnick had brought some
prominent Democrats to the state's lobbying team.

The state also has a standing, $15,000-a-month lobbying contract with the
Federalist Group, which employed embattled U.S. Rep. Tom DeLay's former chief of
staff, Drew Maloney.

More political balance was needed, the state's office in Washington reasoned in
a Dec. 10, 2004, memo. "An additional firm can help ensure (Texas) maintains a
bipartisan strategy on certain issues."

The memo was an after-the-fact explanation of how the state had selected Cassidy
& Associates, which had beaten out competitors that were initially given higher
scores, based on seven criteria, including experience, access and quality of
prior jobs performed.

"The Federalist Group is seen primarily as a Republican firm," the memo
continued. "Cassidy & Associates is headed by a Democrat founding name partner,
and is considered to be a bipartisan firm."

The Cassidy team assembled to tackle Texas' needs had at least two Democrats on
staff but became more Republican over time. It had Boulanger in the lead.
Boulanger had worked closely with Abramoff in a previous job at
Greenberg-Traurig, a firm where Abramoff had been a partner.

In its proposal, Cassidy & Associates said Boulanger "has exceptional ties to
Republican leaders and can provide access to a broad range of offices."

In a supporting e-mail sent in July 2004, Boulanger told Pagan, "I don't want to
inundate you with names, so here are (a) few from some of the people that would
likely be working on the TX team should we get the contract."

He then listed a deep bench of access, including Rove and Joshua Bolton, the
director of the White House Office of Management and Budget.

Boulanger's initial support team included two staffers with Democratic
backgrounds and four from Republican offices. By 2005, the team included seven
Republicans and two Democrats.

When Cassidy initially competed for the contract, it was one of 17 firms. All
proposals were rated by a panel of two State-Federal Relations staff members and
a staffer from the Texas Department of Transportation.

The panel ranked each proposal based 75 percent on how well the company met the
state's criteria and 25 percent on cost. The panel submitted its recommendation
to Perez, who then made his recommendation to State-Federal Relations' Advisory
Policy Board, which included Perry, Texas House Speaker Tom Craddick and Lt.
Gov. David Dewhurst. Both Dewhurst and Craddick have said they had no role in
selecting Cassidy & Associates.

Although Perry reviews the contracts, his approval is not required, Walt said.

"He certainly is aware of who we hired," Walt said. "But decisions are made more
at the staff level."

The assessment in 2004, though, did not initially favor Cassidy; it was ranked
fourth. Two of the firms ranked ahead of it would have charged Texas $300 to
$833 less per month than Cassidy's initial offer of $15,833 a month. (Once the
contract was signed, Cassidy's fee was down to $15,000, plus expenses.)

After the interview rounds in May, the panel started checking references to the
remaining firms. Boulanger sent his e-mail about access to Rove that July. By
December, after calls had been made to all the firms' contacts, Cassidy stood
out and was recommended.

tcopp@statesman.com, (202) 887-8329

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Karl Rove: Texas' lobbying firm had access to presidential adviser,
papers say.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The Austin American Statesman


                              774 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 27, 1997, Sunday, Final Edition

'Grass-Roots' Lobbying Credited With Saving China's Trade Status

Charles R. Babcock, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 865 words


Corporate lobbyists credit last year's continuation of normal trade relations
with China, in part, to a state-level "grass-roots" lobbying campaign organized
and run by top U.S. exporters to China.

A presentation on the "industry grassroots initiative" at a seminar in Key West
in February focused on the House vote last June to extend China's
most-favored-nation (MFN) trade status and the exporters' efforts to build
coalitions in most states to convince members of Congress of the importance of
trade with China.

A "checklist and tracking chart" listed local suppliers, vendors and trade
groups as likely to join the coalition and named local politicians, academics,
and Chinese American associations as "potential allies." The campaign was to use
newspaper "op-ed" pieces, radio and television interviews to spread the word. It
was to identify key members of Congress and supplement letters and visits with
"CEO calls to Hill."

A map distributed at the session and made public last week by PR Watch, a
newsletter based in Madison, Wis., includes the number of members in each
state's House delegation voting for China MFN. It also shows that a regional
business council in New England and 17 corporations around the country with key
interests in China -- such as Boeing Co., General Electric Co., General Motors
Corp. and IBM -- ran the effort in various states.

For instance, Boeing, which has sold billions of dollars worth of airliners to
China, headed the campaign in its home state of Washington, as well as in
Alabama, Pennsylvania and Kansas -- three states in which it also has
manufacturing plants.

The material offers a glimpse of the inner workings of a corporate grass-roots
program. Such programs have become an increasingly important part of
special-interest lobbying in Washington in recent years. "Pressure points
applied by constituents are a powerful tool," explained one corporate official
involved with the China coalition, who asked not to be quoted by name.

The seminar at which the China MFN vote case study was presented was held at a
time in which the controversy about Democratic Party fund-raising from Asian
Americans was growing. The seminar, titled "expanding your credibility through
coalitions and ally development," was conducted just before a Washington Post
report that U.S. intelligence officials had evidence that the Chinese government
had approved an illegal scheme to buy influence in American elections.

Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), a leading critic of giving most-favored-nation
trading status to China -- which affords China the same treatment as other U.S.
trading partners -- said she found the map a "cynical" attempt by a few of the
"exporting elite" to influence members of Congress to increase their profits.
"I've never seen anything like this before," she said. "I was stunned when I saw
it.

"This is not grass roots. This is Astroturf. They are saying 'We can buy grass
roots.' This is a game of illusion."

Thomas Tripp, a spokesman for Boeing's Washington office, said that he had "no
interest" in seeing a report about Boeing's China lobbying effort in the
newspaper. But he said the state-level campaign wasn't designed to hide the role
of major corporations in pushing for trade with China. "We're not ashamed of our
interest," he said.

General Electric spokesman Jay Pomeroy declined to comment on his company's role
in New York state. "It's just our practice not to talk about our lobbying
efforts," he said.

Joyce Oberdorf, a spokesman for Aetna, the insurance giant based in Hartford,
Conn., said her firm does not sell insurance in China but would like to and was
involved in the grass-roots effort. She noted that Aetna's chief executive,
Ronald E. Compton, wrote an op-ed article in the Christian Science Monitor in
favor of granting China MFN status just before the House vote last June. He
noted that Aetna and the Bank of China are partners in an investment fund in
China.

Boeing's Tripp said the grass-roots campaign was developed in late 1995 and was
in place early last year. "This is the business community at large looking to
energize people around the country who have a stake in China trade and making
sure the folks back in Washington understand who has that stake," he said.
Boeing and other exporters have thousands of suppliers around the country, he
added, and "some may not even realize they are exporters, the so-called
invisible exporters." The map, he noted, listed the companies that were
"captains" in developing the lobbying effort in each state.

Tripp said members of the industry "grassroots initiative" believe it had a
positive effect on last June's 286-241 House vote to reject a move to revoke
China's MFN status.

Officials of industry groups lobbying for continued trade with China have said
that this year they want to help China gain membership in the World Trade
Organization, which would grant China permanent MFN, ending the annual
legislative skirmish over trade with China. A key House backer of China trade
said Friday that the goal is probably unrealistic because of the turmoil in
U.S.-China relations caused by the fund-raising controversy.


LOAD-DATE: April 27, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A map distributed last week by PR Watch shows corporations that agreed
to head state-level efforts to lobby for China's most-favored-nation trade
status and includes the number of members of Congress voting for that status.

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              775 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 19, 2013 Friday

School leaders lobbying to save teacher assistant funding

BYLINE: Venita Jenkins, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 968 words


April 19--Superintendents from 10 of the largest school systems in the state are
working together to save funding for teacher assistant positions.

The coalition includes leaders from Cumberland, Charlotte-Mecklenburg, Wake,
Durham and New Hanover school districts. They're meeting with legislators in
hopes of persuading them not to adopt the governor's plan to eliminate
$117million in funding for teacher assistants in second and third grades
statewide.

More than 3,000 teacher assistant positions could be affected under the
governor's proposed budget, according to the North Carolina Association of
Teacher Assistants.

The proposed budget allocates $7.8 billion for public education. An additional
1,800 full-time teachers would be hired over the next two years rather than
classroom assistants, according to the budget. Those teachers would be placed in
school districts that are experiencing high growth.

The superintendents -- whose districts represent 47 percent of students
attending North Carolina's public schools -- also are lobbying against other
legislation that they say will negatively effect the classrooms.

"We have met with some of the legislators, and we have made the argument that it
is going to impact student achievement," said Frank Till Jr., superintendent of
Cumberland County schools. "We are not giving up yet. We don't know what the
budget will be for the Senate and the House."

Till was in Raleigh Thursday to argue against the teacher assistant cuts and
other legislation.

Cumberland County would lose about $4 million for teacher assistant positions
under Gov. Pat McCrory's proposed budget, prompting 138 teacher assistant
positions to be cut.

"We haven't talked to the board about the game plan. We are waiting to see what
will happen in the House and Senate," Till said. "Right now, we are really on
the outside looking in."

Ricky Lopes, Cumberland's associate superintendent of business operations, said
it may be a few months before school officials know the details of the state
budget.

"We don't want to alarm people," he said. "Things could change."

Cumberland County Schools has 180 fewer teacher assistants this year than in
2009.

Mary Hales, principal of Ferguson-Easley Elementary School, said teacher
assistants are invaluable to teachers and students. Teacher assistants provide
remediation, small group instruction and one-on-one instruction in the
classrooms.

"I feel that the removal of instructional assistants from these classrooms may
present itself as a grave injustice to the quality of education that every
student deserves and has a tight to," she said.

Del Gibbs, a teacher assistant in a Ferguson-Easley kindergarten class, said
there is a need for more instructional assistants in the classroom.

"I think it will be a disservice to students if funding for teacher assistants
is cut" said Gibbs, who has been a teacher assistant for 29 years.

A critical need

The impact of the proposed cuts varies across the Cape Fear region. Some school
districts, such as Hoke County, currently use fewer teacher assistants in second
and third grades than in the past. But, the governor's proposal could hurt
student services, said Hoke Superintendent Freddie Williamson.

The school system would lose $1.6 million under the proposal, impacting class
sizes, elective offerings, support programs for students, technology and
supplies.

"We would have to look at everything if we are pushed to that point," Williamson
said.

"There are a lot of school systems that have already moved teacher assistants
from the second and third grades," he continued. "So, that money is not tied to
people, it's tied to something else. It's going to hurt us if we lose that
money. We are in for a tough journey."

In Moore County, officials estimate losing between 24 to 32 positions, which
equates to $936,000. School officials have identified vacant positions that
could cover teacher assistant positions as well as different funding sources.

"Laying off people are our last resort," said Mike Griffin, chief financial
officer for Moore County schools.

The proposed cut would affect 22 teacher assistant positions in Bladen County.
The district is also trying to avoid eliminating positions.

"We understand the critical need for teachers assistants in the classroom," said
Valerie Newton, spokeswoman for the system.

The North Carolina Association of Teacher Assistants has started a letter
writing campaign to legislators about the importance of teacher assistants in
the classrooms, said William K. Johnston, a teacher assistant at Booker T.
Washington Primary in Bladen County and the second vice-president of the state
association.

"We understand that it is a proposed budget, and that it must work through the
House and Senate. We want to be proactive about letting them know what teacher
assistants do," Johnston said.

"Some don't realize what assistants do," he said. "We are instructional
assistants. We partner with the teacher to help the children achieve success."

Johnston said the proposed cuts could have an impact on testing.

"I think it will have a negative effect on the children," he said. "You will see
test scores declining. It's going to take some time to see the larger picture of
the teacher assistant being taken out of the classroom."

The cuts could potentially lead to unemployment for many of the teacher
assistants, Johnston said.

"I think it is beneficial to maintain what is already in place," he said. "I
know with the economy, the state can't put more money into education at the
moment. But maintain what you do have in place."

Staff writer Venita Jenkins can be reached at jenkinsv@fayobserver.com or
486-3511.

___ (c)2013 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130419-FY-School-leaders-lobbying
-to-save-teacher-assistant-funding-0419-20130419

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2013 The Fayetteville Observer


                              776 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                  September 16, 1999, Thursday, Final Edition

Bell's Olympic report criticizes IOC for fostering atmosphere of excess

BYLINE: Melissa Turner, Staff

SOURCE: JOURNAL

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 998 words

Atlanta Olympic officials confirmed in a new report to Congress a pattern of
excessive gift giving and offers of scholarships and job assistance, athletic
training and free healthcare for IOC members and their families.

In the report, former Attorney General Griffin Bell told lawmakers that the
environment in which Atlanta bid for the Games "encouraged a practice of
lobbying IOC members in which excess was inherent."

Bell blamed the IOC's bid selection process, not the Atlanta team's "
boosterism," for the excesses in the bid effort. While the IOC had rules to
limit gift-giving and travel, Bell acknowledged, they were "often ignored, never
enforced and all the participants knew it."

"Quite simply, the competiton for the right to host these Games was in large
part about out-lobbying the competition," Bell wrote in his revision of an
earlier report to the U.S. House Commerce Committee, which is investigating the
Atlanta lobbying campaign.

The competition took place in a "system known to welcome generous gifts and
travel allowances, lavish hospitality, and personal accommodations."

Bell said Atlanta's bidding improprieties were not as excessive as Salt Lake
City's, but conceded that the bid team provided many more unreported gifts that
cost more than the $ 200 limit, including a $ 400 shotgun for a National Olympic
Committee member, a $ 222 Chanel scarf for the wife of the Swaziland delegate
and a $ 264 camera for the delegate from Algeria.

Bell, who prepared the report for the King & Spalding law firm that represented
the Atlanta Olympic committee, also acknowledged numerous shopping sprees
conducted by volunteer hostesses in which many gifts were purchased for members
and their wives at upscale stores. One such spree netted $ 1,493 in clothing,
cosmetics and toiletries for the IOC member from Russia and his wife.

Bell said the bid records revealed 10 instances where the bid team gave cash,
checks or wire payments to IOC members. While there was no documentation
indicating what these payments were for, Bell said he believed they were
reimbursement for first-class plane tickets.

Confirming that the bid team compiled profiles that indicated certain IOC
members could be wooed by "extending sexual favors," Bell said he found no
evidence the team paid for or provided sexual favors.

Bell delivered the report Wednesday to Rep. Thomas Bliley, (R-Va.), chairman of
the Commerce Committee, and Rep. Fred Upton, (R-Mich.), chairman of the
subcommittee on oversight and investigations, which is spearheading the inquiry
into the Atlanta bid.

After reading the report, Upton said today, "What has emerged is a pattern of
troubling and disturbing events in order to secure these games."

The nonprofit Georgia Amateur Athletics Foundation was planning a news
conference this afternoon to discuss the report.  Atlanta Olympic chief Billy
Payne said in his earlier June 1 report to Congress that he believed the account
proved the city won the Games without resorting to the kinds of cash payments
and extravagant gifts that sparked the Salt Lake City bribery scandal.

In that report, Payne provided a list of 38 gifts that exceeded the IOC's $ 200
limit. The collection of gifts totaled $ 15,165 and included glass and crystal
sculptures, clothing, a jewelry box, a ruby pin, luggage and a set of surgical
instruments. The foundation spent an additional $ 190,482 on less- expensive
gifts, such as T-shirts,
ties and totebags, for all IOC members, according to the report.

Bell's revised report indicates that many more gifts exceeding the limit were
given.

The foundation also acknowledged donating $ 25,000 to a South African anti-
apartheid organization and $ 19,294 worth of soccer balls and sports equipment
to the National School and University Games in the Republic of Congo. The new
report indicates that 1,500 pairs of athletic shoes also went to the Congo.

The foundation also paid $ 6,805 in tuition and living expenses for a young
swimmer from Mauritius who trained at the Dynamo Swim Club in Chamblee, and $
14,099 for two teens from the Republic of Congo to attend the prestigious Nick
Bolletierri tennis camp in Bradenton, Fla., in 1990 at the request of expelled
IOC member Jean-Claude Ganga.

Earlier, former Mayor Andrew Young, co-chairman of the bid group, defended the
athletic scholarships, saying: "We are sports-loving people that see sports as
important in world development. It is an opportunity to assist in the
development of Olympic talent. If we could have gotten half a dozen kids with
Olympic potential, we would have found the money for them."

"We sincerely hope that our report will demonstrate that Atlanta won the 1996
Olympic Games fairly," said Payne, who created the foundation in 1987 to bid for
the Games and remains its co-chairman. "Although we occasionally exceeded the
IOC's guidelines, our work was always done with honest intent."

However, lawmakers were troubled enough by revelations in the initial report
they sent federal investigators to Atlanta to review the documents themselves.
"I think that this preliminary response to our inquiry raises a number of issues
that need to be fully investigated," Bliley said at the time.

"We need to ensure that the years of hard work and training athletes spent in
pursuit of the Olympic dream won't be tarnished by any ethical lapses in the
site bidding process."

After investigators found numerous discrepancies between the report and
materials in the boxes, they sought an explanation from Payne's lawyers at King
& Spalding.

That's when Bell stepped in and acknowledged the original report was incomplete
and inaccurate. He asked lawmakers to be given time to amend the report.

Congressional investigators estimated the bid group under-reported its
expenditures on gifts for IOC members by $ 92,000, and left off about 50 trips
for members and their families from the original report, according to
congressional staff.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              777 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             June 3, 2006 Saturday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

LOBBYING IS PAYING OFF. Firms rake in $36M pile

BYLINE: BY FRANK LOMBARDI DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER With Leo Standora

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 536 words


CLIENTS BIG AND SMALL spent a whopping $36.1 million last year to hire an army
of lobbyists to push their varied causes and financial interests with city
officials.

The ever-rising lobbying tab jumped by more than 7% over the $33.6 million spent
in 2004. And it's 2 1/2 times the $14.5 million spent only five years ago in
2000.

The top 10 earning lobbying firms alone were paid more than $16 million,
according to the annual report issued yesterday by the City Clerk's office.

The No. 1 slot went to Kasirer Consulting, with $2.4 million in fees. It's
headed by Suri Kasirer, a fund-raiser for city Controller Bill Thompson and the
wife of former Rudy Giuliani political lieutenant Bruce Teitelbaum.

Her clients include Cemusa Inc., the Spain-based firm that recently won the
city's huge franchise for bus shelters, newsstands and pay toilets. Cemusa paid
Kasirer $96,000.

Gene Russianoff, a lawyer with the New York Public Interest Research Group, a
nonprofit watchdog organization, called the rising lobby tab "disturbing"
because "more and more people seem to think government is so complicated they
have to grease the skids to get anywhere."

He said it was difficult to say the trend makes for bad government because "
lobbying comes in many shapes and forms."

"You can have, for instance, a nonprofit organization lobbying for better foster
care services," he explained.

What's good, he said, is that data about lobbying has become more available in
recent years, making public scrutiny easier.

The city's lobbying tab has been growing by leaps and bounds ever since term
limits kicked in with the 2001 election.

"Because of the more frequent changes of faces at City Hall, unions and
nonprofit groups and other clients feel they have to have continuity in their
presence at City Hall," said Evan Stavisky of The Parkside Group, No. 3 on the
list.

Stavisky is the son of state Sen. Tony Ann Stavisky (D-Queens). His firm's
clients included the New York Jets, which paid Parkside $40,000 last year during
the team's failed bid for a West Side stadium.

All told, the Jets reported spending more than $300,000 last year on lobbying
activities.

Former elected and appointed officials have also made a profitable shift from
being lobbied to doing the lobbying.

Former City Council Speaker Peter Vallone Sr. is a principal in Constantinople
Consulting, which made the Top 10 list for the first time at No. 9, with $1.2
million in fees. Clients included Waste Management, the city's biggest hauler,
which shelled out $180,000.

Bill Lynch, a deputy mayor under Mayor David Dinkins, ranked No. 7, with $1.2
million in fees - $1.1 million from Nielsen Media Research. Bolton St. Johns,
which ranked No. 4 with $1.8 million in fees, includes former Assembly Speaker
Mel Miller.

flombardi@nydailynews.com

Graphic: LAVISH LOBBYISTS

Fees paid to top 10 city lobbyists in 2005:

1. Kasirer Consulting $2,435,100

2. Greenberg Traurig LLP $2,348,034

3. The Parkside Group $2,150,960

4. Bolton St. Johns Inc. $1,842,000

5. Claudia Wagner Law Office

$1,840,233

6. Connelly McLaughlin $1,256,400

7. Bill Lynch Associates $1,220,000

8. Davidoff Malito & Hutcher LLP $1,213,132

9. Constantinople Consulting $1,211,250

10. Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP $1,165,864

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                              778 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Knight Ridder Washington Bureau

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 22, 2009 Wednesday

Bailout recipient Bank of America continues lobbying efforts

BYLINE: Barbara Barrett, McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 662 words


Jul. 22--WASHINGTON -- As Bank of America faces intensifying congressional
oversight during the nation's worst economy since the Great Depression, the
company has spent more than $1.5 million lobbying on Capitol Hill.

Bank of America. the recipient of $45 billion in taxpayer bailout money from the
federal Troubled Asset Relief Program, has worked to sway lawmakers on more than
two dozen pieces of legislation in both the House and Senate.

The Charlotte, N.C., company wants flexibility on spending the bailout funds and
also wants to fend off restrictions on executive compensation, home mortgage
lending and credit card fees.

The bank also is lobbying on a consumer rights bill, on student lending issues,
on a bill that would've allowed bankruptcy judges to alter mortgages and on a
proposed federal regulatory oversight agency.

Bank of America's lobbying spending since January pales next to the $2.3 million
it spent in the first half of 2008.

"We're cutting expenses across the company, including lobbying expenses," said
Bank of America spokeswoman Shirley Norton.

It hasn't said when it plans to pay the TARP money back, though Chief Executive
Ken Lewis told analysts last week that he hopes it would be "sooner rather than
later."

The company spent $800,000 on lobbying from April to June, according to its own
records filed with the U.S. Senate. That's up from $660,000 in the first three
months of the year.

Norton said that number increased because the company did more internal analysis
of the various issues in Washington.

According to Senate records, outside lobbying firms hired by Bank of America
spent $60,000 in the second quarter, down from $90,000 in the first three
months.

Critics say that until the bank and other financial institutions repay
taxpayers' money from TARP funds, they should steer clear of spending money to
spread influence.

"They should not be allowed to lobby," said Craig Holman, a government affairs
lobbyist for Public Citizen, a nonprofit advocacy group that accepts neither
public nor corporate dollars.

"As long as they hold on to a very substantial portion of public funds, and are
publicly owned essentially, they should not be using any of their funds for
lobbying purposes or campaign contributions," Holman said. "And you'll find Bank
of America is doing both."

The bank and its employees have given $127,000 in campaign contributions in the
half of this year, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, a
non-partisan Washington group that tracks political spending.

Other financial institutions receiving TARP funds also are lobbying federal
lawmakers. Among them, Citigroup spent $3 million so far this year, and Goldman
Sachs spent $1.3 million.

Norton, the spokeswoman, said the bank's accountants keep taxpayer funding
separate from the private dollars it uses on lobbying expenses.

"We don't use TARP funds," Norton said. "We're very sensitive to the issue of
using government funds."

Bank of America and Lewis have come under repeated fire from Washington
recently.

Senators questioned Lewis about executive compensation and whether he is doing
enough to get loans out the door at Bank of America.

This spring, a House oversight panel began investigating the bank's $50 billion
purchase of Merrill Lynch, which closed last winter, probing whether Lewis was
wrongly threatened over the pending deal or whether he improperly withheld
information from shareholders.

Last week, Bank of America reported second-quarter profits of $2.4 billion --
its second straight profitable quarter -- despite ongoing losses from failed
loans.

To see more stories from the McClatchy Washington Bureau, go to
http://www.mcclatchydc.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, McClatchy Newspapers
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090722-WA-BANK-AMERICA-20090722

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WA


                 Copyright 2009 Knight Ridder Washington Bureau


                              779 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                               May 6, 2012 Sunday
                                 Drive Edition

Activist shareholders want full disclosure

BYLINE: PAUL MONIES, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1306 words


Activists concerned about corporate spending on lobbying have filed a record
number of shareholder proposals to force disclosures at public companies,
including Devon Energy Corp. and Chesapeake Energy Corp.

Both Oklahoma City energy companies tried to keep the lobbying disclosure
proposals off their annual proxy statements to shareholders, but the Securities
and Exchange Commission said they had to include the measures.

In separate letters to the SEC, the companies argued the proposals were either
too vague or had the effect of micromanaging the company.

The proposals ask Chesapeake and Devon to disclose the amounts they spend on
lobbying legislators and regulators, including amounts spent on trade
associations and membership in tax-exempt policy organizations that write model
legislation. They also ask for disclosures on how the companies use "grassroots
lobbying communications" at the local, state and federal level.

Walden Asset Management and several other investors sponsored the proposal at
Devon, while the Service Employees International Union and the Unitarian
Universalist Association of Congregations are behind the proposal at Chesapeake.
Those groups have filed similar proxy proposals at other companies.

The proposals are part of a broader effort to enhance corporate political
disclosures in the wake of the 2010 U.S. Supreme Court ruling in Citizens
United, said Jill Fisch, a law professor at the University of Pennsylvania who
specializes in corporate governance and proxy issues. The ruling allowed
corporations and unions to spend unlimited amounts of money on campaign issues
as long as they didn't coordinate the efforts with candidates.

"This is obviously a hot issue for shareholders this year," Fisch said. "It's
definitely coming out of the Citizens United decision. It's been targeted by
some of the shareholder groups as a way of responding and filling the gaps."

A recent report by proxy consultants Institutional Shareholder Services said
shareholder proposals involving corporate political activity were the largest
category for the first time this year, surpassing activist proposals over
environmental matters.

Timothy Smith, senior vice president of Boston-based Walden Asset Management,
said Devon was among 40 companies his firm talked to this year on the political
spending and lobbying issue. His firm manages about $2 billion in assets for
individual and institutional clients.

"Devon should understand that, as a major energy company, it's going to be
scrutinized," Smith said. "Especially if they are making contributions or
lobbying on controversial issues, like trying to handcuff the EPA from taking
stands on the environment. Shareholders have a right to know that. We think
their legal actions and the company's response are basically a defense of
secrecy."

Devon, Chesapeake urge rejection

Both Devon and Chesapeake advised shareholders to reject the proposals. Devon's
shareholders will vote on the measure by June 6; Chesapeake's annual meeting is
June 8.

Devon said its total lobbying costs are less than one-hundredth of a percentage
point of its total assets. With $41 billion in assets, that amounts to about $4
million a year.

"The board of directors believes that the currently available information with
respect to lobbying activities strikes the appropriate balance between
transparency and excessive burden and cost," Devon said in its proxy. "The
proposal's requirements would tip this balance, resulting in the waste of
valuable time and corporate resources tracking immaterial activity without
materially altering the publicly available disclosure that currently exists."

Data from the Center for Responsive Politics shows Devon spent about $950,000 on
federal lobbying last year and $1.3 million in 2010. Chesapeake spent about $2
million in 2011 and $2.7 million in 2010. Those figures don't include lobbying
expenditures at the state and local levels.

Vonda Brunsting, with the capital stewardship program at the SEIU pension fund,
said the proposal at Chesapeake grew out of previous proxy proposals that she
said were ignored by the board. Chesapeake shareholders voted in 2008 and 2009
to put the entire board of directors up for election each year. The proposals
were nonbinding, but Chesapeake decided to lobby for passage of an Oklahoma law
that would make directors continue to serve staggered terms.

"That was really an egregious case of shareholders' rights being weakened,"
Brunsting said. "As shareholders, we can't evaluate business risk to a company
unless we know what their expenditures are, and they're not required to disclose
all that information. I think a lot of people are going to be watching the
shareholder meeting, and a lot of investors are going to be looking at all the
issues on the ballot with increased scrutiny."

Chesapeake said it already discloses political contributions with the applicable
state and federal authorities. But the company said disclosing additional
lobbying and trade association expenditures could limit its participation in the
political process and have a "chilling effect" on corporate political speech.

"Our industry is heavily regulated and taxed at the federal, state and local
levels," Chesapeake said in its proxy. "The company must participate in the
political process in order to effectively advocate for and against regulatory
and tax policies that impact our ability to conduct our business. Our
participation is exceedingly important because of the special knowledge and
experience we bring to the process."

Other Oklahoma companies disclose

Tulsa-based Williams Cos. already publishes a list of spending on political
campaigns and lobbying, including dues to trade associations. So does American
Electric Power, the Ohio-based parent company of electric utility Public Service
Co. of Oklahoma.

Williams has disclosed corporate lobbying expenditures since 2009, when a
shareholder group made the request, said spokeswoman Julie Gentz.

"They had asked for a number of disclosures and we were happy to talk with them
about it," Gentz said. "Some we were already doing and others we agreed to do,
so we negotiated a solution and they withdrew the proposal."

According to its 2011 disclosure report, Williams spent $1.1 million in dues to
trade associations, and made a further $114,000 in contributions to political
groups and candidates. Williams spent more on federal lobbying - an average of
almost $4 million a year since 2008 - according to the Center for Responsive
Politics.

AEP, which has electricity customers in 11 states, reported more than $11
million on internal and external lobbying at the state and federal levels in
2011. That figure includes almost $93,000 to Oklahoma-based associations such as
The State Chamber and the Tulsa Metro Chamber.

Melissa McHenry, an AEP spokeswoman in Columbus, Ohio, said the company has
disclosed lobbying and political expenditures since 2007. A group of AEP
shareholders requested the policy and the company agreed, so it never became a
proposal that was voted on through the proxy process.

Fisch said she prefers to see such disclosures decided on a company-by-company
basis rather than a blanket law or regulatory rule. "In some companies, a high
level of political involvement makes sense and in some other companies maybe
it's a waste of shareholder funds," she said.

Because it's the first time on Devon's proxy, Smith of Walden Asset Management
said he doesn't expect to the lobbying expenditure proposal to win passage.
Walden and others may try again next year, he said.

"Our goal is to engage this company and others in a serious discussion about the
issue," Smith said. "We're trying to be persuasive. For us, a positive outcome
isn't necessarily getting a vote; it would be an agreement with the company and
withdrawing the resolution."


LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                              July 06, 2007 Friday

FutureGen lobbying contract finalized

BYLINE: By Mike Riopell;mike.riopell@lee.net

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 291 words


SPRINGFIELD - The state has finished hiring a prominent Washington, D.C.
lobbying firm to push officials to build a prototypical power plant in Illinois.

Cassidy & Associates will work to lure FutureGen, an experimental coal-fired
plant that pumps pollutants into the ground instead of the air, to either
Mattoon or Tuscola. The two Illinois towns are competing with two in Texas.

Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity spokesman Andrew Ross said the
state hired the lobbying firm for an $111,000 contract, with a possible $192,000
extension, because of its background in energy issues.

Former Illinois congressman Martin Russo is a vice chairman of Cassidy &
Associates.

Ross said the move to hire outside help was a way to make sure the state used
every possible means to land FutureGen.

"Gov. Blagojevich wants to make sure we're leaving nothing to chance," he said.

But unlike officials in Texas, Illinois lawmakers have yet to finish legislation
to offer FutureGen's developers incentives to come to the state.

Approving new rules to deflect some lawsuits should FutureGen's technology go
awry is crucial to landing the plant. Texas did so months ago, but Illinois has
yet to finish their legislation.

But because lawmakers also missed deadlines to approve a state budget, they're
still working and can tinker with the FutureGen plan.

"Now that we've got it, we can make good use of it," state Sen. Dale Righter,
R-Mattoon, said of the extra time.

He hopes an incentive package will be finished by the end of the
month.<BIOSV/+UKz--32768f"Arial">

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Pantagraph


                              781 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            October 30, 2009 Friday
                                 SOONER EDITION

CASINO GROUP'S FAILURE TO ENROLL AS LOBBY CALLED CONCERN

BYLINE: TRACIE MAURIELLO, POST-GAZETTE HARRISBURG BUREAU

SECTION: STATE; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 392 words


HARRISBURG -- Leaders of the House and Senate Gaming Oversight Committees say
they are concerned that a casino trade association isn't registered to lobby
even though it advocates for legislation aimed at helping the gaming industry.

The lawmakers also want to know why the group, the Pennsylvania Casino
Association, did not disclose on tax forms that former Supreme Court Chief
Justice Stephen A. Zappala Sr. is its chairman and former executive director.

Ken Smukler, the association's current executive director, said his group never
intended to hide Mr. Zappala's involvement and that it isn't registered with the
Department of State to lobby because its leaders don't believe their
communication with lawmakers constitutes lobbying.

Sen. Jane Earll, R-Erie, and Rep. Dante Santoni, D-Berks, aren't so sure. They
chair their respective chambers' gaming oversight committees.

"I don't want to be accusatory in the sense of accusing them of actively
concealing something because I don't know, but the purpose of lobbying
disclosure rules is so that we can have transparency as far as who is talking to
whom about what," said Ms. Earll.

"The other question is why they're insisting they're not lobbyists. If they're
not lobbying, what's the purpose of the association?"

The Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board which regulates gaming but has no control
over legislation, has had no contact with the association, said spokesman Doug
Harbach.

According to tax filings, the Pennsylvania Casino Association advocates for
improved business conditions and a better understanding of the industry by the
public and lawmakers.

"They certainly can lobby, but they need to play by the same rules as everybody
else," said Mr. Santoni, who is considering convening a public hearing for his
committee to explore members' concerns.

Mr. Smukler said lawmakers have not contacted the association to express those
concerns, which were reported Sunday in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.

"They know how to reach us if they're concerned, and they have not raised those
concerns to us," he said.

Lobbying registration records are maintained by the Department of State, which
referred enforcement questions to the state Ethics Commission.

The Pennsylvania Casino Association has three members: The Rivers in Pittsburgh,
Mount Airy Resort Casino in the Poconos and SugarHouse in Philadelphia.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Tracie Mauriello can be reached at tmauriello@post-gazette.com or
717-787-2141. Follow her at www.twitter.com/pgpolitweets./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              782 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            February 20, 2015 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Sheriff's lobbying tops county;
More than $375,000 exceeds all other state sheriffs combined.

BYLINE:  By Christine Stapleton   Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 770 words


Palm Beach County Sheriff Ric Bradshaw spent more than $375,000 on lobbyists to
make sure his department's interests were heard in Tallahassee last year -- tops
among public agencies in the county and more than all other sheriff's offices in
the state combined.

End-of-year lobbyist ­data released by the state this week show Bradshaw not
only outspent Palm Beach County and the 35 cities in the county that hired
outside lobbyists, but also vastly outspent the state's large sheriff's offices.
By comparison, Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel spent $120,000 on lobbying
and Miami-Dade County Police Department spent nothing. The Florida Sheriff's
Association, which represents departments statewide, spent $140,000 on lobbying.
Only nine sheriffs in Florida hired lobbyists.

Bradshaw spent most of his lobbying dollars on two firms, All Florida Solutions
and Capital City Consulting. All Florida Solutions is headed by attorney Henry
Handler, a founding partner in the law firm of Weiss, Handler & Cornwell, which
formerly employed state Sen. Joe Abruzzo, D-Wellington.

The sheriff's office did not respond to multiple requests for comment this week.

Lobbying ­expenses by other agencies in the county include: $140,000 by the
School District; $65,000 by the Health Care District; and $60,000 each by the
Solid Waste Authority, Children's Services Council and Tax Collector. Some local
agencies have lobbyists on staff, which are not included in these data.

Among cities, Riviera Beach spent the most on outside lobbyists, at $60,000;
West Palm Beach spent $35,000; Wellington, $5,000; and Palm Beach Gardens and
Boynton Beach, $20,000 each. Jupiter spent nothing.

The data compiled by the state's Lobbyist Registration Office also include
amounts spent by ­private companies. Among the largest corporate spenders are
two sugar companies doing business in Palm Beach ­County -- Florida Crystals and
U.S. Sugar -- which spent nearly $1.6 ­million on lobbyists. Florida Crystals
spent $700,000 on 16 firms, with The WREN Group and Corcoran & Johnston each
getting $100,000. U.S. Sugar spent $894,000 on 13 firms, with $188,000 of that
going to Ballard Partners and $276,000 to Buchanan Ingersoll & Rooney.

The data show 25 lobbying firms in the state earned more than $1 million in
2014, with 13 of those earning more than $1.5 million. Ballard Partners topped
the list with $7.4 million in ­earnings. The firm is headed by powerful
Republican fundraiser Brian Ballard, whose sister -- former Palm Beach County
Commissioner Mary ­McCarty -- spent two years in federal prison for honest
services fraud before being released in 2011.

Ballard founded his lobbying firm in 1998 with Jim Smith, former Florida
attorney general as a Democrat and secretary of state as a Republican. Ballard
and Smith parted in 2011.

Southern Strategy Group was the next top earner, bringing in $7 million. It is
the former lobbying firm of John Thrasher, newly appointed president of Florida
State University and longtime member of both the state House and Senate who
recently served as chairman of the state Republican Party. Among the list of
local clients are Behavior Health of the Palm Beaches, the Health Care District
of Palm Beach County and the Scripps Research Institute.

The third-highest earner in 2014 was lobbyist Ronald Book, with earnings of $5.3
million. Capital City Consulting was the fourth-highest-paid lobbying firm,
­receiving $4.3 million from ­clients including the Palm Beach County Sheriff's
Office, Las Vegas Sands, Everglades Foundation and Palm Beach County School
District.

The exact amounts received by lobbying firms is not known. Under Florida law,
lobbying firms report their quarterly compensation totals in ranges of $0; $1 to
$9,999; $10,000 to $19,999; $20,000 to $29,999; $30,000 to $39,999; $40,000 to
$49,999; or $50,000 or more.

If the category "$50,000 or more" is selected, the specific dollar amount of
compensation must be reported, but because the lobbyist firms report their
totals quarterly, not annually, the annual aggregates are rounded and inexact.

In addition, the earnings data are tabulated by using the median amount within
each range, and the median is what's reported in this story.

cstapleton@pbpost.com Twitter: @StapletonPBPost

MORE ONLINE

See an exclusive interactive showing local spending on lobbyists.
mypalmbeachpost.com/lobbyingupdate/

Read the 2014 Florida Lobbyist Registration Office Report, mypalmbeachpost.com

CITY SPENDING

Riviera Beach: $60,000

West Palm Beach: $35,000

Boynton Beach: $20,000

Palm Beach Gardens: $20,000

Delray Beach: $20,000

Boca Raton: $20,000

Wellington: $5,000

Jupiter: $0

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            September 7, 2007 Friday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

AROUND THE STATE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 473 words


Bruno associate faces probe into lobbying

NEWS ALBANY BUREAU

ALBANY -- The state Lobbying Commission voted unanimously Thursday to refer a
case involving a businessman with close ties to Senate Majority Leader Joseph L.
Bruno, R-Brunswick, to the new Commission on Public Integrity.

The agency will examine whether Jared Abbruzzese, who has business ties to
Bruno, violated a state gift ban by paying for private charter flights that
carried Bruno to such places as Washington, D.C., and Palm Beach, Fla.

Bruno's ties with Abbruzzese already are the subject of an FBI investigation
that began last year into the senator's outside business connections.

The agency also said Abbruzzese failed to register as a lobbyist; at the time of
the flights, he was involved with a group trying to influence the future of
thoroughbred horse racing in the state.

Stephen Coffey, Abbruzzese's lawyer, said his client is not a lobbyist and that
the case brought by David Grandeau, the lobbying agency's executive director, is
part of a "personal and purely subjective agenda" against Abbruzzese.

***

Federal judge voids part of Patriot Act

NEW YORK (AP) -- A federal judge in Manhattan issued a blistering attack
Thursday on the USA Patriot Act as he struck down a key provision that he said
runs roughshod over the Constitution and puts Americans in danger of
"far-reaching invasions of liberty."

In a ruling remarkable for its numerous pages spent defending the need for
judicial oversight of laws, U.S. District Judge Victor Marrero handed the
American Civil Liberties Union a major victory in its challenge to the
post-Sept. 11 law.

The judge immediately stayed the effect of his ruling, allowing the government
time to appeal.

The ACLU had challenged the law on behalf of an Internet service provider,
complaining that it allowed the FBI to demand records without the kind of court
supervision required for other government searches.

***

Auction to sell medal presented to Lafayette

NEW YORK (AP) -- An ornate gold medal depicting an eagle, commissioned by George
Washington as a symbol of the ideals of the Revolutionary War and later
presented to the Marquis de Lafayette, is to be sold at auction later this year.

Sotheby's auction house made the announcement Thursday, on the 250th anniversary
of the birth of Lafayette. The gold and enamel medal -- showing an eagle
surrounded by a laurel wreath -- is estimated to bring up to $10 million at the
Dec. 11 sale, it said.

"This medal is a treasure from the age of heroes; one of those magical artifacts
that burns through time and transports us to a moment that changed the world
forever," David Redden, vice chairman of Sotheby's, said in a statement.

Lafayette joined the American Revolution after leaving the French Army at age
19. He played a pivotal role in the final victory at the Battle of Yorktown in
1781.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                  January 11, 2004 Sunday 2 Late Tampa Edition

Business lobbying group trims staff

BYLINE: LUCY MORGAN

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 533 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


Associated Industries of Florida, one of the state's best-known business groups,
significantly reduced its staff Friday.

Former state Rep. Art Simon, a senior vice president at AIF,  was among nine
employees cut from the 22-person lobbying operation for  some of Florida's
biggest companies, president Jon Shebel said.

Shebel said the cuts became necessary because the workers' compensation
insurance companies he also runs are involved in a transaction that will greatly
reduce the income flowing into AIF.

"I can't characterize it now as anything other than a financial transaction,"
Shebel said Saturday when asked whether he is selling the insurance businesses.

He said that a former partner based in Bermuda is getting out of the business
and that he is negotiating with another company.

"We are dealing with international companies," Shebel said. "Our current partner
liked having a lobbying operation; the one coming in thought we didn't need to
spend money on that."

Since being created in 1920, AIF has been a key player  in  developing  or
modifying  almost every business law for decades. Most recently, the
organization helped write major changes to the workers' compensation law and led
efforts to reform the state's civil litigation system.

Shebel said AIF will continue to be a major lobbying force but won't have the
steady income that has allowed it to make millions of dollars in campaign
contributions.

The organization has long sponsored a posh night-before-session party that
attracts more than 5,000, including lawmakers, state officials and others
involved in the legislative process. The party is paid for by AIF members such
as Publix, TECO Energy Inc.,  Bell South, Anheuser-Busch, Ford Motor Co., Philip
Morris and Bank of America.

The trimmed-back group will continue to operate out of a palatial headquarters
just down the street from the governor's mansion.

Shebel said all of the buildings AIF owns in Tallahassee were paid for with
proceeds from the insurance businesses and are owned "free and clear" by the
organization. He said the group paid cash for the $3.2-million headquarters.

For the foreseeable future, the group will operate on dues paid by members,
Shebel said. He said the 13 remaining staffers will be sufficient to continue
operations.

Except for Simon, senior vice president of operations, the other eight employees
were support staffers based in  Tallahassee. Some of them were longtime
employees with more than 17 years of service, Shebel said.

The more than 250 insurance company employees in Fort Lauderdale and Clearwater
were not affected by the cutback.

Simon, 58, a member of the state House of Representatives from 1982 to 1994, was
deputy comptroller and director of banking for former Comptroller Bob Milligan
until he left office last year. Shortly afterward, he took over as head of daily
operations for Shebel. Simon could not be reached for comment Saturday.

Shebel said that despite the cuts to staff, two lobbyists have been added to
AIF's team. Guy Spearman and Mike Zagorac, already members of AIF boards, will
volunteer their services, Shebel told members in a memo distributed late Friday.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA & STATE; CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              785 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            June 27, 1996, Thursday

PA DREDGING UP A FIGHT, SAY POLS
BROOKLYN SLIGHT CHARGED

BYLINE: By DOUGLAS FEIDEN

SECTION: Business; Pg.  77

LENGTH: 493 words


The Port Authority is quietly lobbying Congress for $ 425 million to dredge the
New Jersey side of New York Harbor, a move critics charge could sink the city's
hopes of reviving the dormant port in Brooklyn.

The PA's pursuit of a federal funding bonanza to dredge the Kill Van Kull could
spark a trans-Hudson fire fight between New Jersey officials and New York
politicians, who claim they've long been shortchanged by the Port.

It comes at a time when Mayor Giuliani is calling for dismantling the PA
because, he says, it soaks up millions of city dollars and ships them to New
Jersey. Governor Pataki, through his PA board appointees, is also trying to
reform the agency to make it more responsive to New York interests.

But the PA's lobbying blitz for funding to blast the channel that leads to Port
Newark and Port Elizabeth without providing a penny to dredge the Brooklyn side
appears to have dealt those efforts a giant setback.

The Port is seeking the windfall for Jersey's half of the harbor, even as the
city and state are in the midst of a major $ 300,000 feasibility study, to be
finished Aug. 1, on reviving the idle port on the Brooklyn side. Critics fear
the Kill Van Kull expenditure, which Congress is expected to approve next month,
will lock up scarce funding.

Senior Pataki administration officials familiar with the issue expressed
concerns yesterday that the lobbying approach to secure federal funds was
"biased in favor of New Jersey."

And other sources said the Port Authority failed to brief top New York
officials, who were left in the dark about a crucial March 27 letter from John
Haley, the PA's deputy executive director, to Rep. Bob Franks (R-N.J.) seeking
to earmark funds for the Kill Van Kull.

In addition, some members of New York's congressional delegation, as well as the
PA's own commissioners, weren't clued in about the lobbying drive:

"It's news to me," said Melvin Schweitzer, one of six PA commissioners from New
York.

Rep. Jerrold Nadler (D-Manhattan) went even further at a meeting of a coalition
seeking to rejuvenate the Brooklyn waterfront.

"This entire expenditure has only one purpose and that's to take commerce away
from New York and ship it to New Jersey," Nadler said. "It would be a tremendous
disincentive to doing anything on the Brooklyn side."

PA spokesman Peter Yerkes said the $ 425 million project, which will dredge the
Kill Van Kull to a depth of 45 feet over four to six years, will have "numerous
benefits" for New York as well as for New Jersey.

It will improve access to the Howland Hook Containerport on Staten Island and
fund an Army Corps of Engineers study of the dredging needs of the entire
harbor. That could eventually lead to recommendations to deepen Brooklyn channel
depths, Yerkes said.

One leading local politician, Rep. Susan Molinari (R-S.I.), is supportive of the
plan, which she says will create 1,000 jobs at Howland Hook.


LOAD-DATE: June 28, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SOME CITY officials say that Port Authority plans to dredge the Kill
Van Kull favors New Jersey.

                        Copyright 1996 Daily News, L.P.


                              786 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 23, 1993, Thursday, Final Edition

Md. Eliminates Tax Break for Lobbying

Thomas Heath, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 765 words


In a move that dovetails with new federal laws eliminating tax breaks for
legislative lobbying, corporations no longer will be able to deduct such
expenses on their Maryland tax returns beginning Jan. 1, Maryland Attorney
General J. Joseph Curran Jr. said yesterday.

Although the change will contribute only a few hundred thousand dollars in tax
revenue to the $ 12.5 billion state budget, Curran said the symbolism will not
be lost on the public.

"It means that if you want to hire a lobbyist, pay it out of your pocket, not
out of the taxpayers' pocket," said Curran, a Democrat who is running for
reelection next year. His opinion was issued in response to a request from a
state legislator seeking clarification on the issue.

The new policy did not require action on the part of Maryland officials because
state tax rules are set up so that they always reflect the latest guidelines
built into the federal tax code, Curran said.

Virginia's tax laws also will conform to the federal laws starting Jan. 1, an
official said.

Several companies and associations, including Blue Cross/Blue Shield of
Maryland, Baltimore Gas & Electric and the Maryland Bar Association, said they
will not alter their advocacy efforts.

"These are important activities for our customers and our shareholders," said
Baltimore Gas & Electric's John Metzger.

Lobbyists said the change is unfair and singles them out for political purposes,
but none of the advocates interviewed yesterday plans to cut back on meals,
receptions or other activities related to their work.

"It's highly discriminatory," said Bruce C. Bereano, one of the highest-paid
lobbyists in Annapolis. "It is picking on an activity that is an exercise of
democracy."

Bereano said he will continue treating people to meals at his reserved table at
the Maryland Inn, and he doesn't plan to curtail his expensive tradition of
sending flowers to women who work in the General Assembly.

"I'll still be at my table. I'll still be buying flowers," Bereano said. "I'm
not going to change my activities or the way I do things."

Lobbyist Joseph A. Schwartz III said it is appropriate for lobbyists to have the
tax deductions for their expenses because they represent the interests of many
citizens.

"If you're a teacher, a lawyer, a banker, [a lobbyist's] job is to try to get
your message across to elected officials," Schwartz said. "It's called petition
to redress grievances. . . . It's going to depress the hiring of lobbyists, and
it's going to depress their fees."

Lobbying has become a lucrative business in Maryland during the last decade,
reports issued by the State Ethics Commission indicate.

From November 1991 to October 1992, lobbyists billed their clients $ 13.8
million, up $ 1 million from the previous year. That figure compares with $ 2.8
million in lobbyist expenditures in 1979, the first year the Ethics Commission
began overseeing lobbyists' disclosure statements.

Phil Andrews, executive director of the government watchdog group Common
Cause/Maryland, said the new state restriction is good public policy that will
level the playing field in the halls of the State House in Annapolis.

"The fact that there will no longer be a deduction for certain lobbying expenses
should reduce the advantage that very well-heeled lobbyists and their clients
have in Annapolis," Andrews said.

Last year, those deductions meant that in Maryland, $ 7 in taxes would be saved
for every $ 100 spent on lobbying expenses, according to Curran's office. The
savings in federal corporate income tax was $ 34 on every $ 100 in lobbying
expenses.

The restaurant industry fears that the new rule will erode the time-honored
tradition of lawmakers dining on the tab of lobbyists.

"I don't know if lobbyists will stop eating, but they certainly will do it with
less abandon," said Marcia Harris, of the Restaurant Association of Maryland.

Gino Giolitti, owner of La Piccola Roma, a block from the State House, said he
gets a significant chunk of business from lobbyists taking legislators to meals.

"It's a pretty integral part of their way of doing business," Giolitti said of
the lobbyists. "It's tough to take the politicos' time without getting something
in return. If you can get him out for a meal, you can get his ear."

The new tax law also is presenting a problem for professional associations,
which often spend a large portion of their budgets lobbying on behalf of their
members. Some or all of those membership fees no longer will be tax deductible.

Staff writer Richard Tapscott contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              787 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 3, 2005 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Albany Report Card

SECTION: Section 14LI; Column 1; Long Island Weekly Desk; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1151 words


Last year, if you had asked us to assess New York State's legislative year, we
would have found it hard to get beyond a sigh of disappointment. This year,
mostly, we applaud. An impressive number of the 700 or so bills approved by the
Legislature reflect a conscientious effort to reform the way Albany does
business. Here is a closer look at what the legislators did and did not do.

Budget Reform. Albany produced an on-time budget for the first time in 21 years,
creating the climate -- and the time -- for other reforms that came later. It
also made the budget process more accessible to the press and public than it had
been in years, at least in the earlier stages. The Legislature opened up its
conference committees, and Gov. George Pataki held public meetings of Albany's
top leaders, where important matters were brought to the table before they had
been decided in secret.

Near the end, negotiations returned to the back rooms. Over all, however, there
was real progress, although a constitutional amendment aimed at further reform
could too easily undercut the governor's traditional authority to shape the
budget. The amendment will be presented to voters this fall.

Lobbying Reform. The law that is likely to do more than any other to change the
way Albany does business will require people who lobby state agencies for
billions of dollars in contracts to register publicly, just as they would if
they were lobbying the Legislature.

The new law lasts for two years, plenty of time for lobbyists to figure out a
way around it and for reformers to determine how to fix the problem again. How
well this law actually works will depend heavily on the makeup of an advisory
group that will be appointed primarily by Mr. Pataki and the legislative
leaders.

The Legislature would have received higher marks for lobbying reform if it had
taken the next obvious step -- banning gifts from lobbyists to state officials.
The governor wants this reform and he deserves to get it next time.

Open Governance.  For the first time in years, legislators were required to vote
in person -- a serious inconvenience for many lawmakers long accustomed to being
recorded as voting even when they were somewhere else.

This reform has encouraged real debate on legislation, the kind that sways
people who are still on the fence. Leaders are still bringing bills to the floor
in the confident expectation that they will pass. But this year there were a few
surprises. Assembly leaders suddenly withdrew two bills when it became apparent
the debate was not leaning their way. A Senate bill was actually withdrawn after
the vote had been declared.

In yet another move that may shed sunlight on Albany's day-to-day business, the
Legislature agreed to televise public sessions statewide. This may not displace
E! Entertainment Television, but at least voters can see how their legislators
do on their feet. And some debates really are worth the time for anyone
interested in the pros and cons of, say, a junk-food tax or emergency
contraception.

Some changes in the rules changed very little. Leaders still have their members
more or less by the throat. And the minority parties -- Democrats in the Senate,
Republicans in the Assembly -- still have trouble putting their names on
important bills as sponsors. The Senate's changes were particularly paltry.
Members are often allowed to vote by proxy in committee, and even legislation
that has the clear support of everyone except the leadership cannot make it to
the Senate floor without the approval of the majority leader, Joseph Bruno.

The Legislature, of course, was not the only institution in Albany in need of
sunlight. For years, a host of public-private authorities -- a secret government
of sorts -- approved billions of dollars in public works without any real
oversight from the public or its elected representatives. The Legislature agreed
to open them up. But control of these groups still rests with the governor,
meaning that the Legislature will have to be diligent in checking to see whether
its changes are actually working.

Election Reform. Legislators agreed to computerize local campaign offices, which
should tell us more about who gives what to whom. And a compromise proposal that
will help get money from Washington to buy new voting machines finally made it
through both houses. The new law will require a voter-verified paper ballot, a
necessity in a state where arduous recounts are commonplace.

Regrettably, though, the Legislature failed to complete its task, leaving
unchanged New York's strange full-face ballot, which has all the races on one
page and limits the types of voting machines that can be used to record the
ballots.

It also failed to address other imperatives of campaign finance reform, like
lowering the limits on giving, banning soft money and ending fund-raisers around
the Capitol while the Legislature is in session. And when it next meets, the
Legislature must establish a nonpartisan redistricting commission and not wait
until just before 2012, when the map is scheduled to be redrawn.

Miscellaneous Ups and Downs. On the upside, the Legislature plugged a nagging
loophole in the ethics law: a ''get out of jail free'' escape mechanism that had
allowed public officials to avoid investigation into unethical behavior simply
by retiring or resigning from their jobs.

Other worthy measures will tighten energy and efficiency standards for
residential and commercial appliances; authorize Internet sales of wine by New
York wineries; and provide important tax incentives for Lower Manhattan.

The Legislature also required more thorough disclosure of hospital infection
rates, which must henceforth be reported to the Health Department and eventually
be made public. There are 90,000 infection-related deaths across the country
each year; fuller disclosure should help persuade sloppy hospitals to take
remedial action.

On the downside, an expanded bottle-redemption bill passed the Assembly but died
in the Senate, where Mr. Bruno called it a dumb idea despite support from his
own party. A proposal for much-needed pay raises for judges was lost in the
last-minute scrum. Also at the last minute, legislators created a number of new
judicial positions, many for patronage appointments. Among these was a judgeship
in Brooklyn created just in time to miss the deadline for elections. Now
Democratic Party leaders will choose the judge -- not a good idea, especially in
Brooklyn.

On balance, every leader and most legislators can walk away from this year's
session feeling that they've done serious work and that they can legitimately
call themselves reformers. Big tasks remain, like education funding and Medicaid
reform. Voters and the media still have to keep a keen eye on this bunch to make
sure they don't sit back and say they ''did reform'' in 2005. But for now
there's much to be proud of.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              788 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Record

                            August 26, 2005, Friday

Annual lobbying trip revamped

LENGTH: 490 words



STOCKTON -- The county's regional transportation planning agency says it will
make regional transportation projects the top priority during its annual
lobbying effort in Washington, D.C.

The San Joaquin Council of Governments on Thursday decided to revamp the
region's annual One Voice lobbying trip to Washington. The changes will reduce
the number of projects on its wish list, giving local officials more time to
advocate for those that have a better chance of garnering federal dollars, COG
officials said.

Under the new guidelines, local jurisdictions, including transit agencies, can
submit only two projects -- one regional and either a local transportation
project or a nontransportation project, said Susan Filios, senior regional
planner for COG. In the past, cities would each submit dozens of projects.

In March, more than 70 community leaders from San Joaquin County lobbied
lawmakers in Washington for federal funding of more than 35 transportation
projects worth about $ 200 million. The projects ranged from extending the
Altamont Commuter Express train north to Sacramento to a new drinking-water
treatment program for Ripon.

But officials said there were too many projects on the annual list, making it
hard to lobby for each one of them.

In January, the COG board asked staffers to create new guidelines that would
help the board pare the list. In June, the COG executive committee recommended
having three tiers of projects, with regional transportation work at the top.

"I think this will streamline it, and I personally think that's good," said Lodi
Councilman Larry Hansen, who sits on the COG board.

"It seemed overwhelming with the number of projects, and I don't think a lot of
them got attention," he said.

Also under the new rules, nontransportation projects submitted by nonprofit
groups and businesses must be sponsored by a city before it can make it onto the
One Voice lobby list, a change that raised concern among some board members.

Duane Isetti, a COG board member, said the One Voice trip was a good chance for
nonprofit groups to advocate for money they might not otherwise get.

"It gives a forum for these people to go on the trip and go to agencies where
there are pockets of money," said Isetti, who is also chairman of the San
Joaquin Regional Transit District.

COG's annual One Voice trip was initiated in 1999 as a way to put the county on
the map and garner federal dollars primarily for local and regional projects.
The next One Voice trip is scheduled in the first week of April.



-----

To see more of The Record, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.recordnet.com.

Copyright (c) 2005, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SK-TRANSPORTATION-LOBBYING-20050826

JOURNAL-CODE: SK

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                           Copyright 2005 The Record


                              789 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            October 27, 2006 Friday

VTA hires new lobbying firm to seek federal BART money

BYLINE: Barry Witt, Mercury News

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 456 words


When the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority returns to Washington,
D.C., to revive its application for federal money for the troubled
BART-to-Silicon Valley project, the agency will have a new crew of high-profile
hired guns to do the bidding.

VTA's governing board is expected next week to approve a recommendation to dump
its Washington lobbying firm of the past 11 years and replace it with a company
featuring former U.S. Reps. Vic Fazio, the Sacramento Democrat, and Bill Paxon,
the New York Republican.

VTA General Manager Michael Burns said that after he took the reins of the
agency in mid-2005, he decided it was time to look at whether the agency could
improve its status on Capitol Hill after being represented there for more than a
decade by BKSH & Associates. Nine firms, including BKSH, submitted applications
for the job in August, and a review panel decided to not even bring BKSH in as
one of four firms to be interviewed.

The panel wrote in its evaluation that BKSH's ``track record has been mixed,''
crediting it as strong on lobbying for favorable federal policies, but weak when
it came to seeking federal monies.

Burns said VTA's stalled efforts to get up to $750 million in federal funds for
BART were not the fault of BKSH, because the project is not favored by the Bush
administration and fails to meet minimum federal standards for
cost-effectiveness. But he wanted to see whether the agency could find better
representation on a host of federal issues.

``It's a vital job for us,'' Burns said. ``We need somebody there on the ground
from a day-to-day perspective protecting our interest, advocating for us.''

The winning applicant was the giant lobbying firm Akin Gump Strauss Hauer &
Field, which said Fazio and Paxon will have a direct hand in the managing the
VTA contract. Akin Gump will be paid $18,000 a month, and its contract will run
three years, with two additional one-year options.

Carl Guardino, president of the Silicon Valley Leadership Group, said having
former members of Congress lobbying on the Hill should prove invaluable.

``Paxon was extremely popular with his Republican colleagues,'' Guardino said.
``Hopefully that carries over on the advocacy side.''

Faced with the probability that the Bush administration would kick the $4.7
billion BART project out of the federal funding pipeline last December, VTA
withdrew its application and will wait till summer 2008 to re-apply. A decision
on whether to recommend granting federal money would be left to the next
administration.

The agency cannot qualify for federal money unless it can find a stable source
of funds to operate the proposed 16.1-mile extension over the long-term.

Contact Barry Witt at bwitt@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5703.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              790 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     June 23, 1999, Wednesday, Home Edition

ATLANTA TECH;
 Two-day conference matches companies, venture capitalists

BYLINE: Mark Clothier, Staff

SOURCE: Constitution

SECTION: Business; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 454 words

Atlanta now has at least three official, public events for young technology
companies to attract investors.

The Technology Association of Georgia holds a venture capital conference in the
fall. Red Herring magazine sponsors one in the spring. Today is the first day of
the two-day American Electronics Association venture forum.

This the first time the lobbying group has sponsored a regional venture capital
conference in Atlanta. The AEA, a Washington-based lobbying group, used to hold
three conferences, in the San Francisco area, San Diego and Austin, Texas.
Seattle and Atlanta were added this year.

Renee Winchell, who manages the financial conferences for the AEA, said she's
found the enthusiasm for venture capital conferences has waned some in places
like Austin and the Silicon Valley, where technology companies and venture
capital are more familiar with each other.

"Eventually the deal flow becomes so sophisticated that these conferences don't
need to occur," she said. "We've seen in the Bay Area that the really hot
companies don't need to present any more to get the deals done."

But while venture capital in Georgia is growing, from 28 deals worth $ 91.4
million in 1994 to 64 deals for $ 262.8 million last year, it is still a small
amount compared with the money invested in young tech companies nationally. For
the first three months of this year, Silicon Valley attracted $ 1.7 billion, or
40 percent of all venture capital, according to PricewaterhouseCoopers. The
Southeast ranked sixth, behind New England, metropolitan New York, metropolitan
Los Angeles and the Northwest.

The AEA's two-day event consists of one day of presentations by small private
companies and one day of educational seminars. The conference is at the
Swissotel in Buckhead. The AEA's Web site is www.aeanet.org.

Local companies making pitches for investment money today will include Home
Wireless, a Norcross company developing products that let you manage computers,
wired and wireless phones and fax machines --- most any devices that can be
fitted with a wireless transmitter.

Another is Video Networks, a Roswell company that developed a way to digitally
transmit film footage. Video Networks also has automated much of the way
television advertising is paid for and accounted for.

About 125 people have registered to attend today and 150 for Thursday, when
programs will feature about 35 speakers. Today is open to companies that already
have been approved to make pitches and the financial groups they will pitch to.
The cost is $ 395. Thursday is open to anyone. Admission is $ 595.

Winchell said the AEA has not decided whether the Atlanta venture capital
conference will be a yearly event.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              791 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                             August 25, 2008 Monday

Campaign Finance: Securities Firms, Banks, Lawyers, and Lobbying

BYLINE: Peter Schroeder

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 4 Vol. 365 No. 32951

LENGTH: 608  words


Several of the securities firms, banks, and law firms that are sponsoring the
Democratic and Republican political conventions have spent tens of millions of
dollars during the past four years lobbying, according to a collaborative study
done by the Center for Responsive Politics and The Campaign Finance Institute.

The study released Wednesday details the political contributions and lobbying
expenditures of nearly 200 sponsors of the two major political conventions
occurring in the next two weeks. Some of the sponsors play a significant role in
the municipal bond market. The Democrat's convention is slated to run today
through Wednesday in Denver, and Republicans will convene in St. Paul, Minn.,
next week from Sept. 1 to 4.

While the report does not include exactly what each sponsor is giving to the
conventions - that information does not have to be disclosed until 60 days
following the convention - seeing how much various companies contributed and
spent on lobbying over the past few years does help paint a picture of their
Hill influence, according to CPR's communications director Massie Ritsch.

"What you're seeing is a measure of the political influence of the convention
sponsors, driving home the point that the conventions are really just one
element in their larger influence strategy," he said Friday. "What's going to go
on in Denver and [St. Paul] over the next two weeks is really not unlike what
happens in Washington every other day of the year. It's just a more
concentrated, lavish, festive kind of gathering."

Of the dozen convention sponsors tied to the muni market, Hogan & Hartson LLP,
an international law firm based here that served as bond counsel on $1.2 billion
of bonds in 2007, according to data from Thomson Reuters, spent the most on
lobbying from 2005 to 2008. Over the last three years, the firm spent $56.7
million on lobbying expenditures. During that same time frame, the firm and its
employees donated $1.6 million to various political campaigns and parties, with
nearly 75% of those donations going to Democratic efforts.

The second largest lobbying effort came from the law firm of Greenberg Traurig
LLP, another Washington-based international firm, which served as bond counsel
on some $5.2 billion of bond deals in 2007. Greenberg spent $23.3 million
lobbying over the last three years, and donated $2.3 million during that time.
Sixty percent of its donations went to Democratic campaigns or the Democratic
Party, according to the report.

Citi spent the third-largest amount on lobbying at $23 million. However, the
bank and its employees donated the most out of the 12 market participants.
Roughly split evenly between Democratic and Republican campaigns, the bank
donated $6.4 million total since 2005.

Morgan Stanley spent the most on lobbying in the last four years of all the
securities and investment firms sponsoring the conventions, totaling $8.5
million, the report found. The firm also donated $5 million to various
Democratic and Republican causes.

Wells Fargo Bank spent $6 million on lobbying in the last three years, and
donated $2.3 million to federal campaigns.

Lehman Brothers Inc. and UBS AGeach spent $2.6 million on lobbying, and donated
$3 million and $4.7 million to campaigns, respectively.

Cobank, First Bank Holding Co., US Bancorp, KeyCorp, and RBC Capital Markets
round out the rest of the list, with each company spending less than $1.5
million over the last three years on lobbying, with KeyCorp and RBC allocating
no funds toward lobbying efforts. Those five groups also each donated less than
$1 million to various political campaigns during that same time, the report
found.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BB


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 29, 1998, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

The Business of Persuasion Thrives in Nation's Capital

BYLINE: By JILL ABRAMSON

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 5476 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 28


"I haven't thought about Monica Lewinsky all day," mused Wright Andrews, a
Washington lobbyist.

He was too busy. While the rest of Washington was obsessing over the President's
sex scandal, Mr. Andrews and dozens of other business lobbyists were working on
bankruptcy legislation that passed the Senate on Wednesday. Kenneth W. Starr's
$40 million investigation may have dominated the headlines and caused misery for
President Clinton, but $40 million was also spent on lobbying by the banking,
credit card and retailing industries on a variety of bills, including bank
legislation that would make it much tougher to declare personal bankruptcy.

This year has also, separately, been a banner year for K Street, the power
corridor of law and lobbying firms that rims the White House in downtown
Washington.

It started with extensive lobbying earlier in the year by the cigarette industry
to crush a comprehensive tobacco bill, followed by efforts to influence major
banking and bankruptcy legislation. With more lobbying yet to come on
appropriations, trade and tax measures, Mr. Andrews and many lobbyists
interviewed in recent months predicted that more would be spent on influencing
the Federal Government this year than in 1997, when a record $1.2 billion was
reportedly spent.

This rapid growth in spending has brought with it the rise of a new lobbying
elite. At a time when the Democratic Administration and the Republican-led
Congress are often at loggerheads and when Washington's agenda, dominated by
scandal, seems inert, K Street's portfolio has never been more robust. That
portfolio includes multimillion-dollar lobbying campaigns on issues like product
liability law, health care and computer privacy.

They are issues that do not necessarily receive a lot of media attention though
they affect millions of people.

All last week, for example, while the klieg lights were shining on the House
Judiciary Committee's debate about the Starr report, swarms of tax lobbyists
were crisscrossing the hallways outside the House Ways and Means Committee,
known as Gucci Gulch, in an effort to preserve an array of business tax breaks
in the House's $80 billion tax-cut package.

The influence industry was already on a growth curve in the 1980's, but that
growth has exploded in recent years with the advent of a divided Government.

A new cast of Republican Congressional committee and subcommittee chairmen as
well as Washington's increasing impact on highly regulated industries like
financial services, telecommunications and health care has meant that
corporations and lobbying firms are reaching much deeper into the bureaucracy in
order to wield influence.

When Kenneth J. Kies left his Congressional staff position last winter for a
million-dollar job lobbying for PricewaterhouseCoopers, Congressional committee
chairmen, senior Treasury Department and White House officials turned out for a
lavish farewell in the House Ways and Means Committee room, a testament to his
connectedness.

The eye-popping salary package commanded by Mr. Kies, a 46-year-old Republican
tax lawyer who earned $132,000 as chief of staff of the Joint Committee on
Taxation, was fresh evidence of a culture of money that in the 1990's has begun
to transform Washington's image as a power city.

Another bureaucrat who was unknown outside Washington, Bruce Merlin Fried, a
senior administrator for Medicare and Medicaid programs at the Department of
Health and Human Services, was also courted like a superstar when he left the
Government last January.

"I felt like I was representing Michael Jordan," said Susan Schneider, a legal
headhunter who helped Mr. Fried choose among plum jobs at law and lobbying
firms.

"The demand for knowledgeable people who can track what is going on on Capitol
Hill and the Government and can figure out the pressure points that companies
should be touching in Washington has greatly increased," said Richard Shapiro,
executive director of the Congressional Management Foundation, a private
organization that tries to educate Congress on running its business.

Almost anyone with significant political connections, including the spouses,
family members and former aides of lawmakers, is highly marketable on K Street.
Michelle Laxalt, for example, the daughter of Paul Laxalt, a former Republican
Senator, is sought after as a lobbyist for her Senate connections.

Boutique firms that specialize in lobbying a single member or a single committee
of Congress have also sprouted up and are flourishing. Ann M. Eppard, who for 22
years served as a top aide to Bud Shuster, the House Transportation Committee
chairman, left her job in 1994 and hung out her shingle as a transportation
lobbyist. Within months, she had lined up more than $1 million in retainers from
an array of big transportation companies, including the FDX Corporation.

Some denizens of the capital say that K Street's explosion has fundamentally
changed the city's atmosphere, with a new obsession with money eclipsing
Washington's traditional obsession with power.

"New York was money, Los Angeles was glamour and Washington was always power,"
said Victor Kamber, a lobbyist and a political consultant for 32 years whose
firm billed $11 million last year. "Now this town is as much about money as
power."

Dollars on Parade
A World Awash With Big Money

Washington has long been one of the nation's wealthiest metropolitan areas, with
a large population of Government workers and white-collar professionals. But its
elite, led by a stratum of highly paid lawyers and lobbyists, has never been as
brazen in advertising its money or political connections.

At the Capital Grille, an expensive restaurant that opened near the Capitol in
1994, lobbyists flaunt their clients and their expensive tastes with brass name
plaques on private wine lockers.

So many wealthy Washingtonians are buying second homes along Maryland's
once-quaint Eastern Shore that some areas are taking on the congested feel of
New York's Hamptons on summer weekends. And a new glossy magazine, Capital
Style, regularly profiles the lives of Washington's rich and famous.

Nothing seems to restrain this new culture. Not tighter revolving-door rules
signed by President Clinton that lengthened the time that some lobbyists must
refrain from lobbying their old agencies. Not a gift ban passed by the Congress
to loosen the knot of friendship between lobbyists and lawmakers. Not even a
major fund-raising scandal in which some of the city's premier lobbyists,
including Haley Barbour, a former Republican Party chairman, and Peter S.
Knight, a Democratic fund-raiser, were brought before Congressional oversight
committees.

Some of the most expensive lobbying campaigns have sought to insure that nothing
happens, like the $100 million effort to kill anti-tobacco legislation.

"A lot of the best lobbyists are like paid assassins," said Jennifer Shecter of
the Center for Responsive Politics, a research group in Washington.

Lobbyists have always been part of the capital's political fabric, but have
never before been so intimately interwoven into the government. Twenty years
ago, for example, most Washington law firms did little or no lobbying. Now
virtually all of them have bustling lobbying practices, and some have even hired
non-lawyers to increase their political clout.

In his fight against impeachment, President Clinton has reached out to a network
of Democratic lobbyists, lawyers and political consultants, including Thomas
Hale Boggs Jr., Jody Powell, Joseph P. O'Neill and Anthony T. Podesta, who
participate in a daily conference call with White House officials to plot
strategy. This daily bull session is organized by Steve Ricchetti, who recently
returned to the White House after leaving to become a lobbyist.

Both Vice President Al Gore and Speaker Newt Gingrich have tight coteries of
lobbyists who regularly advise them on political matters.

Political analyst Kevin P. Phillips, author of "Arrogant Capital," worries that
Washington has become what the Founding Fathers feared, a "capital so privileged
and incestuous in its dealings, that average citizens believe it is no longer
accessible to the general public."

Mr. Phillips added that there was nothing like Washington's "massive, permanent
lobbying elite" in other foreign capitals.

Foreign countries, in fact, feel it is necessary to hire Washington lobbyists to
have their voices heard. Tiny Azerbaijan is currently interviewing firms, even
though the small republic has an embassy in Washington and limited resources.
The reason? Its neighbors have Washington lobbyists.

At least 128 former members of Congress are now working as lobbyists. Although
some found solace on K Street after they were defeated for re-election, others
left office because they were offered giant salary increases to become
lobbyists.

In 1993 and 1994, Ohio Republican Willis D. Gradison Jr. and Oklahoma Democrat
Glenn English stepped down from their House seats in the middle of their terms
for lucrative lobbying jobs.

Only 3 percent of the lawmakers who retired in the 1970's are currently on K
Street; in the 1990's, at least 22 percent of those leaving have become
lobbyists.

Even Robert Strauss, at 80 years old perhaps the most seasoned member of a
generation of Democratic superlawyers, is amazed at how fast the revolving door
spins. A former Democratic Party chairman and United States trade
representative, Mr. Strauss said in a recent interview that lawyers now often
went to work for the Government for a few years, not because they wanted a
career in public service, but because "they know that enables them to move on
out in a few years and become associated with a lobbying or law firm and their
services are in tremendous demand."

To be sure, the long hours and lean salaries of Congressional aides have always
led to turnover, but not this much, according to the Congressional Management
Foundation. In 1987, for example, most administrative assistants in the House,
the highest-ranking aides, had spent 5.5 years working in the Congress. In 1996,
the average tenure had dropped to 4 years, a study first reported by National
Journal said.

The length of tenure of senior Senate staffers has also dropped.

In a recent foundation survey, 58 percent of departing Congressional staffers
cited a desire to earn more money as their reason for leaving; it was the second
most frequent response given after a desire to pursue a different type of work.

The Million-Dollar Man
A Tax Analyst Joins the Fold

PricewaterhouseCoopers, the accounting firm that hired Mr. Kies to lobby on tax
issues for its clients, may have already recouped its investment.

Last spring and summer, Mr. Kies led a lobbying blitz for some of the biggest
names in corporate America, including the General Electric Company, to maintain
a lucrative tax break. The provision, which Mr. Kies's old committee estimated
would cost $1.8 billion in Federal revenue over 10 years, allowed United States
corporations to reduce taxes on their overseas operations. Mr. Kies headed a
team of 10 other PricewaterhouseCoopers analysts and lobbyists in a successful
effort to maintain the status quo.

When the Treasury Department announced its intention to kill the provision, Mr.
Kies swung into action, meeting many times with with top Treasury officials,
including Lawrence H. Summers, the Deputy Treasury Secretary. "We spent hours
and hours with Donald C. Lubick, the Assistant Secretary for Tax Policy," Mr.
Kies said in a recent interview. Mr. Kies dealt with both men at the Joint Tax
Committee, which evaluates the tax implications of legislation.

Mr. Kies pushed hard with a central argument: that the provision was not really
a loophole and would not result in a revenue loss from multinational companies
shifting more of their operations overseas. Using Rube Goldberg-like diagrams
that Mr. Kies likes to draw to illustrate complex tax issues, he carried the
day. In June, the Treasury Department decided not to make the change, at least
for the time being.

It also helped Mr. Kies that his old boss, the House Ways and Means Chairman
Bill Archer, and other influential Republican tax writers, weighed in on his
side. Federal lobbying laws prohibit Mr. Kies from lobbying Mr. Archer or his
old committee for one year after his departure, but they are not much of an
impediment.  Former officials circumvent the law simply by designing the
lobbying strategy and then letting their clients or colleagues do the direct
lobbying until their one-year cooling-off period is over.

Coming from the Joint Tax Committee, Mr. Kies had free rein to lobby at
Treasury, but on his team, which included lobbyists from other firms, was a
former Treasury Department official.

In an interview, Mr. Kies said that the old-fashioned stereotype of a
back-slapping lobbyist trading on friendships was outmoded. Much of his time is
spent crunching numbers and persuading Treasury officials and lawmakers that his
analysis is on target. Of course, his political connections count, too, but Mr.
Kies said of his old bosses, Mr. Archer and William V. Roth Jr., the Senate
Finance Chairman, "Archer and Roth generally do what they believe is right."

"They don't do things because someone who's a buddy of theirs comes to see
them," he said.

Ari Fleischer, an aide to Mr. Archer, had high praise for Mr. Kies.

"There are scores of top-notch lobbyists who have relationships but who don't
have the great knowledge to go beyond a handshake," Mr. Fleischer said. "Ken
Kies is an exception. He's a well-respected expert on tax law and he came to be
one of the Hill's most admired strategists."

As the top aide at the Joint Tax Committee, Mr. Kies supervised a staff of more
than 60. Almost every line of the sweeping tax bill passed last year was written
by Mr. Kies. A year earlier, he helped break a three-year stalemate on how to
make health coverage portable. Fortune Magazine named him "Mr. Tax" in a story
on Washington's most powerful bureaucrats.

Without confirming or denying his salary, Mr. Kies stressed that he would have
been making the same amount if he had stayed in the private sector instead of
spending several years on a government salary. At Baker & Hostetler, the
Cleveland-based law firm where he practiced tax law before 1994, he earned
$500,000.

"The whole world was bidding for him and he's worth far more than the great
salary he is making," said former Congressman and Ways and Means Committee
member Guy Vander Jagt, a Republican who worked with Mr. Kies when he was a
Congressional staffer earlier in his career and who later practiced law with him
at Baker & Hostetler. Mr. Vander Jagt tried to woo Mr. Kies back to the firm,
but failed because it could not compete with PricewaterhouseCoopers's
seven-figure offer.

Show Us the Money
Fat Paychecks For Everyone

It has been nearly 15 years since Michael K. Deaver, a former Reagan White House
aide turned lobbyist, sparked controversy when a Time Magazine cover story
showed him flaunting his multimillion-dollar accounts and pictured him riding in
a limousine. But earlier this year, Washingtonian Magazine, a glossy magazine
that caters to the city's professional elite, had no trouble rounding up many of
the city's 50 top lobbyists to pose for a group photo accompanying an article
titled, "Show Me the Money!" Though he was not in the picture, Mr. Deaver is
still a successful lobbyist at one of the city's premier public relations firms.

The nexus of lobbying and campaign fund-raising, which lawmakers and lobbyists
used to make efforts to conceal, has also never been more graphically displayed.
It is no coincidence that some of Washington's most successful lobbyists, such
as Mr. Barbour and Daniel A. Dutko, a close adviser to Vice President Al Gore,
are also leading fund-raisers for their respective parties.

Half of all political action committee contributions to Federal candidates and
parties flow from Washington, with many donors listing K Street corridor zip
codes. Two dozen lobbyists interviewed said they received hundreds of
fund-raising solicitations from Congressmen and their parties last year, some
shortly after a lobbying meeting with a particular lawmaker.

"You can almost count on getting some kind of fund-raising solicitation after
you've been to the Hill," said one lobbyist who insisted he not be named. "The
time in between has gotten shorter and shorter and it's gotten more and more
brazen."

When Mr. Andrews, the business lobbyist, recently signed up a trade association
of home equity lenders as a client, one of the first pieces of advice he gave
the association was to establish a political action committee. "Under the
current system, campaign giving and fund-raising are essential," he said. "When
it isn't done, it's noticed."

Corporate interests that finance the largest portion of Washington's lobbying
are fortifying their influence with record campaign contributions to Federal
lawmakers. Even as the House moved to ban the large contributions to political
parties that are known as soft money, the national parties scooped up $115
million in these big donations from business and other interests over the last
18 months. That is more than double the amount raised during a comparable period
in the last non-Presidential election cycle. Microsoft Corporation, which opened
a Washington government affairs office only three years ago but now has one of
the largest fleets of lobbyists -- more than a dozen people and firms --
recently signed on through one of its executives as a member of the Republican
Party's Team 100, its elite corps of $100,000 donors.

Labor unions, which are among the Democratic Party's biggest donors, also field
large teams of lobbyists. Labor money and lobbyists played an important role
late last year when the House defeated President Clinton's efforts to expand his
trade authority.

In the past two years, serious scandals have erupted involving lobbyists and
fund-raising, but few lobbyists have suffered serious consequences. James H.
Lake, a prominent Republican lobbyist, was convicted of making illegal corporate
campaign contributions as part of the Federal criminal investigation of Mike
Espy, the former Agriculture Secretary. After Mr. Lake left the firm where he
worked when the illicit contributions were made, he was offered a position as
managing director of the Washington office of Burson-Marsteller, a public
relations firm. Last January, Mr. Lake was fined $150,000, placed on probation
and ordered to write a paper on Federal election laws. Mr. Lake's monograph was
distributed to the 2,000 members of the American League of Lobbyists.

In April, Ms. Eppard, the transportation lobbyist, was indicted by a Federal
grand jury in Boston on charges of accepting improper payments from a lobbyist
and a businessman while she was on the House Transportation Committee chairman's
staff. She has denied wrongdoing and is still lobbying, having won provisions
for her clients in the sweeping highway bill passed this summer.

A Bipartisan Bazaar
Peddling on Both Sides of the Fence

"When I came to Washington, there was a small coterie of committee chairmen with
iron-clad seniority and tremendous power," recalled Charls E. Walker, a former
Treasury Department official during the Eisenhower administration who opened the
capital's first non-lawyer lobbying shop in 1973, called Charls Walker
Associates. "On a tax issue, if you had the agreement of the chairman of Ways
and Means, you could go out and play golf" for the rest of the day.

These days, Mr. Walker said, "you can't rest easy unless you've worked all the
members."

With new committee and subcommittee chairmen, and such a slender Republican
majority, there are many more bases for lobbyists to cover. The demand for
Democrats with ties to the Clinton-Gore administration and Republicans with
connections to G.O.P. lawmakers has produced a veritable bazaar of political
influence, with single companies and trade associations assembling all-star
bipartisan lobbying teams. On the bankruptcy bill, for example, the American
Financial Services Association showcased in its newsletter its "team of highly
experienced lobbyists and consultants," including two Republican firms, Barbour
Griffith & Rogers and Timmons & Co., as well as Democratic bench strength from
Verner, Liipfert, Bernard, McPherson and Hand, the law firm of former Treasury
Secretary Lloyd Bentsen, and President Clinton's polling firm, Penn & Schoen
Associates.

There have been many mergers of Democrats and Republicans in lobbying firms. In
recent weeks there has been speculation that two respected House members,
California Democrat Vic Fazio and New York Republican Bill Paxon, who are both
retiring from the House this year, will join forces and open a new lobbying
firm.

Parry, Romani & DeConcini, a firm that specializes in health and pharmaceutical
lobbying, was long known for its connections to Orrin G. Hatch, the Republican
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman, and Dennis DeConcini, a former Democratic
Senator from Arizona who joined the firm when he left the Senate in 1995.

Jack Valenti, president of the Motion Picture Association of America and a
political veteran who was a top aide to President Lyndon Johnson, has been
Hollywood's man in Washington for the last 32 years. He said he was nostalgic
for the days when he employed a single lobbying firm, Akin, Gump, which is now
one of seven firms that the film association keeps on retainer.

Mr. Valenti is himself a celebrated Washington insider who earns more than $1
million. Although he enjoys easy access to most lawmakers, he said he needed so
many other lobbyists because the film association had an ever-broadening agenda
of foreign and domestic issues before a host of committees and agencies, from
the House Judiciary Committee to the Office of the United States Trade
Representative.

"I don't need any lobbyists for access or entree," Mr. Valenti said. "I need
troops in the field."

Akin, Gump is still on Mr. Valenti's payroll, according to Congressional
lobbying files. Another mainly Democratic firm, Verner, Liipfert, lobbies on
Hollywood's trade and telecommunications issues. Still another Democrat in Mr.
Valenti's lobbying arsenal is Mr. Podesta, whose brother, John, was once his
lobbying partner and is now the President's top damage-control adviser on the
Lewinsky imbroglio. Anthony Podesta lobbies on ratings issues for the television
subsidiaries of the movie studios, according to the records. The film
association has also hired Mr. DeConcini's firm and the firm of former
Democratic Representative Marty Russo.

Mr. Valenti has also beefed up his Republican lobbying retinue, hiring
Republicans like Mr. Vander Jagt, who said his services were in much greater
demand after the Republicans won control of the House in 1994.

Field Draws Many
The Experienced And the New Too

In an interview, Mr. Vander Jagt joked that his first years as a lobbyist after
he retired in 1992 were so slow that, "I would have represented Al Capone or
Fidel Castro." That all changed after the election in November 1994.

Mr. Vander Jagt can offer the motion picture industry and other clients a feel
for what the Republican leadership is thinking because he continues to reap the
perks of being a former Congressman, attending weekly meetings of several groups
that are open only to current and former Republican lawmakers. "It's a
lobbyist's dream to be sitting there with the committee chairmen and to find out
what's going on," said Mr. Vander Jagt, who lobbies on tax and other issues.
"You have all the benefits of your former life and none of the hardships," he
adds.

Children, wives and even siblings of lawmakers have hung out lobbying shingles.
There is Linda Hall Daschle, the wife of the Democratic Senate leader, and a
former top official at Federal Aviation Administration, who lobbies on aviation
issues. Randy DeLay, the brother of House Whip Tom Delay, also has
transportation clients. (An ethics complaint against Representative DeLay that
was sparked by his brother's lobbying activities was dismissed last year by the
House Ethics Committee).

The son of former Louisiana Senator J. Bennett Johnston is one of the city's
most successful lobbyists. Mr. Johnston, former chairman of the Senate energy
committee, joined his son in the business after he retired in 1996, and so did
one of the former Senator's top aides. Their client roster brims with energy
interests and they also lobby for clients on trade issues involving China.

Former Senator Bob Packwood, a former chairman of the Senate Finance Committee,
left office after the Ethics Committee decided he should be expelled because
sexual misconduct and allegations that he had given legislative favors to a
lobbyist. During the first half of this year, Mr. Packwood's firm, Sunrise
Research Corporation, took in $440,000 lobbying on tax and trade issues for
blue-chip clients such as Northwest Airlines and Marriott International.

But even the young and inexperienced are entering the field of lobbying.
Lobbying has become an academic field, with American University offering a
popular course on it.

Andrew Lacy, 23, for example, is an alumnus of a two-week intensive lobbying
program at American. From his perch on K Street at Marlowe & Company, he
enthusiastically sets up client meetings on Capitol Hill and attends
fund-raisers for lawmakers.

"It's fun to meet a Senator or a Congressman and make your pitch," said Mr.
Lacy, who is earning $25,000 as a beginner.

Mr. Lacy, who grew up on Maryland's Eastern Shore in a rural farm area where his
father is in the agriculture business and his mother is a public school teacher,
said he hopes to keep his lobbying job while he takes evening law classes.

James Thurber, a professor who runs a lobbying institute at American, gets
well-known lobbyists like Mr. Boggs to teach the trade to fledgling lobbyists
like Mr. Lacy. Professor Thurber's students are required to develop a lobbying
plan and to make their pitch to a panel of mock lawmakers. "We want them to feel
the pressure of what it's like to be on a lobbying campaign," Professor Thurber
said.

Mr. Lacy was persuasive in his lobbying assignment to discourage the mock
lawmakers from restricting a computer practice known as "spamming," where
businesses send unsolicited E-mail to consumers. He got an A and a job offer
from one of the graders, lobbyist Howard Marlowe.

Mr. Marlowe's clients include property owners and localities trying to win
financing for beach conservation, a cause that Mr. Lacy said he is comfortable
embracing. He said some of his friends were working for tobacco companies,
something he said he understood but would not do. "They are making ends meet,"
Mr. Lacy said. "They are learning the system. They are getting a foot in the
door of the business."

The Right Connections
Gore or Gingrich: Gucci Gulch Ties

Thomas K. Downey, a New York Democrat, came to Washington in 1974 as the
youngest of the Watergate Babies, the Young Turks who were elected to clean up
Washington the year of President Nixon's resignation.

No longer a young reformer, Mr. Downey, who lost his seat in 1992, heads a
lobbying firm, Downey & Chandler, that earned more than $2 million last year
from clients like the Boeing Company, Microsoft and Time Warner Inc.

The former New York Congressman is also the most important member of Vice
President Al Gore's kitchen cabinet of advisers. All of the members of this
informal advisory group are expected to play pivotal roles in his Presidential
campaign in 2000 and many are charter members of the K Street elite. The group
includes top Democratic fund-raisers like Mr. Knight and Mr. Dutko and two
former domestic policy advisers to Mr. Gore, Roy Neel and Greg Simon, who both
lobby for telecommunications interests. Another member is Jack Quinn, the former
White House counsel who was also Mr. Gore's chief of staff. Mr. Quinn was a lead
lobbyist for a coalition of computer companies that pressed for a new
administration policy, announced earlier this month by Mr. Gore, that loosened
regulations on the export of sensitive software and hardware that shields
information from public scrutiny.

In an interview, Mr. Downey said he kept his lobbying separate from his
friendship with Mr. Gore, with whom he frequently socialized. (Mr. Gore tore a
muscle while playing basketball with Mr. Downey in the House gym).

And far from feeling like he has sold out his old principles, Mr. Downey said,
"I do more interesting things now than I did as a member of Congress." One thing
that is different is how he lives. When he served in Congress, his family had a
cramped Capitol Hill town house. They now live in a large home near the National
Cathedral, a house with a hand-painted dining room mural, that, he joked, "looks
like one of my fund-raisers should be living in it."

Mr. Gore's coziness with lobbyists is hardly unusual. The Federal Election
Commission has been investigating whether the House majority whip John A.
Boehner's weekly tete-a-tetes with business lobbyists involved unlawful
coordination of their political activities, allegations that Mr. Boehner has
denied.

Former Representative Vin Weber is among the most successful of a new crop of
Republican lobbyists. Working as a tag team of political influence, Mr. Weber
often pairs up with Mr. Downey for clients, including Microsoft. He works out of
the gleaming offices of Clark & Wienstock, a Wall Street consulting firm that
did not have a Washington outpost until Mr. Weber opened one in 1994, after he
retired from Congress.

As one of Mr. Gingrich's best friends in the House, the Minnesota Republican was
in immediate demand. "People were looking for G.O.P. consultants and lobbyists
all over the place," Mr. Weber said in an interview. Mr. Weber now heads an
eight-man office that reported lobbying revenues of $2.2 million in 1997.

Like Mr. Downey, Mr. Weber is still an inside player, jetting off earlier this
year to join Mr. Gingrich at a Republican event in Palm Springs, Calif. And he,
too, finds his new profession more rewarding in many ways. "With no disrespect
to Congress," Mr. Weber said, "not everything you do as a Congressman is very
exciting."

Mr. Weber and Mr. Downey also have the luxury of turning down clients. Both men
refused to work for the tobacco industry and Mr. Weber said he would not be
comfortable registering as an agent for a foreign client.

Another former Republican lawmaker in demand is Bob Dole, the Republican
Presidential candidate in 1996. He is now "of counsel" at the Washington-based
law firm of Verner, Liipfert, where he said he does not lobby but provides
strategic advice to clients.

But his former political prominence still lands him national platforms, such as
an appearance on David Letterman's talk show earlier this summer. There, between
jokes, he took a moment to criticize President Clinton for his stance toward
Taiwan. He did not disclose that his firm represents Taiwan, a relationship that
required him to register as a foreign agent. Asked if he should have, Mr. Dole
said that he had been a supporter of Taiwan for years before he joined Verner,
Liipfert.

Mr. Dole's firm, loaded with political superstars such as George J. Mitchell,
the former Senate majority leader, and Ann W. Richards, the former Texas
Governor, earned $19 million in lobbying fees last year, the most reported by
any firm. Its partners also have contributed generously to Federal candidates
and the political parties.

Senator John McCain, whose anti-tobacco and campaign finance overhaul bills were
defeated amid a hailstorm of lobbying, said Washington would be dominated by
moneyed interests as long as lobbyists remained at the hub of campaign
fund-raising.

"The lobbyists give out the soft money," said the Arizona Republican, whose
campaign finance bill would ban soft money contributions. "If you take away the
soft money, you do really reduce the influence of these people."

Consumer activist Ralph Nader, who has watched the growth of corporate influence
in the capital for the last 30 years, agreed, but said Senator McCain did not go
far enough. Mr. Nader advocates public funding of Federal elections as well as
new mechanisms for building genuine citizens' lobbies.

"Trying to reform lobbying is like trying to stop a leak," he said. "You block
the water here, and it just goes around the corner."

The Influence Industry

TODAY -- The ring of law and lobbying concerns that circle the White House are
having a banner year.

WEDNESDAY -- Lobbyists are adopting the techniques used in political campaigns.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: THE INFLUENCE INDUSTRY: First of two articles

GRAPHIC: Photos: Kenneth J. Kies traded a Congressional staff job for a
million-dollar lobbyist position with PricewaterhouseCoopers. (Justin Lane for
The New York Times); With a Democrat in the White House and Republicans leading
Congress, the influence industry has exploded in recent years. Lobbyists often
talk to lawmakers in the hallways outside the House Ways and Means Committee
room, known as Gucci Gulch. (Paul Hosefros/The New York Times)(pg. A23)

Chart: "Second Careers on Capitol Hill"
A review of the 1998 edition of Washington Representatives, a directory of
lobbyists, and of Congressional records, found 128 former members of Congress
listed as lobbyists. This is less than 1 percent of the 17,000 lobbyists listed
in the directory. Three percent of those who retired or who were defeated during
the 70's are listed as lobbyists; 12 percent of those who left during the 80's
as well as 22 percent of those who have left in the 90's are also listed.
Overall, 12 percent of the Senators and Representatives who left Congress since
1970 are listed.

MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE
Republicans
REPRESENTATIVE -- STATE -- SERVED -- FIRM
John B. Anderson -- Ill. -- 1961-81 -- Pres., World Federalist Assn.
Ed Bethune -- Ark. -- 1979-85 -- Ed Bethune & Associates
Beau Boulter -- Tex. -- 1985-89
Donald G. Brotzman -- Colo.-- 1963-65, 1967-75 -- Of counsel, Hopkins & Sutter
John H. Buchanan Jr. -- Ala. -- 1965-81 -- Principal, Podesta Associates
Carroll A. Campbell Jr. -- S.C. -- 1979-87 -- Pres. and C.E.O., American Council
of Life Insurance
William Carney -- N.Y. -- 1979-87 -- Pres., Bill Carney & Co.
Rod Chandler -- Wash. -- 1983-93 -- Pres., Downey Chandler Inc.
Thomas J. Corcoran -- Ill. -- 1977-85 -- Partner, O'Connor & Hannan
R. Lawrence Coughlin -- Pa. -- 1969-93 -- Senior counsel, Eckert Seamans Cherin
& Mellott
James K. Coyne -- Pa. -- 1981-83 -- Pres., National Air Transportation
Association
Robert W. Davis -- Mich. -- 1979-93 -- Pres., Bob Davis & Associates
Edward J. Derwinski -- Ill. -- 1959-83 -- Owner, Derwinski & Associates
William L. Dickinson -- Ala. -- 1965-93 -- Senior partner, The Dickinson Group
Pete Du Pont -- Del. -- 1971-77 -- Policy chairman, National Center for Policy
Analysis
Jack Edwards -- Ala. -- 1965-85 -- Associate, Ervin Technical Associates Inc.
Thomas B. Evans Jr. -- Del. -- 1977-83 -- Pres., The Evans Group
Jack M. Fields Jr. -- Tex. -- 1981-97 -- Pres. and C.E.O., Twenty-First Century
Group
Paul Findley -- Ill. -- 1961-83 -- Chairman, Council for the National Interest
Bill Frenzel -- Minn. -- 1971-91 -- Pres., Ripon Society
Louis Frey Jr. -- Fla. -- 1969-79 -- Pres., U.S. Assoc. of Former Members of
Congress
Dan Frisa -- N.Y. -- 1995-97 -- Partner, Federal Associates
Willis D. Gradison -- Ohio -- 1975-93 -- Pres., Health Insurance Association of
America
Fred Grandy -- Iowa -- 1987-95 -- Pres. and C.E.O., Goodwill Industries
International
Kent R. Hance -- Tex. -- 1979-85 -- Partner, Hance, Scarborough, Woodward &
Weisbart
Robert P. Hanrahan -- Ill. -- 1973-75 -- Pres., R.P.H. & Associates
Frank Horton -- N.Y. -- 1963-93 -- Of counsel, Venable, Baetjer, Howard &
Civiletti
Hastings Keith -- Mass. -- 1959-73 -- Co-chairman, National Committee on Public
Employee Pension Systems
Greg Laughlin -- Tex. -- 1989-97 -- Of counsel, Patton Boggs
Norman F. Lent -- N.Y. -- 1971-93 -- Senior partner, Lent & Scrivner
Thomas G. Loeffler -- Tex. -- 1979-87 -- Partner, Arter & Hadden
William D. Lowery -- Calif. -- 1981-93 -- Partner, Copeland, Lowery & Jacquez
Jack H. McDonald -- Mich. -- 1967-73
Raymond J. McGrath -- N.Y. -- 1981-93 -- Pres., Beer Institute
J. Alex McMillan -- N.C. -- 1985-95 -- Consulting executive, The McMillan Group
Robert H. Michel -- Ill. -- 1957-95 -- Sr. adviser, Corp. and Gov't Affairs,
Hogan & Hartson
W. Henson Moore -- La. -- 1975-87 -- Pres. and C.E.O., American Forest and Paper
Assn.
Stanford E. Parris -- Va. -- 1973-75, 1981-91 -- Of counsel, Dickstein Shapiro
Morin & Oshinsky
John J. Rhodes 3d -- Ariz. -- 1987-93 -- Hunton & Williams
Matthew J. Rinaldo -- N.J. -- 1973-93
Don Ritter -- Pa. -- 1979-93 -- Chairman, National Environmental Policy
Institute
Toby Roth -- Wis. -- 1979-97 -- President, The Roth Group
James D. Santini -- Nev. -- 1975-83 -- Santini, Chartered
Mark D. Siljander -- Mich. -- 1981-87 -- Associate, Advantage Associates
Guy Vander Jagt -- Mich. -- 1966-93 -- Of counsel, Baker & Hostetler
Robert S. Walker -- Pa. -- 1977-97 -- Pres., The Wexler Group
Vin Weber -- Minn. -- 1981-93 -- Partner, Clark & Weinstock
Robert Whittaker -- Kan. -- 1979-91 -- Senior legislative adviser,
Fleishman-Hillard Inc.
George C. Wortley -- N.Y. -- 1981-89 -- Exec. vice pres., Dierman, Wortley and
Zola
Bill Zeliff -- N.H. -- 1991-97 -- Associate, Advantage Associates
Roger H. Zion -- Ind. -- 1967-75 -- Pres., Resources Development Inc.

MEMBERS OF THE SENATE
Republicans
SENATOR -- STATE -- SERVED -- FIRM
Mark Andrews -- N.D. -- 1981-87 -- Chairman, Andrews Associates Inc. (also
served in House, 1963-81)
Howard H. Baker Jr. -- Tenn. -- 1967-85 -- Shareholder, Baker, Donelson, Bearman
& Caldwell
John C. Danforth -- Mo. -- 1976-95 -- Partner, Bryan Cave
David Durenberger -- Minn. -- 1978-95 -- Vice pres., Public Policy Partners
d.b.a.
Durenberger/Foote
Paul Laxalt -- Nev. -- 1974-87 -- Pres., The Paul Laxalt Group
James A. McClure -- Idaho -- 1973-91 -- Principal, McClure, Gerard &
Neuenschwander Inc. (House, 1967-73)
Bob Packwood -- Ore. -- 1969-95 -- Sunrise Research Corp.
Larry Pressler -- S.D. -- 1979-97 -- Pressler & Asssociates (House, 1975-79)
Warren B. Rudman -- N.H. -- 1981-93 -- Partner, Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton &
Garrison
Steven D. Symms -- Idaho -- 1981-93 -- Pres., Symms, Lehn & Associates Inc.
Malcolm Wallop -- Wyo. -- 1977-95 -- Chairman, Frontiers of Freedom Institute

MEMBERS OF THE SENATE
Democrats
SENATOR -- STATE -- SERVED -- FIRM
Birch Bayh -- Ind. -- 1963-81 -- Partner, Oppenheimer Wolff Donnelly & Bayh
John C. Culver -- Iowa -- 1975-81 -- Partner, Arent Fox Kintner Plotkin & Kahn
(also served in House, 1965-75)
Dennis DeConcini -- Ariz. -- 1977-95 -- Partner, Parry, Romani & DeConcini
Alan J. Dixon -- Ill. -- 1981-93 -- Partner, Bryan Cave
Walter D. Huddleston -- Ky. -- 1973-85 -- Consultant, Hecht, Spencer &
Associates
J. Bennett Johnston -- La. -- 1972-97 -- Johnston & Associates
Russell B. Long -- La. -- 1948-87 -- Partner, Long Law Firm
Howard M. Metzenbaum -- Ohio -- 1977-95 -- Chairman, Consumer Federation of
America
George J. Mitchell -- Me. -- 1980-95 -- Special counsel, Verner, Liipfert,
Bernhard, McPherson and Hand
Donald W. Riegle Jr. -- Mich. -- 1977-95 -- Deputy chairman, Shandwick
International, Shandwick Public Affairs (House, 1967-76)
Joseph D. Tydings -- Md. -- 1965-71 -- Partner, Dickstein Shapiro Morin &
Oshinsky

MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE
Democrats
REPRESENTATIVE -- STATE -- SERVED -- FIRM
Michael A. Andrews -- Tex. -- 1983-95 -- Partner, Vinson & Elkins
Beryl F. Anthony Jr. -- Ark. -- 1979-93 -- Partner and director, legislative and
regulatory practice, Winston & Strawn
James Bacchus -- Fla. -- 1991-95 -- Shareholder, Greenberg, Traurig, Hoffman,
Lipoff, Rosen & Quentel
Michael D. Barnes -- Md. -- 1979-87 -- Partner, Hogan & Hartson
James H. Bilbray -- Nev. -- 1987-95 -- Partner, Alcalde & Fay
Lucien E. Blackwell -- Pa. -- 1991-95 -- Whitten & Diamond
James J. Blanchard -- Mich. -- 1975-83 -- Member of firm, Verner, Liipfert,
Bernhard, McPherson and Hand
Bill Brewster -- Okla. -- 1991-97 -- Vice pres., R. Duffy Wall and Associates
Terry L. Bruce -- Ill. -- 1985-93 -- Senior legislative advisor,
Fleishman-Hillard Inc.
Jim Chapman -- Tex. -- 1985-97 -- Partner, Arter & Hadden
Ronald D. Coleman -- Tex. -- 1983-97 -- Senior vice pres., Advantage Associates
Thomas J. Downey -- N.Y. -- 1975-93 -- Chairman, Downey Chandler Inc.
Dennis E. Eckart -- Ohio -- 1981-93 -- Senior partner, Arter & Hadden
Glenn English -- Okla. -- 1975-94 -- C.E.O., National Rural Electric Cooperative
Association
Billy Lee Evans -- Ga. -- 1977-83 -- Senior legislative adviser,
Fleishman-Hillard, Inc.
Dave Evans -- Ind. -- 1975-83 -- President, Dave Evans Associates
Dante B. Fascell -- Fla. -- 1955-93 -- Holland & Knight
Don Fuqua -- Fla. -- 1963-87 -- Pres., Aerospace Industries Association of
America
Robert Garcia -- N.Y. -- 1978-90 -- Washington rep., Robert Garcia and
Associates
Sam M. Gibbons -- Fla. -- 1963-97 -- Chairman, Gibbons & Company
Herbert E. Harris 2d -- Va. -- 1978-81 -- Partner, Harris Ellsworth & Levin
Peter J. Hoagland -- Neb. -- 1989-95 -- Partner, Arent Fox Kintner Plotkin &
Kahn
Ed Jenkins -- Ga. -- 1977-93 -- Vice pres., Winburn & Jenkins Inc.
Ray Kogovsek -- Colo. -- 1979-85 -- Pres., Kogovsek & Associates
Michael J. Kopetski -- Ore. -- 1991-95 -- Public affairs consultant, Downey
Chandler Inc.
Peter H. Kostmayer -- Pa. -- 1977-81, 1983-93 -- Exec. director, Zero Population
Growth Inc.
Peter N. Kyros -- Me. -- 1967-75 -- Pres., Kyros & Cummins Associates
Larry LaRocco -- Idaho -- 1991-95 -- Managing director, A.B.A. Securities
Association, American Bankers Association
Marvin Leath -- Tex.  -- 1979-91 -- Partner, Marvin Leath Associates
Richard H. Lehman -- Calif. -- 1983-95 -- Pres., Sacramento-Potomac Consulting
Inc.
Meldon E. Levine -- Calif. -- 1983-93 -- Partner, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher
Elliott H. Levitas -- Ga. -- 1975-85 -- Partner, Kilpatrick Stockton
M. Dawson Mathis -- Ga. -- 1971-81 -- Dawson Mathis & Associates
Frank McCloskey -- Ind. -- 1983-95 -- Partner, Barnes & Thornburg
Dave McCurdy -- Okla. -- 1981-95 -- Chairman, The McCurdy Group
Lloyd Meeds -- Wash. -- 1965-79 -- Of counsel, Preston Gates Ellis & Rouvelas
Meeds
Daniel A. Mica -- Fla. -- 1979-89 -- Pres. and C.E.O., Credit Union National
Association
Anthony T. Moffett Jr. -- Conn. -- 1975-83 -- Vice Pres., International
Government Affairs, Monsanto
G. V. Montgomery -- Miss. -- 1967-97 -- The Montgomery Group
Jim Moody -- Wis. -- 1983-93 -- Pres. and C.E.O., Interaction
Bill Orton -- Utah -- 1991-97 -- Jones, Waldo, Holbrook & McDonough
Paul G. Rogers -- Fla. -- 1955-79 -- Partner, Hogan & Hartson
Fred B. Rooney -- Pa. -- 1963-79 -- Senior consultant, Cassidy & Associates,
Inc.
Charles Rose -- N.C. -- 1973-97 -- Rose & Hefner Consulting
Marty A. RussoIll. -- 1975-93 -- Vice Chairman, Director and C.E.O., Cassidy &
Associates
Patricia Schroeder -- Colo. -- 1973-97 -- Pres., American Association of
Publishers
Gerry E. Sikorski -- Minn. -- 1983-93 -- Partner, Holland & Knight
Jim Slattery -- Kan. -- 1983-95 -- Partner, Wiley, Rein & Fielding
Stephen J. Solarz -- N.Y. -- 1975-93 -- Senior counselor, Apco Associates
James V. Stanton -- Ohio -- 1971-77 -- Principal, Stanton & Associates
Al Swift -- Wash. -- 1979-95 -- Partner, Colling, Swift & Hynes
James W. Symington -- Mo. -- 1969-77 -- Partner, O'Connor & Hannan
Charles A. Vanik -- Ohio -- 1955-81 -- Of counsel, Squire, Sanders & Dempsey
Charles Wilson -- Tex. -- 1973-97 -- Principal, Hooper Hooper Owen & Gould
Leo C. Zeferetti -- N.Y. -- 1975-83 -- Self-employed consultant; Legis. Dir. of
A.F.L.-C.I.O. Building and Construction Trades Dept.
(pg. A22)

TYPE: Series

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              793 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 23, 1983, Monday, Late City Final Edition

RAILROADS URGE HIGHER TRUCK TAXES

BYLINE: By ERNEST HOLSENDOLPH, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 874 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 22


The railroad industry has begun a campaign to prod several states into raising
their taxes on heavy trucks, an increase that would be added to the higher
Federal taxes approved by Congress in January.

The lobbying effort is focused now on the legislatures of two states, California
and Illinois, but officials at the Association of American Railroads, which is
based here, said that it would be extended to other states where taxes on trucks
appeared to be low.  These include New York, North Carolina and South Carolina.

''States are running short of money, and their roads are falling apart,''
asserted Richard Briggs, a spokesman for the railroad association. ''They are
looking for new sources of money, and following the Federal example of raising
truck taxes - and we are willing to help them find the money.''

Price Advantage Cited

The railroad industry's lobbying effort stems from its concern that truckers
have a price advantage in shipping freight. To help close this peceived gap, the
railroads backed last January's Federal tax increase and are pushing now for
about $2 billion annually in state tax increases.

''It is a serious competitive problem for us,'' said Frank Wilner, an economist
with the railroad association. ''We estimate that 70 percent of rail revenues
are potentially divertible to truck operators.''

While some railroad officials insist that their association goes only where it
is invited as a source of information, Lee Lane, who heads an association group
that has been studying truck and railroad shipping rates, said his group was
keeping its eye on certain state legislatures that seem receptive to higher
truck taxes.

''California is especially ripe because taxes are so low, and there appears to
be some readiness to act,'' Mr. Lane said. ''But states like South Carolina and
North Carolina may also be prepared to act.''

Backing for Citizen-Groups

Just in case they are not, groups such as the North Carolina Road Savers
Council, South Carolinians for Better Highways and Californians for Fair Highway
Taxation have popped up to carry the argument to the state legislators. These
groups draw their financial support from a variety of sources, among them
environmentalists as well as the railroads.

The Federal increases approved by Congress in January, which become effective
July 1, 1984, raise the licensing fees for the typical tractor-trailer from the
current $1,746 a year to $3,973. In addition, a special use tax for the biggest
rigs will rise from $210 a year now to $1,520.

The new fees are expected to raise an estimated $1.7 billion annually in
additional revenue. At the same time, the law also authorized the use of heavier
trucks on the nation's highways and other productivity improvements that the
Government estimates will increase truckers' income by $4.9 billion annually.

'Fair-Share' Issue

But even with the Federal increase, Mr. Lane contends, truckers will still be
paying less than their fair share of the cost of road maintenance.

''It is a very rough estimate, but we believe the trucking industry owes an
additional $2 billion annually in state road taxes,'' Mr.  Lane said without
breaking down how much of an increase it is seeking in California, Illinois and
other states. The numerous state taxes, frequently based on weight-and-mileage
formulas, range now from about 4 cents up to 8 cents a mile for each truck
registered to operate in a state.

The trucking industry, which has long contended that it pays its fair share of
road taxes, counters that the real motive behind the railroads' campaign is to
force trucking rates up - so that the railroads can then increase their own
shipping rates.

John Reith, a spokesman for the American Trucking Associations here, says
truckers regard the weight-distance tax as unfair because truckers must pay even
for driving an empty or partly loaded truck in a state. The formula is based on
the weight of a fully-loaded vehicle.

Tax Seen as Inefficient

''Not only is the ton-mile tax unfair, but it isn't efficient either,'' Mr.
Reith said. ''It depends upon reporting mileage by the trucking companies, and
while the big companies may keep comprehensive records, the owner-operators may
not.''

Railroad officials say they have convinced many state legislators that they are
a reliable source of information on road maintenance costs and allocation of
those costs. ''Without sounding immodest, we probably have the best
cost-allocation studies around when it comes to figuring out the fair share of
truckers for the maintenance and repair of the highways,'' said Mr. Briggs of
the railroad association. ''When states get ready to work on highway taxes, they
often invite us in, and we are ready to help.''

But Joel Anderson, a spokesman for the California Truckers Association, argues
that the cost studies cited by the railroaders are less reliable than they seem
because the studies center on interstate highways and other Federal primary
roads where trucks abound. ''But the study is then stretched to cover the costs
of state roads and even some city roads, where there are few trucks, and
truckers are said to owe a share of the cost of keeping up those roads too,''
Mr. Anderson said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              794 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                           January 24, 2013 Thursday

San Rafael to pay more than $20,000 for lobbying services

BYLINE: Marin Independent Journal

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 187 words


SAN RAFAEL

San Rafael will pay $20,492 over the next two years for legislative advocacy
services through the Sacramento-based Emanuels Jones and Associates lobbying
firm per unanimous approval Tuesday by the City Council, with Mayor Gary
Phillips absent.

The lobbying firm has represented Marin's 11 cities and towns since 1998 and
deals with San Rafael as the primary fiscal agent for all the other communities.
The firm's new two-year contract will cost the county a total of $73,200.

Under the contract, Belvedere will pay $1,800, Corte Madera will pay $3,978,
Fairfax will pay $2,454, Larkspur will pay $4,892, Mill Valley will pay $6,352,
Novato will pay $17,852, Ross will pay $1,744, San Anselmo will pay $4,610,
Sausalito will pay $3,742 and Tiburon will pay $5,284 toward the contract.

Send us your news: We want more news items from Marin's cities and towns. Email
them to our City Desk at localnews@marinij.com, mail them to City Desk, Marin
Independent Journal, 4000 Civic Center Drive, San Rafael, CA 94903, or fax them
to 415-382-7209. For more information about towns in Marin, visit the IJ's
website at marinij.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2013 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 7, 2010 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

McMahon wrestles with her ties to lobbyists

BYLINE: Dan Eggen;Dan Eggen

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A25

LENGTH: 882 words


When Senate hopeful Linda McMahon was asked about her company's lobbying
activities earlier this year, the co-founder of World Wrestling Entertainment
was adamant.

"I have not spent lobbying dollars in Washington," the Republican candidate told
a tea party gathering.

But the claim - caught on a videotape that surfaced last week - has come back to
haunt McMahon, who is running against Democratic state attorney general Richard
Blumenthal for Connecticut's open U.S. Senate seat.

Federal disclosure records show that WWE (formerly known as the World Wrestling
Federation) has spent more than $1.1 million on federal lobbying efforts since
1999, not to mention hundreds of thousands more to lobby state legislatures
around the country. The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee immediately
went on the attack, releasing an ad labeling McMahon a "bad CEO" who put
lobbyists ahead of the public.

In this year's contentious midterm election campaigns, lobbying has become a
very dirty word.

From California to Indiana to Florida, candidates are seizing on ties between
their opponents and the lobbying profession as an alleged sign of loyalty to
special interests. Campaign contributions from K Street lobbyists have also
flared as an issue in many campaigns, including the widely watched contest
between tea party favorite Sharron Angle (R) and Senate Majority Leader Harry M.
Reid (D-Nev.).

Although the lobbying industry has never been beloved by the public, its image
has declined dramatically over the past decade even as its influence continued
to expand. The Jack Abramoff scandal was arguably a turning point, sending
politicians to jail and saddling the industry with the stench of criminality.

President Obama and his opponent, Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), also made a point
of attacking the influence of lobbyists during the 2008 presidential campaign, a
theme Obama has continued during his time in the White House.

"Lobbyists are in a very distinct profession; they sell influence," said Sheila
Krumholz, executive director of the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics,
which tracks money in politics. "That always gets people's attention, especially
in the current political climate."

Former U.S. senator Dan Coats (R-Ind.), who is attempting to return to the
Senate, has sought to fend off Democratic attacks over his previous career as a
Washington lobbyist. House Minority Leader John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) also has
come under a volley of Democratic attacks for his close relationship to the
business lobby. In California, Sen. Barbara Boxer (D) and GOP challenger Carly
Fiorina have traded accusations of ties to the influence industry.

And in Nevada, Angle has repeatedly attacked Reid for ranking as the top
recipient of K Street contributions, estimated by CRP at $1 million since 2005.
Democrats, in turn, criticize Angle for attending her own lobbyist-sponsored
fundraisers, including one held Tuesday in Georgetown.

The lobbying issue has become a key line of attack in Connecticut by the
Blumenthal campaign, which is struggling with its own controversy over the
Democrat's inaccurate statements suggesting he had served in Vietnam. McMahon,
who stepped down as CEO of her wrestling company to run for Senate, has vowed to
spend up to $50 million of her own money in the race to replace retiring Sen.
Chris Dodd (D).

McMahon's lobbying comments came during a tea party event in Waterbury, Conn.
last April, when an audience member asked her about WWE's support of "special
interests" in Washington.

McMahon acknowledged making campaign contributions to both parties but
categorically ruled out giving money to K Street. "In terms of lobbying dollars
in Washington, I have not spent lobbying dollars in Washington," she said.

The problem for McMahon is that federal disclosure records clearly show that WWE
and its predecessor, the World Wrestling Federation, have been regular lobbying
clients in Washington for more than a decade. Issues of interest to WWE
lobbyists have included proposed restrictions on steroid use in sports;
increased federal regulation of adult-oriented entertainment; and a decision by
the Army to pull its recruitment advertising from WWE programming, which had
come under attack from conservative groups for recurrent themes of sex and
violence.

The company also paid more than $300,000 to K&L Gates, a lobbying and law firm,
to represent WWE during a House investigation into the use of
performance-enhancing drugs in professional wrestling, records show.

McMahon issued a statement earlier this week apologizing for her "honest
mistake" in claiming WWE had not hired Washington lobbyists. She acknowledged
that the company had "utilized government relations firms to assist on several
issues," including a wrestling-themed "Smackdown Your Vote" voter registration
effort.

"This unfortunate mistake on my part was not my first, and I am certain it will
not be my last," McMahon said in the statement. "But it's important to me that I
set the record straight."

Blumenthal adviser Ty Matsdorf said the lobbying remarks were part of an effort
by McMahon to fool voters. "She's trying to convince the people of Connecticut
that she's something different," he said. "But she's spent more than a million
dollars lobbying to protect her interests."

eggend@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              796 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Missouri Lawyers Weekly

                               December 25, 2006

Missouri lobbying subsidiary Bryan Cave recruits Democratic lobbyist

BYLINE: Heather Cole

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 484  words


Less than a month after losing all its Democratic lobbyists to a new enterprise,
Bryan Cave Strategies is starting to restock by raiding Armstrong Teasdale.

Health-care lobbyist William Applegate is only an elevator ride away from what
will be his new office when he starts as senior vice president for Bryan Cave
Strategies, the lobbying subsidiary owned by Bryan Cave. Applegate will be based
out of Bryan Cave's St. Louis office, which is housed in the Metropolitan Square
Building in downtown St. Louis, a few stories up from Armstrong Teasdale, where
Applegate has been director of government relations since 2004.

Joining Bryan Cave Strategies with Applegate is Christopher Rorick, who will be
director of public relations for Bryan Cave Strategies. Rorick, a former aide to
the Colorado Republican Party who has been deputy director of government
relations for Armstrong Teasdale, will be based out of Washington, D.C.
Applegate, who moved to St. Louis for family reasons shortly before joining
Armstrong Teasdale, will travel to the nation's capital about two days a week.

The recruitment of Applegate follows the exit in late November of Steve
Elmendorf, who had been president of Bryan Cave Strategies, to start his own
lobbying venture. Elmendorf, former top aide to then-Democratic Rep. Richard
"Dick" Gephardt, brought with him Bryan Cave Strategies only two other
Democratic lobbyists.

"Democratic lobbyists are a hot commodity," after the change in control of
Congress, Applegate said. Still, lobbyists have to take a bi-partisan approach,
he said. "There's no silver bullet. "

Applegate's Democratic credentials include experience as a political aide to the
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee. He has 16 years Capitol Hill and
government relations health-care advocacy experience. Applegate, who includes
among his clients the American Society of Transplantation and the American
Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons, made the lateral switch to Bryan
Cave for its "broader tentacles. " The 750-lawyer Bryan Cave has 15 national and
international offices; Armstrong Teasdale has seven offices and about 232
attorneys.

"Of all the firms in the St. Louis area, or in the Midwest, Bryan Cave was
putting a lot of resources behind a Washington office," Applegate said.

One good indicator of a firm's commitment to public policy is its political
action committee, Applegate said. Bryan Cave Strategies has raised a fair amount
of money, he said.

According to Federal Election Commission records, Bryan Cave LLP Political
Action Committee raised $272,000 in the 2005-2006 campaign cycle.

Ted Noel, a partner at Armstrong Teasdale, recruited Applegate to the firm two
years ago. "I think Bill's leaving because he sees a different opportunity," he
said.

Armstrong Teasdale continues to have a very active government relations practice
both in Jefferson City and Washington, D.C., Noel said.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              797 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                           February 9, 2005 Wednesday
                                SARASOTA EDITION

Report calls for tougher rules for lobbyists

BYLINE: By LLOYD DUNKELBERGER CAPITAL BUREAU

SECTION: B SECTION; Pg. BS1

LENGTH: 434 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


Florida has some of the weakest lobbyist disclosure laws in the country,
particularly when compared with other major states such as California and New
York. The law is especially weak in that it does not require lobbyists to report
how much they are paid to influence legislation.

That may change this year. A new report by the Senate Committee on Ethics and
Elections calls for sweeping changes in the lobbyist laws, including requiring
lobbyists to report their salaries, fees or "any other payment or compensation
for the purpose of lobbying."

Good government advocates say it's time Florida joined the majority of states
that require lobbyists to report their fees. "It's no secret that huge amounts
of money are being spent to influence the process in Tallahassee," said Ben
Wilcox, executive director of Florida Common Cause. "I think it's important to
make it more transparent and open."

Wilcox said lobbyists have more power than ever in Tallahassee, noting that with
more than 2,000 registered lobbyists, there are 12.5 lobbyists for each of the
160 lawmakers. He also said any time a major bill moves through the process, it
seems "that virtually every lobbyist with any connection to the Legislature is
being hired."

Under a 1978 law, those lobbyists have to register and identify their clients.
They must also file twice-a-year reports on their expenditures. But those
expenditures don't include the lobbyist's fees or salaries.

Instead, lobbyists report spending on items such as food and drink, advertising,
research and entertainment.

The new Senate report shows Florida's disclosure requirements fall far short of
the majority of states. Twenty-eight states require the reporting of lobbyist
fees. California, Texas and New York, the three states larger than Florida,
"have extensive legislative lobbying reporting systems that mandate the
reporting of lobbyist compensation," the report notes. The report recommends
Florida join those states in requiring lobbyists to disclose their fees in a law
that broadly defines compensation to include items such as salaries, fees,
retainers, advances and "any other payment or compensation for the purpose of
lobbying."

The report, which was briefly discussed by the Ethics and Elections Committee on
Tuesday, also identifies other areas where Florida's lobbying disclosure laws
can be strengthened.

Current law allows lobbyists to identify their legislative interests in general
terms. Those descriptions, the report notes, often are vague and "without any
practical value in providing the public notice of the general lobbying interests
of each principal."

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.


                              798 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 17, 2006 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

New Limit On Lobbying: $75 a Year Per Legislator

BYLINE: By DANNY HAKIM

SECTION: Section B; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 736 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 16


The state's Lobbying Commission voted unanimously on Thursday to bar lobbyists
from giving more than $75 worth of gifts to a legislator in a single year,
curbing the ability of lobbyists to buy influence through free dinners and
rounds of golf.

The ban, part of a new set of guidelines approved by the commission, comes at a
time when many states are enacting new restrictions on lobbying in response to
the Jack Abramoff scandal in Washington.

''They just shut the restaurant door,'' said Blair Horner, legislative director
of the New York Public Interest Research Group. ''This gives New York one of the
strongest gift bans in the country.''

Last year a record $149 million was spent on lobbying in the state, aided by the
New York Jets' failed West Side stadium bid, according to the commission's
annual report. A violation of lobbying disclosure rules last year led the
commission on Thursday to impose a $75,000 fine against Madison Square Garden.

In a statement on Thursday, Gov. George E. Pataki renewed his call for
legislation banning all gifts from lobbyists.

Consumer groups called the new gift limit a step in the right direction.
Previously, the state barred lobbyists from spending more than $75 per gift,
though lobbyists could give as many gifts as they pleased in a year. Last
August, for instance, a cable industry lobbyist paid $83.75 per person for four
people, including Senate staff members, on golf and lunch, counting them as two
separate gifts. Lobbyists often spend more than $1,000 on dinners with groups of
legislators, but are not required to say who or how many attended.

''The nature of mankind is to find loopholes,'' said Paul L. Shechtman, who was
appointed to the commission last month by Mr. Pataki and who was voted its
chairman on Thursday. Mr. Shechtman, a defense lawyer who also heads the state's
Ethics Commission, said he believed the new annual limit would help control
excessive gift giving.

''You can't buy a lot for $75,'' he said. "You can buy a little more in Albany
than in New York City, but you can't buy much."

The policy applies to gifts for state officials and most public officials in
localities with populations greater than 50,000.

''The new rule is terrible news for restaurants in Albany, probably good news
for lobbyists, and I don't think it will really change very much the way the
business of lobbying is conducted,'' said James D. Featherstonhaugh, a prominent
Albany lobbyist.

The new rules will not, however, prevent another form of influence peddling:
campaign contributions, which legislators can use for dinners and other personal
expenses, as well as to underwrite media campaigns. Indeed, lobbyists could
still hold dinners that double as campaign events.

''You could have a campaign event and get a half-dozen people together and raise
money, although I don't expect to see people doing a lot of that,'' Mr.
Featherstonhaugh said.

Patricia Lynch, a former aide to Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver who now runs
the state's second biggest lobbying firm, said: ''The way that I built and
established my firm is, just tell me what the rules are. We're a regulated
industry.''

The commission also tentatively approved a $75,000 fine as part of a settlement
agreement with Madison Square Garden, which is owned by Cablevision. An
investigation by the commission's staff found that Madison Square Garden did not
report that public officials had made use of its suites on 19 occasions at
charitable events, including the Tony Awards.

The fine would be the largest imposed by the commission in three years.

''Cablevision and MSG agreed to settle the complaint because it would be less
expensive to settle the matter than to litigate,'' said Whit Clay, a spokesman
for Cablevision. ''The company maintains that it has fully complied with
lobbying laws.''

The failed effort by the New York Jets to win approval for a new stadium was a
boon to the lobbying industry. Last year, the Jets spent nearly $5.5 million in
lobbying expenses, but that was dwarfed by the $18.8 million spent by
Cablevision and Madison Square Garden, which opposed the deal.

The commission also loosened a rule that exempted widely attended legislative
receptions held by various interest groups. The commission said that food served
at such receptions would not be counted as a gift, but anything a legislator
could walk out the door with would be counted.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              799 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 20, 2013 Friday

Utah: William Penn Foundation Did Not Violate Lobbying Law, Ethics Board Rules

LENGTH: 379  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Foundation Center, The State of Utah has issued the following news release:

A complaint filed in 2012 by Parents United for Public Education, the
Philadelphia Home and School Council, and the Philadelphia chapter of the NAACP
claimed that the foundation had violated the lobbying code by failing to
register as a principal, along with a number of anonymous private donors, on
whose behalf the Boston Consulting Group developed a controversial pro-charter
school plan for the school district. According to the ruling, issued earlier
this month, the board's findings "do not demonstrate that BCG was lobbying the
School District on behalf of the Foundation...despite the appearance created by
the statements of work."

Although then-foundation president Jeremy Nowak regularly met with district
officials, asked questions, and made suggestions about BCG's work, the ethics
board wrote, "when a private grantor provides a grant at the request of a public
entity, we believe that communication between the grantor and public officials
regarding the terms of the grant and compliance with those terms, will not, on
its own, constitute lobbying. The analysis might be different if the private
grantor seeks to influence a specific administrative or legislative action and
provides money to enable the public entity to carry out that action."

Foundation officials "look forward to devoting our full attention and resources
to supporting organizations and initiatives that help make Philadelphia a better
city," Josh Peskin, a foundation spokesman, told the Inquirer. "We are eager to
continue our work in helping to ensure that all children in this city have
access to a high-quality education."

In a post on the Parents United for Public Education blog, founder Helen Gym
wrote that the organization plans to pursue the influence question. "Locally and
nationally, education reform is increasingly being defined by a host of venture
philanthropists hovering about and crawling through school districts, using
their dollars to demand enormous access and circumvent public process," she
wrote. "The law cannot allow for philanthropy to become a backdoor way around
traditional protections in the lobbying law."

For further information please visit: http://www.philanthropynewsdigest.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 14, 2014 Friday

Senate panel vote signals long odds on lobbying limits for ex-lawmakers

BYLINE: Milan Simonich, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 535 words


Feb. 14--A bill to bar former legislators from immediately becoming lobbyists
was tabled by a 5-2 vote in a Senate committee Thursday, with a mix of Democrats
and Republicans voting against it.

Later in the day, the House of Representatives approved a mirror bill on a vote
of 43-23. It moves to the Senate now, but opposition from the Rules Committee
was a clear signal that any bill for lobbying restrictions faces long odds.

Sen. Bill O'Neill, D-Albuquerque, sponsored the Senate version of the bill to
prohibit former legislators, former Cabinet secretaries and former Public
Regulation Commission members from becoming lobbyists for at least two years
after leaving office. Gov. Susana Martinez, a Republican, has endorsed these
restrictions.

O'Neill said the image of New Mexico's citizen Legislature is harmed when a
former member becomes a paid lobbyist whose job is to influence old colleagues.
He said a two-year "cooling-off period" was sensible.

Sen. Michael Sanchez, the Democrats' majority leader from Belen, led the
opposition to O'Neill's bill. He said former legislators could skirt the law in
numerous ways, such as going to work for a law firm involved in lobbying.

"It's obvious that there are ways around this," Sanchez said.

Sen. Mark Moores, R-Albuquerque, agreed with Sanchez. Moores said restricting
when former officeholders and former government employees can become lobbyists
would create problems, not solve them.

The law would "allow the cockroaches to hide under the cabinets," Moores said.

Sen. Clemente Sanchez, D-Grants, likened the Legislature to a college. When
someone graduates, nobody says he has to wait two years to make a living,
Clemente Sanchez said. Similarly, legislators should not pass bills denying
people the opportunity to work as lobbyists, he said.

O'Neill replied: "I don't think that's a fair analogy."

New Mexico legislators do not receive a salary and always tout themselves as
being motivated by a desire to serve the public, O'Neill said. They should not
use elective office as a springboard to lobbying careers, he said.

Common Cause New Mexico, which supports O'Neill's reform bill and the one in the
House of Representatives, said at least 26 former legislators are lobbyists in
Santa Fe.

The two senators who voted for the two-year restriction on lobbying were Linda
Lopez and Gerald Ortiz y Pino, both Democrats from Albuquerque.

Eight states have a law prohibiting former legislators from taking lobbying jobs
for two years after leaving office. Ortiz y Pino said that limitation was a good
idea. Otherwise, a legislator who is supposed to serve the public can resign to
immediately become a paid lobbyist, he said.

Sen. Sander Rue, R-Albuquerque, voted against the lobbying restriction. Rue said
lobbyists provide a necessary service, giving voice to people who want to be
heard by legislators.

Rue called bills to restrict lobbying "a solution in search of a problem."

Contact Milan Simonich at 986-3080 or msimonich@sfnewmexican.com Follow his
Ringside Seat blog at santafenewmexican.com.

___ (c)2014 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140214-SF-Senate-panel-vote-signals-long-odds-on-lobbying
-limits-for-ex-lawmakers-0214-20140214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2014 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              801 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Argus Weekend (South Africa)

                                August 11, 2013
                                   E1 Edition

US charges two men with illegal lobbying for Mugabe

BYLINE:  Andrew Harris

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT WEEKEND; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 362 words


President Robert Mugabe allegedly hired two Chicago men to lobby US officials to
lift economic sanctions against him in violation of federal law, according to a
criminal complaint unsealed last week.

In exchange for those services rendered in 2008 and 2009, the men were to be
paid $3.4 million (R33.6m), acting Chicago US Attorney Gary S Shapiro said in a
statement.

While Mugabe wasn't charged, Prince Asiel Ben Israel, 72, and C Gregory Turner,
71, were accused of violating the International Emergency Economic Powers Act
(IEEPA). Last week Ben Israel appeared before US Magistrate Judge Arlander Keys
in Chicago, who released him on a $4 500 bond.

A warrant has been issued for Turner's arrest.

"[They] allegedly agreed to engage in public relations, political consulting and
lobbying to have sanctions removed by meeting with and attempting to persuade US
federal and state government officials," Shapiro said.

Mugabe has led the nation since 1980 and was re-elected a week ago. Morgan
Tsvangirai, who was credited with winning 34 percent of the July 31 vote, has
disputed the result.

The US has called the election "deeply flawed".

Sanctions were imposed in 2003 by then president George W Bush and were
continued under President Barack Obama.

While the sanctions do not ban travel to the nation or prohibit public officials
from meeting with "specially designated nationals", they do prohibit lobbying,
public relations and media consulting services for the Zimbabweans.

Ben Israel and Turner in November 2008 allegedly discussed with Mugabe, Reserve
Bank of Zimbabwe president Gideon Gono and other Zimbabwean officials "their
association with many public officials who purportedly had close connections
with then president elect Barack Obama".

Their lobbying effort included arranging for an unidentified Illinois state
senator to meet with Mugabe and for the leader to meet with unidentified federal
and state government officials in New York, according to the complaint.

Violation of the statutory scheme known as the IEEPA is punishable by as long as
20 years in prison and a $1m fine.

Ben Israel's attorney, Viviana Ramirez, declined to comment after the hearing. -
Bloomberg

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CZ


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Arizona Capitol Times

                              May 20, 2013 Monday

Special events dominated Arizona lobbying expenditures during the first quarter

BYLINE: Evan Wyloge and Hank Stephenson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 418  words


Giving lawmakers free tickets to sporting events is legal if it falls into the
"special event" category of lobbying, where the entire Legislature, an entire
committee or an entire caucus is invited.

Such spending, which does not require lobbyists to report who benefited,
accounted for the largest portion of lobbying dollars spent during the first
quarter. Roughly 84 percent of the more than $233,072 reported for the first
three months of 2013 involved a special event.

A handful of sporting events accounts for some of the larger expenditures.

For the past several years, US Airways has picked up the tab for a private tent
at the Waste Management Phoenix Open, the largest golf tournament held in
Arizona each year. This year was no different, and the airline reported spending
$28,750 for the February event.

US Airways lobbyist Joe Hughes said an invitation was extended to every state
lawmaker, but he wasn't sure who attended the event.

Sort the table of lobbying entity summaries in ascending or descending
alphanumeric order by clicking the arrow buttons at the top of each column. Use
the search box to find names of lobbying entities.

Special event lobbying for the first quarter of 2013 also includes nearly $6,000
spent on two Phoenix Coyotes hockey games for members of certain legislative
committees. The cost was split between the city of Glendale, which paid for the
tickets in their suite at Jobing.com Arena, and CenturyLink, which paid for the
food.

Glendale lobbyist Brent Stoddard said former lawmaker and current Glendale Mayor
Jerry Weiers wanted to invite lawmakers to the game to meet with West Valley
mayors and strengthen relationships among the elected officials.

Stoddard noted that Jobing.com Arena is a city-owned facility and said it was
proper to invite lawmakers to the game. While inviting a single lawmaker would
be illegal, inviting a committee of nine lawmakers isn't.

"That's the way the law is set up, so we follow the law and make sure we follow
it correctly and report everything correctly," Stoddard said. "The Legislature
is the one that creates those requirements. "

There were no records of lobbyists purchasing tickets to Cactus League baseball
games for lawmakers. State law does not require lobbyists or organizations to
list a description of special event spending, but reports often do have that
information.

http://www.azcapitoltimes.com/be-the-first-to-know/Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            February 7, 2006 Tuesday

Bottom line

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 256 words


* ENERGY. The Edison Electric Institute, the main trade group for investor-owned
utilities, has hired Hunton & Williams to lobby on "pole attachment and related
electric utility issues in federal telecommunications proposals," according to
the registration. Duke Energy and the American Electric Power Service Corp. have
also hired Hunton & Williams to lobby on the same issue. The lobbying team
includes Sean Cunningham, a former counsel to the House Energy and Commerce
Committee, and lobbyists Fred Eames, Rick Gary and Patrick McCormick.

* FINANCIAL SERVICES. Wachovia Corp., a North Carolina-based bank, has hired
Jenkins Hill Consulting to lobby on financial services issues on Capitol Hill,
according to lobbying registrations.

The Florida Bankers Association, meanwhile, has hired Akerman Senterfitt to
lobby on banking issues. Thomas Cardwell of Akerman Senterfitt serves as the
association's counsel.

* LOCAL GOVERNMENT. The Ferguson Group is lobbying on behalf of McHenry County
in Illinois on a variety of budget matters. The lobbying team includes Roger
Gwinn, who was a legislative director to then-Rep. Vic Fazio (D-Calif.) before
joining the Ferguson Group. Trent Lehman, another former Hill staffer, is also
lobbying for the county.

* MISCELLANY. The Contact Lens Institute has hired Kleinfeld Kaplan & Becker to
lobby on industry-related issues, according to politicalmoneyline.com. Anthony
Young is lobbying on behalf of the institute. Young also serves as regulatory
counsel to the Pharmaceutical Distributors Association.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              804 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Gazeta Mercantil Online (Brazil)

                           November 24, 1997, Monday

Lobbying hurts Colombian flower exporters_

SECTION: Front Page

LENGTH: 136 words

DATELINE: 11/24/97


Washington - Due to lobbying efforts in the US Congress, Colombian flower
exports to the US could be placed with an 8% import tariff, which would make a
great difference for the Colombian producers, who since 1991 have benefited from
a zero tariff with the US. The decision will also affect the 2,000 workers in
Florida who distribute the product.

The term lobbying has a negative connotation, even in the US, where the
profession is legal. 'Lobbying is the sale influence, which in some occasions
reaches scandalous levels,' stated the Chilean ambassador to Washington, John
Biehl. However lobbying is nothing other than the activity of persuading
government employees and Congress members to their customer's cause, stated
attorney Charles (Chip) Roh. (Gazeta Mercantil) (Maria Helena Tachinardi)

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

LANGUAGE-SPOKEN: PORTUGUESE

ORIG-LANGUAGE: PORTUGUESE

                      Copyright 1997 Gazeta Mercantil Inc.


                              805 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Education Week

                                October 5, 2005

Class Reunion;
Rod Paige and other former Ed. Dept. officials form consulting company.

SECTION: Pg. 24 Vol. 25 No. 6

LENGTH: 417  words


The staff roster at the Chartwell Education Group LLC has a distinctly familiar
look to it.

At least six former senior Department of Education officials from the current
President Bush's administration, including former Secretary of Education Rod
Paige and former Deputy Secretary William D. Hansen, have joined to form a
consulting company.

Chartwell will advise a broad range of clients, including school districts,
state officials, foundations, businesses, and foreign governments, said John
Danielson, a former chief of staff to Mr. Paige in the Education Department, who
has spearheaded the formation of the group.

The company will focus on strategies for academic improvement from
prekindergarten through college, but will not engage in lobbying of any kind,
said Mr. Danielson, who is Chartwell's chief executive officer. "We're not a
lobbying firm, or a public relations firm," he said.

Federal law generally bars former senior executive-branch employees from
lobbying their former agencies for one year after leaving their posts.

So far, partners in the company include Mr. Paige, who was secretary throughout
President Bush's first term and will serve as chairman; Mr. Hansen; Susan K.
Sclafani, a former assistant secretary for vocational and adult education and a
longtime aide to Mr. Paige; Ronald J. Tomalis, a former counselor to Mr. Paige;
and Mary Jane T. Pearson, a former San Francisco-based regional representative
for the Education Department. The partners will specialize in areas they know
best from their former federal work, though they also will share duties, Mr.
Danielson said.

While several of the partners are Republicans, Mr. Danielson said discussions
were under way to bring on board at least three "very well-respected" Democrats,
whom he declined to identify. The consulting firm will have its headquarters in
New York City, on the 75th floor of the Empire State Building, with offices in
Washington and California, Mr. Danielson said.

Chartwell will choose its clients carefully, he added, working with individuals
and organizations committed to academic improvement. While its work is likely to
include areas of broad interest, such as the federal No Child Left Behind Act,
which Mr. Paige helped pass and interpret, the firm's reach will also extend
beyond U.S. borders. The group has been in discussions with more than one
African government about education policy, Mr. Danielson said.

"The goal is improved education," he said, "not just in the U.S., but around the
world."

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2005 Editorial Projects in Education, Inc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 14, 2003 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

New York's Secret Lobbying

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 374 words


There's nothing like a couple of scandals to get a legislative session off to a
good start. As New York's lawmakers return -- ever so slowly -- to doing the
state's business in Albany, they should take heed of the following events:

A powerful assemblywoman, Gloria Davis of the Bronx, has been sent off to 90
days behind bars for accepting a bribe; and in a second case involving Ms.
Davis, a state commission is investigating whether a lobbying firm gave her free
rides from her district to the State Capitol, which would almost certainly top
the $75 gift limit. Meanwhile, former State Attorney General Dennis Vacco made a
guest appearance in a Times story last week about the death of a worker at an
Elmira pipe plant where safety regulations were routinely ignored. Mr. Vacco,
who was pressured by company officials and lobbyists, quashed attempts to indict
the corporation involved.

Both stories demonstrate how deeply New York State's decision makers remain in
the thrall of special interests, even though most of them do not stoop to
bribe-taking as Ms. Davis did. Virtually nothing happens in Albany in which the
desires of lobbyists aren't taken into account.

New York State's "temporary" Commission on Lobbying can generally exact only
modest fines if lobbyists break the law in courting the favor of legislators.
But at least there's a law to break. For those who want to hire a former
political bigwig to lobby a state commissioner or a member of a state authority,
there is no real public accounting. The pressure on Mr. Vacco seems to have come
more in the form of political threats than inducements. But it's a reminder that
state officials have far more ability than most legislators to help or hurt the
bottom line of powerful interests.

Some politicians in Albany don't see the need to improve their lobbying law
after it was retouched in 1999 in a way that barely tightened restrictions. At
the time, the Senate leader, Joseph Bruno, was soundly rebuffed for trying to
add unelected officials to the reporting code that lobbyists must follow. It was
a good idea then, and it's a better one now. Mr. Bruno should go back to his
brave effort on lobbying as a first step to scaling back the ways that money
skews state business.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              807 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            November 18, 2016 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Scott won't take job in Trump's Cabinet;
Transition team also imposes 5-year lobbying ban.

BYLINE:  By John Kennedy   Palm Beach Post Capital Bureau

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 665 words


After meeting with President-elect Donald Trump for about 40 minutes Thursday in
New York, Florida Gov. Rick Scott said he will not serve in Trump's Cabinet,
insisting he wants to finish out his term as governor.

"I'm going to help him but not take a Cabinet position," Scott said Thursday
night during an interview on CNN.

Scott's was among several prominent Republicans who made their way to Trump
Tower in New York City on Thursday, even as Trump's transition team announced
that anyone vying for a top post must sever ties with clients and agree to a
five-year lobbying ban when he or she leaves government.

The lobbyist-restrictions announcement came during a media call that was the
first of what is anticipated to be daily scheduled updates with reporters as
Trump readies his administration. The president-elect has more than 4,000 jobs
to fill early in his administration, with a host of Floridians seen as in the
running for some of them.

"What's crucial to understand about this lobbying ban is that instead of looking
back, it looks forward," said Republican National Committee spokesman Sean
Spicer in the conference call with reporters.

"The focus of this is that service to the nation truly is first," he said. "And
that the ability of oneself to enrich oneself is not at the heart of this."

He called it "true, forward-thinking change."

Trump also is imposing a lifetime ban on any former administration officials
representing foreign governments.

President Barack Obama imposed a two-year lobbying ban for officials leaving his
administration, which he instituted by executive order his first day in office.

Besides Scott, South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley, Rep. Jeb Hensarling, R-Texas,
former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger and retired Gen. Jack Keane met with
Trump on Thursday.

Although the meetings involve people said to be interested in positions in
Trump's administration, Scott was the second Florida Republican in three days to
say he does not plan to serve in the Cabinet. On Tuesday, Dr. Ben Carson, a West
Palm Beach resident who has supported Trump since he ended his own presidential
campaign, said he wants instead to assist the president-elect as an
outside-the-Beltway voice of support.

Scott, a former health care executive, was thought to be a possible candidate to
serve as secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.

He spoke on CNN about Trump's determination to repeal the Affordable Care Act
and about his own excitement about having partners in Washington to call for
help with jobs or regulations.

Scott endorsed Trump after Florida's primary in March and led a political action
committee that spent $20 million helping the real estate mogul's presidential
campaign.

Scott said he met with Trump for about 40 to 45 minutes and was joined by Reince
Priebus, the chairman of the Republican National Committee who will be Trump's
chief of staff.

"Exciting time, isn't it, all of these changes?" Scott said on CNN when asked
about Trump's election. "Americans voted for change. This is the Trump
administration. You're going to get change."

Staff writer Wayne Washington contributed to this story. jkennedy@pbpost.com
Twitter: @jkennedyreport

trump suit against PBIA officially over

Donald Trump has filed paperwork confirming plans to drop his $100 million
lawsuit against Palm Beach County over jets flying near Mar-a-Lago, his private
club in Palm Beach. "It's officially over!" County Attorney Denise Nieman wrote
county commissioners Wednesday. While the president-elect's attorneys had called
her on Monday, saying they no longer planned to pursue the nearly 2-year-old
lawsuit, they didn't file necessary court papers until Wednesday. In a
two-sentence notice, Trump's attorneys John Marion and Bruce Rogow, a noted
constitutional law expert, wrote that they were voluntarily dismissing the suit
"with prejudice." Neither the county nor Trump, they wrote, would seek court
costs or attorneys' fees in connection with the abandoned litigation.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                            January 15, 2008 Tuesday
                               NORTH PORT EDITION

North Port hires federal lobbyist;
Greenberg Traurig will get $60,000 a year

BYLINE: By JOHN DAVIS john.davis@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: B SECTION; Pg. BV1

LENGTH: 246 words

DATELINE: NORTH PORT


Lobbying firm Greenberg Traurig will represent the city in Washington, marking
North Port's first lobbying efforts at the federal level.

Commissioners voted 5-0 on Monday to award an estimated $60,000-a-year contract
to Greenberg Traurig, citing the firm's "political clout" as a prime selling
point.

Greenberg Traurig, which also represents North Port in Tallahassee, has promised
"special recognition" in Congress for North Port's road problems.

The city rejected overtures from Marlowe & Co., the firm that has long
represented Venice and Sarasota in D.C.

The company's relationships with North Port's neighbors turned out to be its
downfall.

"I'm really concerned about the fact that other municipalities in the area are
going to be vying for the same amount of money," said Commissioner Vanessa
Carusone.

The city wants federal money to help pay for a laundry list of infrastructure
needs, from road expansion and repaving to upgrading an outdated drainage
network.

With Monday's vote, North Port joins about 80 governments or taxing districts in
Florida that contract with federal lobbyists.

"We'd like to build on a relationship that we currently have," said Hayden
Dempsey, North Port's main Tallahassee lobbyist.

Greenberg Traurig is one of the largest law firms in the country, with dozens of
offices worldwide.

The details of the federal lobbying contract will now be worked out, but North
Port's annual state and federal lobbying costs will now likely exceed $100,000
this year.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 22, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Aide Says Reagan Is Urged To Veto Limits on Lobbying

BYLINE: By SUSAN F. RASKY, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 16, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 664 words

DATELINE: SIMI VALLEY, Calif., Nov. 21


President Reagan is being urged by members of his Cabinet to veto a bill that
would tighten restrictions on lobbying by former Government officials, Marlin
Fitzwater, the White House spokesman, said today.

The bill, approved by Congress Oct. 21, must be signed by Mr. Reagan before
midnight Nov. 25 if it is to become law. Mr. Fitzwater said the President had
not yet made a decision and said the President was still seeking comment from
Government agencies on the bill.

''There is some very strong oppositions from a lot of Cabinet officials,'' Mr.
Fitzwater told reporters traveling with the President to California aboard Air
Force One.

The Reagans will be spending the Thanksgiving holiday at their ranch in Santa
Barbara and are scheduled to return to Washington on Sunday. The White House has
planned a light schedule for the President. Although Mr. Reagan is scheduled to
meet with Mikhail S. Gorbachev next month when the Soviet leader visits the
United States, Mr. Fitzwater said Mr. Reagan was not expected to use any of his
vacation time to prepare for the talk.

Mr. Fitzwater said one of the reasons Cabinet members had objected to the
lobbying bill was that its restrictions were more stringent for former executive
branch officials than for members of Congress. He said the bill was drafted in
such a way that it would preclude a former President from calling an incumbent
President. He also said that a former Vice President Bush would not be allowed
to call the Park Service to get a camping permit.

On their way to their ranch, the Reagans stopped here to break ground for the
Ronald Reagan Presidential Library, on which construction is expected to begin
later this year. The site is about 45 minutes north of Los Angeles and 60
minutes south of Santa Barbara.

''This is a most humbling moment for me,'' Mr. Reagan said at the groundbreaking
ceremony. ''I have had occasion to reflect on the astonishing journey I have
been privileged to make from the banks of the Rock River to this glorious site
overlooking the mighty Pacific.''

He said the library would house the record of the ideas and policies that
undergirded the accomplishments of this Administration.

''There will be much to study here, much to discuss, much to mull over,'' he
said. ''This library will allow scholars of the future to pass their own
judgments on these years, and I would not presume to predict the result of their
researches. But I have to believe that scholars of good will, upon examining the
historical records that will be contained herein, will judge our efforts well.''

Plans for the library have been in the works since early 1983, and final
obstacles to construction were removed last month when officials in Ventura
County approved the plan.

The 15,000-square-foot library will be built in the center of a mountain lot
overlooking the Pacific Ocean. It will be divided into three sections, including
a museum to house public exhibits, reading rooms that will include stacks for
research and document storage, and a public affairs section.

Former Official to Head Board

The library is to be run by a board of governors and a board of trustees headed
by former Attorney General William French Smith, who was among the officials
attending today's groundbreaking ceremonies. The building of the library is
expected to cost $45 million, which is being raised by private contributions.
The White House declined to say how much money has been raised thus far, but
there have been reports that the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation has had
difficulty in obtaining contributions.

Mr. Reagan had intended to have the library built on the campus of Stamford
University in Palo Alto, Calif., but the plans fell through in April 1987
because of opposition from faculty and city landowners.

The library will be the ninth Presidential library in the National Archives
system and the first to be built west of the Rockies. Its backers hope to have
it finished in 1991.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              810 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            April 26, 2006 Wednesday

Lobbying world

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 372 words


* Neil Trautwein, a longtime veteran of healthcare lobbying who has done stints
at the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM), the U.S. Chamber of Commerce
and the National Association of Health Underwriters, has joined the National
Retail Federation as vice president and health-benefits policy counsel.
Trautwein most recently served as NAM's assistant vice president for human
resources policy and continues to chair multiple healthcare coalitions on
chronic and catastrophic costs. Trautwein is a former aide to Senate Majority
Whip Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.).

* Two new lobbyists have landed at the Rhoads Group, a growing presence on the
defense lobbying scene. Gary Krump will leave his post as chairman and chief
judge of the board of contract appeals at the Department of Veterans Affairs
next month to become vice president and director of federal marketing at Rhoads,
where he will specialize in procurement and contracting promotions.

Thomas Pyle has also joined Rhoads as a vice president, moving from Koch
Industries, where he was director of federal affairs. Pyle's Hill experience
includes past service for House Resources Committee Chairman Richard Pombo
(R-Calif.), Rep. George Radanovich (R-Calif.) and Rep. Tom DeLay (R-Texas).

* Thomas Skinner, former director of national compliance at the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA), has accepted a partnership at Mayer, Brown, Rowe & Maw.
President Bush appointed Skinner to head EPA operations in the Midwest, and
Skinner simultaneously served as the manager of the Great Lakes National
Program, a U.S.-Canadian partnership.

* Julie Allen Scott has joined the Jefferson Consulting Group as a director,
moving from the American Dental Association, where she served as manager of
legislative and regulatory policy. She is also a former top lobbyist at the
American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the American Society of
Consultant Pharmacists.

* Bruce Harvie is the new executive director at the National Association of
Republican Campaign Professionals, a networking and career group for GOP
political professionals. Harvie has worked on several GOP congressional
campaigns, as well as for consulting shops Carlyle Gregory and Wilson Grand
Communications.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            March 17, 2007 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

AROUND THE STATE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 669 words


Fire victims taken to Africa for burial

NEW YORK (AP) -- A Bronx man accompanied the bodies of his wife and four
children on Friday for burial in Africa after a blaze killed 10 people as it
engulfed their home.

Mamadou Soumare "loves America now as much as he loves his children," said his
attorney, Michael Wildes, who helped him secure an immigration permit so he can
return to New York after his family is buried in his native Mali.

Friday, the remains of his wife and children were driven from a Harlem funeral
home to John F. Kennedy International Airport for the trip to Mali's capital,
Bamako. Air France is covering the costs of transporting the remains.

Long before the fire, Mariam Fatoumata Soumare, 42, had expressed her wish to be
buried alongside her father in a Bamako cemetery, Wildes said. She is to be laid
to rest there with the children -- 7-month-old twins Harouna and Sise,
4-year-old son Djibril and 7-year-old daughter Hassimy, the attorney said.

***

$4.5 million spent on health care ads

ALBANY (AP) -- The first installment of broadcast ads lobbying against Gov.
Eliot L. Spitzer's health care cuts cost $4.5 million in just a few days, state
lobbying records showed Friday.

"I think that if you annualize this, it would certainly be the largest lobbying
effort in the history of New York State," said lobbying commission Executive
Director David Grandeau.

The ads, run earlier this month by Local 1199 of the Service Employees
International Union and the Greater New York Hospital Association, opposed
Spitzer's health care reform plan that includes cutting more than $1.2 billion
in aid that has traditionally gone to larger hospitals, such as those that
belong to the hospital association and employ union members.

In the ad, the Rev. Al Sharpton states that with health maintenance
organizations getting "excessive profits . . . it's unreal to me that Gov.
Spitzer would pick on underpaid nurses and health care workers in order to meet
his bottom line."

***

Military chaplain loses rank, sent to prison

FORT DRUM (AP) -- A 10th Mountain Division chaplain was stripped of his rank and
sentenced to five months in military prison after pleading guilty to adultery
and threatening to kill his mistress when she wanted to end their relationship,
Fort Drum officials said Friday.

Capt. John Lau -- a Southern Baptist minister described by the mistress as a
manipulative sadist -- was tried by a military judge who also ordered him
dismissed from the Army.

Lau, 50, admitted he threatened to kill Amanda Tyler, a 34-year-old British
woman whom he met in 2004 while stationed in England, brought to the United
States and "married" during a mock ceremony last year at Niagara Falls.

Lau was so cavalier about his extramarital relationship that he routinely
brought both women to official Fort Drum functions and introduced Tyler as his
"wife's friend," he testified at his court-martial.

Lau was sentenced to 14 months in military prison. But under the terms of his
plea agreement he will serve only five months.

***

Rail line to Buffalo to undergo inspection

ALBANY (AP) -- The Federal Railroad Administration plans to use an automated
track inspection vehicle starting next week to check for flaws along the
Buffalo-Albany rail line where a freight train crashed Monday.

Agency spokesman Steve Kulm said he didn't know the last time the vehicle was
used to inspect that line.

Federal Railroad Administrator Joseph Boardman plans to visit the Rensselaer
train station Monday to outline the inspection and other plans to improve rail
safety in New York.

An 80-car CSX freight train was traveling from Buffalo to the Albany area Monday
morning when 28 cars jumped the tracks near Oneida. Eight 80,000-gallon tank
cars containing flammable substances, including propane, caught fire.

Sens. Charles E. Schumer and Hillary Rodham Clinton immediately called for a
federal investigation of statewide rail safety. Schumer later urged creation of
a task force to examine CSX, saying this was the fifth derailment since
December.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              812 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 3, 2005 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Albany Report Card

SECTION: Section 14WC; Column 1; Westchester Weekly Desk; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1187 words


Last year, if you had asked us to assess New York State's legislative year, we
would have found it hard to get beyond a sigh of disappointment. This year,
mostly, we applaud. An impressive number of the 700 or so bills approved by the
Legislature reflect a conscientious effort to reform the way Albany does
business. Here is a closer look at what the legislators did and did not do.

Budget Reform. Albany produced an on-time budget for the first time in 21 years,
creating the climate -- and the time -- for other reforms that came later. It
also made the budget process more accessible to the press and public than it had
been in years, at least in the earlier stages. The Legislature opened up its
conference committees, and Gov. George Pataki held public meetings of Albany's
top leaders, where important matters were brought to the table before they had
been decided in secret.

Near the end, negotiations returned to the back rooms, where they have always
been conducted. Over all, however, there was real progress, although a
constitutional amendment aimed at further reform could too easily undercut the
governor's traditional authority to shape the budget. The amendment will be
presented to voters this fall.

Lobbying Reform. The law that is likely to do more than any other to change the
way Albany does business will require people who lobby state agencies for
billions of dollars in contracts to register publicly, just as they would if
they were lobbying the Legislature.

The new law lasts for two years, plenty of time for lobbyists to figure out a
way around it and for reformers to determine how to fix the problem again. How
well this law actually works will depend heavily on the makeup of an advisory
group that will be appointed primarily by Mr. Pataki and the legislative
leaders.

The Legislature would have received higher marks for lobbying reform if it had
taken the next step -- banning gifts from lobbyists to state officials. The
governor wants this reform and he deserves to get it next time.

Good Governance.  For the first time in years, legislators were required to vote
in person -- a serious inconvenience for many lawmakers long accustomed to being
recorded as voting even when they were somewhere else.

This reform has encouraged real debate on legislation, the kind that sways
people who are still on the fence. Leaders are still bringing bills to the floor
in the confident expectation that they will pass. But this year there were a few
surprises. Assembly leaders suddenly withdrew two bills when it became apparent
the debate was not leaning their way. A Senate bill was actually withdrawn after
the vote had been declared.

In yet another move that may shed sunlight on Albany's day-to-day business, the
Legislature agreed to televise public sessions statewide. This may not displace
E! Entertainment Television, but at least voters can see how their legislators
do on their feet. And some debates really are worth the time for anyone
interested in the pros and cons of, say, a junk-food tax or emergency
contraception.

Some changes in the rules changed very little. Leaders still have their members
more or less by the throat. And the minority parties -- Democrats in the Senate,
Republicans in the Assembly -- still have trouble putting their names on bills
as sponsors. The Senate's changes were particularly paltry. Committee votes are
often taken with proxies sitting in for the member, and even legislation that
has the open support of everyone except the leadership cannot make it to the
Senate floor without the approval of the majority leader, Joseph Bruno.

The Legislature was not the only institution in Albany in need of sunlight. For
years, a host of public-private authorities -- a secret government of sorts --
approved billions of dollars in public works without any real oversight from the
public or its elected representatives. The Legislature agreed to open them up.
But control of these groups still rests with the governor, meaning that the
Legislature will have to be diligent in checking to see whether its changes are
actually working.

Election Reform. Legislators agreed to computerize local campaign offices, which
should tell us more about who gives what to whom. And a compromise proposal that
will help get money from Washington to buy new voting machines finally made it
through both houses. The new law will require a voter-verified paper ballot, a
necessity in a state where arduous recounts are commonplace.

Regrettably, though, the Legislature failed to complete its task by leaving
intact New York's strange full-face ballot, which has all races on one page and
limits the types of voting machines that can be used to record the ballots.

It also failed to address other imperatives of campaign finance reform, like
lowering the limits on giving, banning soft money and ending fund-raisers around
the Capitol while the Legislature is in session. And when it next meets, the
Legislature must establish a nonpartisan redistricting commission and not wait
until just before 2012, when the map is scheduled to be redrawn.

Miscellaneous Ups and Downs. On the upside, the Legislature plugged a nagging
loophole in the ethics law: a ''get out of jail free'' escape mechanism that had
allowed public officials to avoid investigation into unethical behavior simply
by retiring or resigning from their jobs.

Other worthy measures will require tighter energy and efficiency standards for
residential and commercial appliances; authorize Internet sales of wine from New
York wineries; and provide important tax incentives for Lower Manhattan.

The Legislature also required more thorough disclosure of hospital infection
rates, which must henceforth be reported to the Health Department and eventually
be made public. There are 90,000 infection-related deaths across the country
each year; fuller disclosure should help persuade sloppy hospitals to take
remedial action.

On the downside, efforts to solve Westchester Medical Center's chronic financial
problems failed when the Assembly and Senate could not reach a consensus on a
bailout package. An expanded bottle-redemption bill passed the Assembly but died
in the Senate, where Mr. Bruno called it a dumb idea despite some support from
his own party.

A proposal for much-needed pay raises for judges was lost in the last-minute
scrum. Also at the last minute, legislators created a number of new judicial
positions, many for patronage appointments. Among these was a judgeship in
Brooklyn that will be created just in time to miss the deadline for elections.
That means Democratic Party leaders will choose the judge -- not a good idea,
especially in Brooklyn.

On balance, every leader and most legislators can walk away from this year's
session feeling that they've done serious work and can legitimately label
themselves reformers. Big tasks remain, like education funding and Medicaid
reform. Voters and the media still have to keep a keen eye on this bunch to make
sure they do not just sit back and say they ''did reform'' in 2005. But for now
there is much to be proud of.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              813 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Florida Keys Keynoter (Marathon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 5, 2013 Wednesday

Key West looking at anti-lobbying law for projects

BYLINE: Sean Kinney, Florida Keys Keynoter, (Marathon, Fla.)

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 354 words


June 05--The Key West City Commission on Tuesday was expected to pass the first
of two required readings of a law designed to regulate lobbying as a slate of
public building projects is coming to the fore.

City Attorney Shawn Smith, who proposed the ordinance in March, refers to the
law as a "cone of silence." Estimates for the public projects, including two
park renovations, along with a new city hall, fire station and transportation
depot, come in at nearly $100 million.

Smith said he anticipates a "great deal" of lobbying and intends for the cone of
silence to provide taxpayers with "confidence that decisions are being made
based upon facts and not determined by behind-the-scenes influence."

The law would apply when the city goes through requests for proposals, requests
for qualifications, invitations to bid and any other competitive solicitations.

--The proposed wording enumerates four types of prohibited communications.

--Between vendors or their representatives and city staff up to and including
the city manager.

--Between vendors and members of the Key West City Commission.

--Between vendors and any person serving on an evaluation or ranking committee.

--Between any elected official and people serving on an evaluation or ranking
committee.

The law would allow members of the public to communicate with vendors, city
staff and/or elected officials.

Written communications from vendors would be allowed as long as a copy is filed
with the City Clerk's Office. Smith contemplates the "cone of silence" applying
from the time public notice of a competitive solicitation is made until the
commission makes a final award.

Already in place is what's called a quasi-judicial proceeding governing major
development plans brought by private developers. Such hearings require anyone
giving public testimony on a project to be sworn in and commissioners must
disclose ex-parte communication (if they've discussed the issue before them with
principals involved).

___ (c)2013 the Florida Keys Keynoter (Marathon, Fla.) Visit the Florida Keys
Keynoter (Marathon, Fla.) at www.keysnet.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130605-FK-Key-West-looking-at-anti-lobbying
-law-for-projects-0605-20130605

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FK


                      Copyright 2013 Florida Keys Keynoter


                              814 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 24, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Insurers Plan to Fight Congress on Small-Business Health Coverage

BYLINE: By ROBERT PEAR,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 26; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1007 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Private health insurers are planning a nationwide lobbying campaign to forestall
Congress from passing legislation that would require them to provide health
coverage to the millions of uninsured workers who work for small businesses.

The lobbying campaign is being aimed at state legislatures around the country.
Insurers say changes in state laws are preferable because they will provide more
flexibility in addressing local needs.

Carl J. Schramm, president of the Health Insurance Association of America, said,
"If we are to persuade Congress to avoid unprecedented regulation of the health
insurance industry, we have to demonstrate a state system of regulation."

Growing Support in Congress

Support for Federal regulation is growing in Congress, where lawmakers are
concerned about the inability of many small businesses to find or pay for health
insurance for their workers. If either the Federal Government or the states
adopted such standards, it would be significant because one-half to two-thirds
of 34 million uninsured people across the country are employed by businesses
with 25 or fewer employees.

Insurers are often reluctant to provide coverage for small businesses because
they say that one employee with a severe illness or injury can double or triple
health costs for the group.

To deal with the problem, Mr. Schramm said, the industry now wants states to
pass laws requiring that insurers offer coverage to businesses with 3 to 25
employees. The trade association, which represents more than 300 commercial
health insurance companies, has identified 15 states where it wants to see such
legislation passed in the next year. It expects to spend $4 million to $5
million for lobbying, public relations and legal work in those states, Mr.
Schramm said.

The 15 states are Alaska, California, Florida, Iowa, Louisiana, Maine,
Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Texas, Washington,
Wisconsin and Wyoming. They account for 70 percent of the 34 million people who
have no health insurance.

'Not Working Well'

"We recognize that the insurance market for small groups is not working well,"
Mr. Schramm said. If state legislatures do not guarantee access to health
insurance coverage for small businesses, "it would be an invitation for Congress
to do so," he said.

There is little chance that Congress will make sweeping, comprehensive changes
in the nation's health-care system before adjourning in late 1992. But passage
of Federal legislation to overhaul the insurance market for small groups is
conceivable for several reasons. There is little or no cost to the Government.
Helping small business is politically popular, and members of Congress would
like to say they have done something to ease the nation's health-care problems.

Small employers with sick or disabled workers often find it difficult or
impossible to get health insurance at prices they can afford. Many insurers use
health screening to verify that a group is healthy before they accept it for
coverage. Premiums for the group may soar if one employee has a severe illness
or injury. In addition, some insurers refuse to write coverage for small groups
in certain occupations or industries with a history of costly claims.

Senate Proposal

The insurance industry's proposal is similar to one being drafted by Senator
Lloyd Bentsen, the Texas Democrat who is chairman of the Finance Committee.

Under both proposals, all small-employer groups would be able to obtain private
health insurance, regardless of their workers' health problems. Insurers could
not exclude high-risk individuals like a diabetic worker or an employee's child
with a heart ailment. Insurers could not cancel coverage for a small group
because workers' claims were high or their health deteriorated. The insurance
industry proposal, like Mr. Bentsen's, would also limit variation in premiums,
so insurers would have to charge similar amounts to small groups with similar
claims experience and health status.

To finance the additional cost of covering millions of people with serious or
chronic medical problems, insurers would contribute money to a pool to spread
the risk broadly among all insurance companies serving the small-group market.
This "reinsurance pool" would finance coverage for people who cannot now obtain
it. In addition, the pool guarantees that no company would be financially ruined
by the costs of claims filed by sick people.

Dr. Sidney M. Wolfe, director of Public Citizen's Health Research Group, a
consumer organization, said the proposals by the insurance industry were "a
desperate move to avert a single-payer program" under which a Federal or state
agency would pay all medical bills. Any such program "is anathema to commercial
health insurers because it means they would no longer be needed," he said.

Woodrow E. Eno, vice president and general counsel of the Health Insurance
Association of America, said: "It's natural and proper that there should be
skepticism about an industry that seeks to reform itself. But we are very
serious. These changes are necessary to preserve the private health insurance
system. If the current problems are not addressed, we'll eventually have
national health insurance."

Mr. Eno said that several states, including Tennessee, were so eager to overhaul
the insurance market for small groups that "they have asked to be added to our
target list."

Senator Bentsen is trying to work out a compromise with Representative Dan
Rostenkowski, the Illinois Democrat who is chairman of the Ways and Means
Committee. The House measure goes further than Mr. Bentsen's in regulating the
sale of health insurance to small businesses.

The Bush Administration has acknowledged that many small businesses have severe
problems buying health insurance, but so far it has not endorsed specific
proposals to overhaul the market. In the past, the Administration has opposed
additional Federal regulation of health insurance, which has historically been
regulated by the states.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              815 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           August 29, 2007 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Added Clout Sought for Lobbying Effort

BYLINE: Bill Turque; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 594 words


The Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority, looking for more lobbying muscle
to help secure federal approval for the troubled Dulles rail project, is
negotiating with former U.S. transportation secretary Norman Y. Mineta to
represent the agency.

Mineta, 75, is vice chairman of Hill & Knowlton, the communications and lobbying
firm, where he advises clients on transportation and national security issues.
He joined the company after leaving the Bush administration in July 2006.

Mineta has a long history with the airports authority. He was a Democratic
member of the U.S. House from 1975 to 1995, and during that time, he served on
the authority's board of directors and on a congressional review board that
oversaw the agency.

Authority spokeswoman Tara Hamilton said Mineta would be used "on an as-needed
basis to provide advice and counsel."

"We think we could benefit from his quite extensive experience," she said.

Mineta is traveling, a Hill & Knowlton spokeswoman said. Two phone messages left
with his office in recent days were not returned.

The airports authority employs an in-house governmental affairs manager. Its
interest in Mineta reflects a deepening anxiety about the proposed 23-mile Metro
extension from Falls Church to Dulles International Airport, which has been on
the drafting boards for more than 40 years. The airports authority would oversee
construction.

The Federal Transit Administration, an agency of the Department of
Transportation, is assessing the project's cost-effectiveness to determine
whether it qualifies for a $900 million federal grant. The transit agency has
expressed concern about the estimated price of the project's 11.6-mile first
phase, from East Falls Church through Tysons Corner to Reston, which has grown
from $1.52 billion in December 2004 to $2.8 billion, by some estimates.

The federal agency warned state and local officials last week that they have to
shave about $275 million from the project's budget or lose federal funding.

Mineta's presence would give the airports authority a stronger voice at the
Federal Transit Administration at a critical moment.

"He can advise us on a lot of issues across the board," Hamilton said. "And rail
is obviously one of them."

Mineta would be the newest addition to a muscular lineup of Washington and
Richmond insiders enlisted by stakeholders in the Dulles project. Former
transportation secretary William T. Coleman Jr. , a senior partner at the law
firm O'Melveny & Myers, represents the WestGroup, a development company that has
lobbied aggressively to place the Tysons segment of the rail line underground.
The design currently calls for an aboveground track.

Kirk K. Van Tine -- a partner in the Baker Botts law firm who worked in the
Transportation Department from 2001 to 2004, first as general counsel and then
as deputy secretary -- has lobbied Virginia officials on behalf of Dragados, a
Madrid construction company that offered a plan to build a rail tunnel through
Tysons.

Bechtel, the engineering and construction management firm that heads up the
consortium that would build the Dulles extension, is represented by former
Virginia transportation secretary John G. Milliken of Arlington County.

After leaving Congress, Mineta was a vice president of Lockheed Martin, the
aerospace manufacturer. He served as commerce secretary under President Bill
Clinton and stayed on to head the Transportation Department for the Bush White
House.

After the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, Mineta played a major role in
creation of the Transportation Security Administration.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: DC

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           December 20, 2007 Thursday

LOBBY-LAW TARGETS IN ON REG TALK

BYLINE: KENNETH LOVETT Post Correspondent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 269 words


ALBANY - In a move that one critic called a "fox-in-a-chicken coop problem," the
state Public Integrity Commission has quietly been accepting free legal advice
on how to improve lobbying laws from registered lobbyists themselves, The Post
has learned.

Law firm Bryan Cave has provided two attorneys to compare New York's lobbying
and ethics laws to laws in other states and help the commission develop
recommendations to the Legislature by April 1, commission spokesman Walter Ayres
said.

Commission executive director Herbert Teitelbaum is a former partner of Bryan
Cave. According to his biography, he helped formulate the firm's policy on pro
bono - meaning free representation for the public service - and served on its
pro bono committee.

Bryan Cave has lobbied the city and state extensively on New York City real
estate issues, lobbying records how.

"You've got a fox-in-a-chicken coop problem here," said a former member of the
now-defunct state Lobbying Commission.

"There's enough bright lawyers around this government who can develop
regulations."

The two lawyers, Rachel Barber-Schwartz and Evan Bolla, are working on the
project with Florence Peterson, an adjunct professor at Fordham University who
is coordinating the project.

Fordham has in-house lobbyists who are also registered with the commission.

The arrangement has raised eyebrows.

"It's a glaring example of something that may seem to be appropriate to the
person doing it, but may be deemed inappropriate by the people affected by it,"
said David Grandeau, the former executive director of the Lobbying Commission.

(p. 9 in metro)

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                             March 20, 2007 Tuesday

SECTION: MORNING BUSINESS

LENGTH: 210 words


Life After Congress. Former Sen. Rick Santorum (R-Pa.) has joined the
Washington, D.C., office of Eckert Seamans Cherin & Mellott, a
Pennsylvania-based law firm. But don't expect him to pound the halls of Congress
lobbying even after his cooling-off period ends.

Tim Ryan, the firm's CEO, said Santorum will provide behind-the-scenes counsel
to the firm's clients on the legislative and regulatory process, but he will not
make contact with government officials on behalf of clients. "We would never
expect for Sen. Santorum to engage in any lobbying," Ryan said. "On a global
scale, he can provide a lot of good counsel to clients who are navigating the
current business environment."

Eckert Seamans lured Santorum, who lost re-election in 2006, because, Ryan said,
Santorum has "a very close relationship with several of our partners here."

Santorum also serves as a senior fellow with the Ethics and Public Policy Center
and is a contributor to Fox News Channel.

Meanwhile, lobbying and law firm Patton Boggs has added former Texas
gubernatorial candidate and Rep. Chris Bell (D) to its roster. Bell, who will be
of counsel at the firm, will be based out of Patton Boggs' Dallas office and
will focus on public policy, lobbying and regulatory issues.

- Kate Ackley

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Roll Call, Inc.


                              818 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            February 3, 2009 Tuesday

Boeing confident Navy will buy more Super Hornet fighting jets

BYLINE: By Roxana Tiron

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1018 words


After a two-year lobbying push, Boeing is increasingly confident that the Navy
will buy more F-18 E/F Super Hornet fighter jets - keeping the company's
production line humming for at least another eight years. Boeing and its large
supplier base are shifting their strategy. They've fanned out their lobbying for
a new multiyear contract for the Super Hornets to members of Congress outside
the traditional defense committees, where the defense giant spent most of its
capital in the past. The company is also some of shifting some of its argument
to match the economic winds.

Like a growing chorus of defense companies, Boeing argues that Pentagon programs
keep thousands of people employed across the country amid a recession. The
production of the Super Hornet employs 110,000 people in 44 states, said Bob
Gower, vice president for Boeing's F/A-18 programs. Gower emphasized that the
need for more Super Hornets arose well before the economic crisis and the
attendant necessity to stimulate the economy. But the economic benefit is an
added muscle in the lobbying battle, said Gower, who believes the result is
growing momentum in Congress and in the Office of the Secretary of Defense for
the program. Dozens of senators and House lawmakers - from Washington state and
Massachusetts to New York, North Carolina and Missouri - wrote to Defense
Secretary Robert Gates late last year urging him to fund more Super Hornets in
the 2010 budget. Boeing manages the F-18 Hornet program out of St. Louis, and
Sen. Kit Bond (R-Mo.) and Rep. Todd Akin (R-Mo.) have led the charge for several
years to keep the production line open and build more Super Hornets. "We feel
very confident that the time is right for the multiyear [contract] because it is
based on a need that was articulated before the economic meltdown," Gower said
in an interview. "The Navy is headed toward adding quantities of Super Hornet. I
am feeling more confident now than I have to date." Gower stressed, however,
that he does not think it's a done deal and that the situation could change.
"All the indications we see are looking toward a multiyear [contract] of 149
aircraft," Gower said. At a House Armed Services Committee hearing last week,
Gates signaled that the Navy is interested in looking into another multiyear
contract. Gates also told lawmakers that the Pentagon intends to pursue weapons
systems and hardware that represent the "75 percent solution" rather than a
small quantity of "99 percent exquisite systems." This means using more of the
existing technologies that can be continued at a lesser cost instead of more
cutting-edge - and more expensive - technologies. "We've begun to purchase
systems that have more efficient rates for the production lines, and I believe
we can combine budget stability and order rates that take advantage of economies
of scale to lower costs," Gates said. To Boeing, that is an encouraging stance,
Gower said. Boeing will reach the end of a five-year contract with the Navy for
Super Hornets this year. The company is also slated to deliver another 89
aircraft to the Navy beyond the multiyear agreement. Those remaining airplanes
will be delivered by 2012, when the domestic requirement for the Super Hornets
would end. To reach another multiyear contract for 149 aircraft, the Navy would
budget for an additional 60 fighter jets above the 89 that Boeing already is
under contract to build. Combining those numbers would create a quantity large
enough to require a multiyear contract. Boeing argues the Navy would save 10
percent by buying the aircraft under a multiyear contract versus buying the
planes on an annual basis. Under the current five-year contract, Boeing is
projecting to save the Navy about $1 billion. The Navy must submit a
congressionally mandated report by March 1 detailing how it will address the
strike fighter shortfall, how many Super Hornets it needs and what the projected
savings would be from another multiyear contract. The Navy has been looking at a
series of options ranging from adding the minimum of 60 aircraft for the
149-plane contract to as many as 121 more planes for a 210-plane contract over a
five-year period, according to industry sources familiar with the issue. The
procurement of additional Super Hornets is under consideration, but the Navy has
not made a final decision, said Lt. Clay Doss, a Navy spokesman. He added that
specific quantities cannot be discussed until the fiscal 2010 budget is
submitted to Congress. Navy officials, including the chief of naval operations,
have said that the service will face a shortfall of at least 69 fighter jets by
2017. Some predict that number could go as high as 200. The shortfall will
continue until the service completes the procurement of Lockheed Martin's F-35C
Joint Strike Fighters (JSFs) by 2025. The Navy bases its fighter needs on three
assumptions: that older versions of the F-18 (the A through D models) will fly
for another 10,000 hours and won't need to be replaced with the Super Hornet;
that the Navy's variant of the new Lockheed Martin-built Joint Strike Fighter
will be ready over the next decade; and that the Navy will be able to buy 50
JSFs a year. However, the Navy has uncovered problems with plans to extend the
life of its F/A-18 Hornets that could burden efforts to mitigate a shortage of
strike fighter aircraft. The Navy last summer found that keeping the A- through
D-model Hornets flying longer will require additional inspections and
modifications, as well as a longer time out of service. Meanwhile, the Super
Hornet is expected to share carrier decks with the JSF until 2030. The stakes
are high for Boeing. The company fears that it could be inched out of the
domestic fighter jet business if the Navy does not buy more Hornets after 2012.
Boeing and Lockheed are the only two U.S. fighter assembly companies. Boeing
officials fear that by the time the Navy or Air Force wants a new strike fighter
or bomber, Lockheed will be the only company with the design, engineering and
production capability left to step up to the plate if the Super Hornet is phased
out.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2009 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              May 23, 2006 Tuesday

Fix lobbying loophole

BYLINE: Intelligencer Journal Staff

SECTION: A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 515  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Here's an easy Q. & A.

Name the only state in the union without a lobbyist disclosure law.

If you said Pennsylvania, you get an "A'' in public affairs.

Pennsylvania remains the lone holdout when it comes to regulating lobbyists.
That means lobbyists can buy influence through meals, gifts and the kind of
things that got Jack Abramoff and his congressional cohorts indicted.

Rumor has it that some lobbyists are so tired of being shaken down by lawmakers
even they are pushing for reform.

So where does lobbying reform stand? Right next to property tax reform and a
host of other good ideas that languish in state House and Senate committees due
to a lack of interest.

Until now. Last week's primary election upsets have some people talking about
reform the way meteorologists talk about a gathering storm: It has their
attention.

Whether anything comes of reform, however, is open to debate.

You see, the General Assembly passed lobbying reform four years ago. Problem
was, the state Supreme Court voided it, saying that only it had the right to
regulate attorneys, some of whom also serve as lobbyists.

Last summer, the state Senate approved a bill requiring that lobbyists be
registered and that they disclose their affiliations and how much they spend.

In fact, much of Senate Bill 1 mirrors the Senate's own rules. After the
previous law was struck down, a bipartisan state Senate statutorily put in place
lobbying restrictions governing that body.

But the bill has never received much attention from the state House, which,
until recently, ignored the issue altogether. Now, House Speaker John Perzel,
who previously disdained the need for such legislation, says he wants to
assemble a panel to study the issue.

What's to study? Senate Bill 1 is necessary if state government is to become
more transparent. Openness in government was one of the key issues in last
week's primary upsets.

One school of thought is that Sens. Bob Jubelirer, Senate pro tem, and David
Brightbill, majority leader, who were ousted last week, will attempt to pass
lobbying reform and property tax reform as a way to cap their legacies.

State Sen. Noah Wenger, a Stevens Republican, said he believes both issues have
a chance at passage. The alternative, he said, "is a stalemate, which is not in
the best interests of our people.''

Lobbying reform is not a partisan issue. Both chambers approved it four years
ago. Senate Bill 1 addresses the language the state Supreme Court found
objectionable.

State Rep. Mike Sturla, a Lancaster Democrat, said he doesn't yet have a sense
of the political dynamics in Harrisburg following the primary.

"You hope they get religion and do these things,'' Sturla said of House
Republicans. But his intuition tells him that it will be tough enough passing a
budget by July 1 and preparing for the fall elections, much less working on
lobbying disclosure or property tax reform.

The public can alter that equation. They can demand that the House hold a floor
vote on lobbying reform.

Given the results of last Tuesday, we doubt many House members would vote
against a bill that makes so much sense.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: IN OUR VIEW

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              820 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 29, 2007 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Finding Consolation In a Consolidation

BYLINE: By DANNY HAKIM

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; THE EMPIRE ZONE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 293 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


David Grandeau, the executive director of the Temporary State Commission on
Lobbying, has been reading fine print lately.

Specifically, he has been looking at controversial new legislation announced
last week by Gov. Eliot Spitzer and legislative leaders that would merge the
lobbying commission with the State Ethics Commission. Government watchdog groups
are concerned that, among other things, Mr. Grandeau could find himself out of a
job in the new commission.

Mr. Grandeau, below, who is seen as one of the few pursuers of corruption in the
capital, sees at least a temporary silver lining.

Stiff new penalties for lobbying violations would take effect 30 days after the
bill is signed, but the merged commission would not come into being until 180
days after the signing, he noted.

''So for 150 days, the existing lobby commission and its existing executive
director will have the ability to enforce the new gift ban and impose the new
fine structure,'' he said. ''I can assure you, I won't be bashful about taking
advantage of this new power.''

What is this new power, exactly? Presently, there is a $25,000 maximum penalty
for not reporting a lobbying expense. That would increase under the new proposal
to either a $25,000 maximum or three times the amount one failed to disclose,
whichever is greater; penalties are even more severe for making false filings.

Getting caught could be expensive. In 1999, for instance, Philip Morris was
fined $75,000 for a number of violations after underreporting by more than
$300,000 its lobbying activities. Under new rules, such a violation could bring
a fine of almost $1 million.

Of the new rules, Mr. Grandeau said, ''That's pretty exciting.''

No wonder this man has so many enemies in the capital.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              821 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                           November 30, 2004 Tuesday

Lobbyist Fights Increased Restrictions

BYLINE: By WILLIAM F. HAMMOND JR., Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 444 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


One of the state Capitol's top lobbyists is fighting proposals to expand and
strengthen New York's lobbying law, arguing they would infringe on the
constitutional rights of New Yorkers to express political views and to petition
their government.

Testifying at a hearing yesterday, lobbyist James Featherstonhaugh said
broadening the definition of lobbying to include any attempt to influence a
government decision - a proposal of the Lobbying Commission and Attorney General
Eliot Spitzer - would potentially subject thousands of ordinary citizens and
small businesses to fines for failing to comply with onerous reporting
requirements

He also objected to Mr. Spitzer's proposal to prohibit most forms of lobbying
for government contracts, saying the state has no right to restrict so severely
how citizens communicate with public officials.

"The key to building a lobbying law is to balance the public's rights under the
First Amendment with the right of the public to know who is doing what," Mr.
Featherstonhaugh told The New York Sun after the hearing. "The suggestion that
you wouldn't be allowed to approach a government official about contracts - or
whatever else it might be - flies in the face of everything our government is
about."

Mr. Featherstonhaugh, whose firm represents a long list of corporations, labor
unions, and other interest groups at the Capitol, said he was speaking as a
citizen and professional lobbyist, not on behalf of any of his clients.

The state's current lobbying law applies only when a person or group spends at
least $2,000 a year to influence legislation or rule-making. It does not apply
when businesses and individuals apply for ordinary permits or seek government
contracts. Advocates of broadening the definition say the law allows too much
influence-peddling to go on outside the public view.

A spokeswoman for Mr. Spitzer, Christine Pritchard, said the state awards most
contracts on the basis of competitive bidding, which should be an objective
process.

"If these bids are going to the lowest responsible proposals, and those
proposals are being reviewed and decided upon based on the merits, common sense
would dictate there would be no room for lobbying," Ms. Pritchard said.
"Attempts to lobby would be attempts to circumvent that process."

Mr. Spitzer and government watchdog groups have also called for banning
lobbyists from giving gifts to the government officials they are trying to
influence. The law currently permits gifts that do not exceed $75. The Lobbying
Commission wants to remove the current restriction, which it says is difficult
to enforce, but require lobbyists to disclose all gifts in their public reports.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            March 10, 2005 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

STADIUM PR WAR SCORES BIG FOR LOBBYISTS

BYLINE: BY JOE MAHONEY DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 269 words


ALBANY - A $30 million public relations battle over the proposed football
stadium on Manhattan's West Side pushed spending by lobbyists to a record high
last year.

In the most expensive campaign ever fought over a single issue in New York,
Cablevision and Madison Square Garden spent $22.1 million in 2004 to defeat the
stadium.

The Jets spent $6.8 million to promote the project, according to the state
Lobbying Commission.

In all, spending on lobbying in 2004 totaled $144 million - a 20% jump over the
previous record total of $120 million, set a year earlier.

Rachel Leon, executive director of the New York chapter of Common Cause, said
the costly stadium campaign leaves ordinary folks on the sidelines.

"We're in a sad state when the people's voices aren't heard because money is
doing the talking," Leon said.

Most of the money from the Jets-Cablevision battle was poured into dueling TV
ads. But the two sides also hired several politically connected operatives.

Among those retained by MSG and Cablevision: former Sen. Al D'Amato; Patricia
Lynch, the former top aide to Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver; Kenneth Bruno,
son of state Senate GOP leader Joe Bruno; Randy Mastro, former deputy mayor
under Rudy Giuliani; Arthur Finkelstein, longtime political strategist to Gov.
Pataki, and the Glover Park Group, a firm that includes Howard Wolfson, an
adviser to Sen. Hillary Clinton.

Rallying support for the Jets have been veteran Democratic strategist Bill
Lynch; longtime Pataki adviser Kieran Mahoney; former Pataki communications
director Michael McKeon, and state GOP lawyer Jeff Buley.

jmahoney@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                              823 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            March 21, 2002, Thursday

STATE LOBBYISTS BAG RECORD $80M TO PEDDLE INFLUENCE

BYLINE: KENNETH LOVETT Post Correspondent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 002

LENGTH: 530 words


ALBANY - A successful campaign for higher wages by the powerful health-care
workers union last year helped push spending on lobbying in New York to a record
$80.4 million.

"Lobbying is a big business in New York state and it's getting bigger," said
state Lobbying Commission Chairman Patrick Bulgaro.

"This is one industry that is recession-proof," added Blair Horner, of the New
York Public Interest Research Group.

The lobbying industry has boomed since 1978, when just $5.7 million was spent on
trying to influence lawmakers.

The $80.4 million paid last year to nearly 3,000 lobbyists by 1,640 clients
represented a 14 percent increase over the $66.3 million spent in 2000.

No one special interest paid more to get their messages across to state
lawmakers than the total of $18.2 million shelled out by the health-care
industry.

Topping the list was the $2.85 million spent by health-care workers union Local
1199, headed by Dennis Rivera, who earlier this year won approval from Pataki
and legislative leaders for a measure guaranteeing raises for his members.

Rivera endorsed Pataki for re-election Tuesday.

No lobbyist had a more impressive showing than Patricia Lynch, a former top aide
to Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver.

In her first year on the job, Lynch raked in more than $1.1 million - the 10th
highest among lobbyists in the state, and an astounding figure for a small
operation in its first year.

Among Lynch's clients were Avis Rent-a-Car, Madison Square Garden, the Long
Island Power Authority and several congressmen looking to protect their
districts from being eliminated.

Critics say Lynch is unfairly cashing in on her connections to Silver.

Even some commission members said state law should be changed to require more
time between when top legislative aides leave the Legislature and when they
start lobbying.

The firm of Wilson, Elser, Moskowitz, Edelman & Dicker topped the lobbyist list
for the third straight year, reporting $4.9 million for 92 clients.

Wilson Elser counts Arthur Andersen and the Hotel Association of New York City
among its clients.

A coalition of government-reform groups used the release of the Lobbying
Commission report to call for an overhaul of the state's lobbying and
campaign-finance laws.

"It's really a combination of cash and connections that leads to corruption in
Albany," said Rachel Leon, executive director of Common Cause-NY.

HEY, BIG SPENDER

The Top 10 spenders on special-interest lobbying in Albany last year:

1. Local 1199 (health-care workers), $2.85 million

2. Empire Blue Cross & Blue Shield, $1.43 million

3. State Medical Society, $1.12 million

4. Public Employees Federation, $934,835

5. Civil Service Employees Association, $933,381

6. Greater New York Hospital Association, $765,660

7. Empire State Association of Adult Homes & Assisted Living Facilities,
$706,913

8. Business Council of NYS, $702,651

9. Philip Morris Management Corp., $702,603

10. Healthcare Association of New York State, $633,707


LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Hospital workers union boss Dennis Rivera appears to have become Gov.
Pataki's pet lobbyist. N.Y. Post: Bolivar Arellano

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              824 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                              June 29, 2012 Friday
                             Politifact.com Edition

NO PROGRESS ON PROMISE ABOUT LOBBYISTS

BYLINE: AMY SHERMAN

SECTION: POLITIFACT: FLORIDA

LENGTH: 744 words


Require lobbying disclosures and create restrictions on lobbying county
government

Avoid conflicts in interests in county lobbying activities by requiring public
disclosures related to lobbying activities and prohibiting any person or entity
who lobbies on the county's behalf from lobbying county government on behalf of
others during such county representation.

Sources: Norman Braman eight-point plan

Subjects: Ethics

* * *

CARLOS-O-METER: PROMISE BROKEN

Carlos Gimenez vowed to create more transparency about lobbying.

During the 2011 campaign, Gimenez signed a pledge vowing several reforms by
Norman Braman, the wealthy auto magnate who led the recall of the previous
mayor. Here is what the pledge said about lobbying:

"Avoid conflicts of interests in county lobbying activities by requiring public
disclosures related to lobbying activities and prohibiting any person or entity
who lobbies on the county's behalf from lobbying county government on behalf of
others during such county representation."

Miami Dade already requires those who lobby the county to register with the
clerk of the board. Persons or entities that employ a lobbyist must file an
activity authorization form, and principals and lobbyists must file forms
stating that the lobbyists will not get any contingency or success fees -- for
example, for getting a particular law passed. Registered lobbyists are required
to file lobbyist expenditure reports with the Clerk of the Board detailing
lobbying expenses. The public can also look up the names of lobbyists to read
their clients or the name of a firm or entity and see who is registered to lobby
on their behalf. Lobbyists can seek waivers of conflicts of interest -- the
Miami-Dade Ethics Commission makes a recommendation and the Commission has the
final say.

While Gimenez was a county commissioner running for mayor, he sponsored a
resolution asking voters to amend the charter to state that the county shall not
enter into contracts with lobbyists unless the contracts forbid the lobbyists
from lobbying the county on behalf of other entities during the term of
contract. That resolution failed May 3, 2011.

In March the county commission voted to require lobbyists to undergo ethics
training. But a committee of county commissioners voted down a proposal that
would make them double the amount of the time they have to wait to four years
before leaving office to return as lobbyists.

Braman told us in a March interview that the main point of the lobbying portion
of the pledge was to prohibit county lobbyists from lobbying on behalf of other
clients before the county.

Gimenez doesn't consider the Braman pledge he signed as equal to his campaign
promises, according to his spokeswoman Suzy Trutie.

"After consulting with the Mayor, he considers his campaign promises to be the
promises he made during the campaign. He signed Mr. Braman's covenant because he
agrees with, and/or, supports Mr. Braman's proposals. The Mayor's immediate
priorities are the Fiscal Year 2012-2013 budget, implementing his reorganization
plan, and charter review. His long term priorities include reviewing the
proposals in Mr. Braman's covenant and exploring the feasibility of each one."

We understand that a mayor has to prioritize some goals above others. But we
think that by signing Braman's pledge, along with other candidates, during the
campaign that the statements in the pledge constitute campaign promises. And
when we sent a copy of the promises we would evaluate Gimenez on after he won
and before we unveiled the Carlos-O-Meter, his office did not dispute the Braman
pledge promises at the time.

If Gimenez re-visits lobbying reform we will re-examine this item but for now we
rate this Promise Broken.

* * *

Sources:

Miami-Dade County, Commission item about ethics training for lobbyists, March 6,
2012

Miami-Dade County Clerk of the Board, Lobbyist registration, Accessed March 8,
2012

Miami Herald, "Miami-Dade Commissioners criticize new ethics rules on tickets,"
March 6, 2012

Miami Herald, "Miami-Dade Commissioners kill effort to extend post-tenure
lobbying ban," March 14, 2012

Interview, Keith Knowles, Miami-Dade County lobbyist registrar, March 8, 2012

Interview, Kimberly Maroe, Broward County spokeswoman, March 6, 2012

Interview, Joe Centorino, Miami-Dade Ethics Commission executive director, March
6, 2012

Interview, Norman Braman, businessman, March 8, 2012

Interview, Suzy Trutie, spokeswoman for Miami-Dade County, March 12 and June 19,
2012

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2012 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              825 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     December 1, 1989, Friday, City Edition

'Lobbying' by Martinez counsel barred

BYLINE: DIANE RADO

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 594 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



TALLAHASSEE - A deeply divided Florida Commission on Ethics decided    Thursday
that Gov. Bob Martinez's general counsel should not meet    individually with
lawmakers to discuss legislative business.

     The 4-3 decision came after a lengthly debate about what voters    intended
when they passed the "Sunshine Amendment" to the Florida    Constitution 13
years ago. That amendment prohibits former legislators    from lobbying the
Legislature for two years.

     Peter Dunbar, from Pinellas County, gave up his state House seat in
September 1988 to become general counsel to Martinez.

     Controversy erupted during the last Legislative session when Dunbar
began to meet individually with lawmakers, and House Speaker Tom    Gustafson
declared the practice unconstitutional because of the    Sunshine Amendment.

     Dunbar, who did not consider his activities as lobbying, asked the
Ethics Commission to review the matter. The commission's staff    concluded that
Dunbar should not meet individually with lawmakers on    legislative matters of
interest to the governor because it would    constitute "personal representation
of the governor for    compensation."

     However, the staff said Dunbar could appear before legislative
committees if invited by the chairmen.

     The debate Thursday concerned whether to accept the staff's
recommendation, and whether that recommendation too broadly interpreted    the
meaning of the Sunshine Amendment that was pushed by former Gov.    Reubin
Askew.

     Ethics Commission Chairman Richard Gilbert argued Thursday that    voters
who passed the amendment in 1976 did not intend to prohibit    public employees
like Dunbar from doing his job.

     The point of the amendment was to prohibit former lawmakers from
lobbying for private gain, Gilbert said. "When public officials are    doing the
lobbying, I would suggest that public interest is being    served," Gilbert
said. He added: "I would suggest his (Dunbar's)    lobbying efforts are in the
furtherance of public interest."

     However, Gilbert could not persuade all of his colleagues to agree    with
him. In a 4-3 vote, the ethics commission defeated a motion that    would
interpret the Sunshine Amendment as not applying to full-time,    public
employees.

     Ethics commission member Dean Bunch was the most adamant about    strictly
interpreting the amendment. He emphasized that the lobbying    restriction only
applies to former lawmakers for two years. "We're not    talking about a
lifetime ban here," Bunch said.

     In another 4-3 vote, the commission finally decided to accept its    staff
recommendation with one exception: Dunbar can meet with a    legislative
committee if the committee votes to invite him. Under the    staff
recommendation, only the chairman of the committee could issue    the
invitation.

     Dunbar criticized the Ethics Commission decision, saying it is a    "slap
in the face" to Askew and others who campaigned and voted for    the Sunshine
Amendment.

     "The Ethics Commission, by its decision, bastardized the spirit of    this
amendment," Dunbar said.

     Asked to comment on the one exception made by the commission - to    allow
a full committee to vote on inviting him to appear - Dunbar said:    "We're
dealing with degrees of ridiculous, so what difference does it    make."



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Peter Dunbar

                            Times Publishing Company


                              826 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           January 19, 2006 Thursday

Editorial | Congress and Lobbying Rules First, change your ways

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 552 words


If lobbyists were germs, Washington soon would be disease-free.

From the left and the right in Congress, lawmakers are pushing plans to crack
down on lobbyists and their gift-giving. Soon, members of Congress won't be able
to accept anything more costly than a key chain.

The point of this congressonal stampede is to enable members to distance
themselves from the widespread, wheeler-dealer abuses of convicted lobbyist Jack
Abramoff.

Listen carefully and you can hear the whiny excuse-making beneath the reform
proposals: If only these unscrupulous deal-makers would stop tempting us with
trips abroad, all would be well.

Not really. The root problem isn't what lobbyists do. It is lawmakers' habits,
motives and lack of ethics. They are the more important half of this symbiotic
sleaziness. Too much of what they do is aimed at self-preservation.

There's nothing wrong with cutting the gift limit from $50 to $20. But it pales
against the popular practice of lawmakers doling out costly pork-barrel projects
to their home districts to favor the supporters who finance reelection
campaigns. These "earmarks" have reached record levels recently in Congress.
Banning them would stop pols from using tax money as an incumbency protection
fund and would limit the growth of the deficit. Earmarks, often inserted into a
spending bill by a single lawmaker at the last minute without debate, are part
of the lucre sought by lobbyists for their clients.

Among the most eye-catching newcomers to the proposed crackdown on lobbying is
Sen. Rick Santorum (R., Pa.). Along with former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay
(R., Texas), Santorum has been instrumental in promoting a GOP resurgence on K
Street, the street that's symbolic of Washington lobbying. Five years ago, the
complaint of Santorum, DeLay et al. was that Republicans didn't dominate in the
top lobbying firms. Abramoff, a close friend of DeLay, became one of the most
powerful lobbyists to emerge during this bare-knuckle bid to insist that
lobbying firms hire only GOP insiders. Now Sen. Frankenstein is teaming up with
Sen. John McCain (R., Ariz.) to try to tame the monster.

Santorum does have credibility in backing the proposal to clamp down on
privately funded travel. In the last six years, Santorum has taken only $7,717
worth of trips paid by private groups, ranking him near the bottom of Congress.
Near the top of the list is Rep. John Boehner (R., Ohio), who has accepted
$157,604 in privately funded travel. This fellow says he's the "reformer" who
should succeed the disgraced DeLay. The top Democratic recipient in our region
is Sen. Joseph L. Biden of Delaware, at $138,734.

No matter how self-interested the timing, it's good Congress is mulling these
overdue reforms. Doubling the waiting period for a lawmaker to become a lobbyist
from one year to two is a good idea. Stronger lobbyist disclosure rules for
lobbyists would shed more light on how things work.

But here's a pertinent question: Who will enforce these new rules? A House
ethics committee that cannot even agree on how to organize itself? No good
answer has emerged yet.

Reform is not just about making rules. It's about enforcing them. It's about
changing habits that invite abuse. Most of all, it's about having solid personal
ethics, so you don't need rules to tell you what's wrong.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                   SEPTEMBER 28, 2000 Thursday SFCITY EDITION

COURT COULD INVALIDATE LOBBY LAW IF LOBBYISTS ARE LAWYERS, ONLY THE JUDICIARY
CAN REGULATE THEM, AN APPEAL SAID. THE CASE IS BEFORE THE PA. HIGH COURT.

BYLINE: Thomas Fitzgerald, INQUIRER HARRISBURG BUREAU

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 668 words

DATELINE: HARRISBURG


What, exactly, does the "practice of law" mean? If an attorney takes a
legislator golfing or buys dinner for an administration official to pursue a
client's interests in the political arena, is that lawyering or lobbying?

Those questions lie at the heart of a pending case that will determine the fate
of Pennsylvania's new law requiring the disclosure of money spent by
individuals, groups and companies seeking to influence government policy.

The state Supreme Court is considering the state's appeal of a Commonwealth
Court decision that declared the year-old law unconstitutional. Because some
lobbyists are lawyers, the appeals court said, in a 4-3 decision in May, the
reporting requirements of the law impermissibly infringe upon the judicial
branch's constitutional power to regulate attorneys.

The law remains in effect during the appeal.

A Harrisburg lawyer-lobbyist named Richard J. Gmerek filed the challenge last
year, arguing that, under the Pennsylvania Constitution, only the Supreme Court
has the authority to establish rules of conduct for lawyers and to discipline
them. He represents a host of corporate clients, including AT&T, one of the
biggest spenders the last 10 months with $1.9 million in lobbying expenses.

Gmerek, who also represents the Philadelphia Gas Works and the city's Water
Department, declined to comment. His concerns were echoed in a brief filed by
the American Civil Liberties Union, which also says the law is unconstitutional.

If the Supreme Court holds that lawyers are exempt, the entire
lobbyist-disclosure law would be invalidated. In writing it, the legislature
included a clause that said if any section of the statute were to be ruled
unconstitutional, the whole law must go.

Advocates of open government worry that such a result would throw Pennsylvania
back to the days when it had one of the weakest lobbying laws in the nation.

Appeals courts in California, Michigan and Montana have recently ruled in
similar cases that lawyers are covered by lobbyist-disclosure laws. Legal
analysts say the Pennsylvania justices could go either way.

While the Pennsylvania court in general has jealously guarded its power over
lawyers, it issued opinions in two cases since 1998 establishing that lawyers
who work for state and local governments cannot claim exemption from ethics laws
that apply to all public employees.

In one of those cases, involving an Erie city solicitor who argued that he was
exempt from the state's conflict-of-interest law, the Supreme Court said that
the court's jurisdiction over lawyers, "is not infringed when a regulation aimed
at conduct is applied to all persons and some of those persons happen to be
attorneys."

There are 827 lobbyists registered to work in Harrisburg, according to the state
Ethics Commission, which administers the law. It is unclear how many are also
lawyers because the commission does not collect that information.

The Commonwealth Court found that it doesn't matter what a lawyer-lobbyist is
doing for a client, that his mere status as a lawyer makes him subject only to
Supreme Court regulation and discipline.

"When a lawyer is engaged by a client to vindicate this most fundamental of
constitutional rights [to petition government], the lawyer must be deemed to be
engaged in the 'practice of law' on that client's behalf," Judge James R. Kelley
wrote for the majority.

In his dissent, Judge Jim Flaherty said the lobbying act already meets Kelley's
objection by exempting lawyers from the law's disclosure requirements when they
represent clients before regulatory agencies or bodies.

As to the larger issue of whether a lawyer lobbying for a client can be covered
by the law, Flaherty answered by making this point: A lawyer who is a Realtor is
subject to losing his real estate license for bad acts, and nobody would say
selling houses is the practice of law just because a lawyer does it.

Thomas Fitzgerald's e-mail address is tfitzgerald@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 17, 2015 Saturday

Missouri: Senator Blunt Would Have Been Speaker Blunt If Only

LENGTH: 571 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Jefferson City: Democratic Party has issued the following news release:




 JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. - As House Republicans in Washington descend into chaos in
their search for a new Speaker, it is important to remember that Senator Blunt
was once thought to be a future Speaker of the House.


 In 2006, then-Interim Majority Leader Blunt lost his race to become full-time
Majority Leader to the now soon to be retired Speaker Boehner. When asked about
why Senator Blunt lost the race, lawmakers said &ldquo;that his deep ties to the
lobbying effort, his status-quo agenda, and his close relationship with ex-House
Majority Leader Rep. Tom DeLay, R-Texas, helped doom his bid.&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Senator Blunt lost a leadership bid in the House for the same reason
that he should not represent Missourians in the Senate, he has aligned himself
with corrupt politicians and consistently fought for powerful DC
lobbyists,&rdquo; said Chris Hayden, Missouri Democratic Party spokesman.
&ldquo;Missourians are tired of politics as usual in Washington, and Senator
Blunt is at the center of the problem. When your colleagues are concerned with
your ties to the lobbying community, it is a telltale sign that your time in
public service has run its course.&rdquo;

 BACKGROUND:
 2006: Blunt Lost Bid For House GOP Majority Leader And Presumptive Next GOP
Speaker In An Upset To John Boehner. &ldquo;House Republicans on Thursday
elected U.S. Rep. John Boehner of Ohio as majority leader. He upset Rep. Roy
Blunt of Missouri in a 122-109 vote on the second ballot. Rep. John Shadegg of
Arizona dropped out of the running after the first ballot.&rdquo; [CNN, 2/6/06]


  Lawmakers Said Blunt's &ldquo;Deep Ties To The Lobbying Effort, His Status-Quo
Agenda, And His Close Relationship With&hellip; Delay, Helped Doom His
Bid.&rdquo; &ldquo;In a surprise turnabout, House Republicans rejected Roy
Blunt's bid for House Majority leader Thursday, opting to put a new face at the
leadership table amid a sea of discontent, desire for reform, and election-year
jitters&hellip;Lawmakers said that his deep ties to the lobbying effort, his
status-quo agenda, and his close relationship with ex-House Majority Leader Rep.
Tom DeLay, R-Texas, helped doom his bid. DeLay was forced to step aside after a
Texas grand jury indicted him last year; he also is under scrutiny in the Jack
Abramoff lobbying scandal.&rdquo; [St. Louis Post-Dispatch, 2/3/06]




  Blunt Lost As GOP Sought &ldquo;Fresh Face&rdquo; To Distance Themselves From
K-Street Lobbying Community And The Delay And Abramoff Scandals Blunt Had Ties
To. &ldquo;Boehner's ascension comes as other Republicans have raised concerns
about an extensive influence-peddling probe involving lobbyist Jack Abramoff,
who pleaded guilty to corruption charges in January and agreed to cooperate with
prosecutors. DeLay announced January 7 that he would not try to reclaim the
House majority leader post, although he said he will seek re-election in his
Houston area district in November. DeLay also has ties to Abramoff. The race for
majority leader appeared to turn on the desire for members to present a fresh
face to the public and distance themselves from Washington's K Street, or
lobbyist, community. Blunt was a part of DeLay's leadership team and has ties to
K Street. [CNN, 2/6/06]



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutioLondon:

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              829 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 17, 2015 Saturday

Missouri: Senator Blunt Would Have Been Speaker Blunt If Only Copy

LENGTH: 571 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Jefferson City: Democratic Party has issued the following news release:




 JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. - As House Republicans in Washington descend into chaos in
their search for a new Speaker, it is important to remember that Senator Blunt
was once thought to be a future Speaker of the House.


 In 2006, then-Interim Majority Leader Blunt lost his race to become full-time
Majority Leader to the now soon to be retired Speaker Boehner. When asked about
why Senator Blunt lost the race, lawmakers said &ldquo;that his deep ties to the
lobbying effort, his status-quo agenda, and his close relationship with ex-House
Majority Leader Rep. Tom DeLay, R-Texas, helped doom his bid.&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Senator Blunt lost a leadership bid in the House for the same reason
that he should not represent Missourians in the Senate, he has aligned himself
with corrupt politicians and consistently fought for powerful DC
lobbyists,&rdquo; said Chris Hayden, Missouri Democratic Party spokesman.
&ldquo;Missourians are tired of politics as usual in Washington, and Senator
Blunt is at the center of the problem. When your colleagues are concerned with
your ties to the lobbying community, it is a telltale sign that your time in
public service has run its course.&rdquo;

 BACKGROUND:
 2006: Blunt Lost Bid For House GOP Majority Leader And Presumptive Next GOP
Speaker In An Upset To John Boehner. &ldquo;House Republicans on Thursday
elected U.S. Rep. John Boehner of Ohio as majority leader. He upset Rep. Roy
Blunt of Missouri in a 122-109 vote on the second ballot. Rep. John Shadegg of
Arizona dropped out of the running after the first ballot.&rdquo; [CNN, 2/6/06]


  Lawmakers Said Blunt's &ldquo;Deep Ties To The Lobbying Effort, His Status-Quo
Agenda, And His Close Relationship With&hellip; Delay, Helped Doom His
Bid.&rdquo; &ldquo;In a surprise turnabout, House Republicans rejected Roy
Blunt's bid for House Majority leader Thursday, opting to put a new face at the
leadership table amid a sea of discontent, desire for reform, and election-year
jitters&hellip;Lawmakers said that his deep ties to the lobbying effort, his
status-quo agenda, and his close relationship with ex-House Majority Leader Rep.
Tom DeLay, R-Texas, helped doom his bid. DeLay was forced to step aside after a
Texas grand jury indicted him last year; he also is under scrutiny in the Jack
Abramoff lobbying scandal.&rdquo; [St. Louis Post-Dispatch, 2/3/06]




  Blunt Lost As GOP Sought &ldquo;Fresh Face&rdquo; To Distance Themselves From
K-Street Lobbying Community And The Delay And Abramoff Scandals Blunt Had Ties
To. &ldquo;Boehner's ascension comes as other Republicans have raised concerns
about an extensive influence-peddling probe involving lobbyist Jack Abramoff,
who pleaded guilty to corruption charges in January and agreed to cooperate with
prosecutors. DeLay announced January 7 that he would not try to reclaim the
House majority leader post, although he said he will seek re-election in his
Houston area district in November. DeLay also has ties to Abramoff. The race for
majority leader appeared to turn on the desire for members to present a fresh
face to the public and distance themselves from Washington's K Street, or
lobbyist, community. Blunt was a part of DeLay's leadership team and has ties to
K Street. [CNN, 2/6/06]



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutioLondon:

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              830 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             July 23, 2009 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Devon ramps up lobbying ;
ENERGY;
SECOND-QUARTER SPENDING EXCEEDS ALL OF 2008

BYLINE: CHRIS CASTEEL, Washington Bureau <br> ccasteel@opubco.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 464 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - Faced with "an extremely challenging environment" for the oil and
gas industry, Devon Energy Corp. ramped up its Washington lobbying expenditures
in the second quarter of this year, spending more in three months than it did
all of last year.

According to a report filed with the U.S. Senate this week, the Oklahoma
City-based energy company spent $715,000 on lobbying in the three-month period
ending June 30. The bulk of that money was attributed to lobbying on climate
change legislation and other bills relating to energy production. In the first
half of 2009, Devon has spent $770,000 on lobbying; the company reported a total
of $615,000 in lobbying expenditures in all of 2008.

"This is a very unusual time in Washington," Devon spokesman Chip Minty said
Wednesday. "It's an extremely challenging environment."

Taxes, control fought

Besides climate change legislation, energy companies are trying to fend off a
proposal by President Barack Obama to raise taxes on the industry by $80 billion
and a legislative effort to regulate a drilling method - hydraulic fracturing -
used in most projects.

Chesapeake Energy spent $165,000 on lobbying in the second quarter of this year,
only $5,000 more than the same quarter in 2008. But Anadarko Petroleum, a major
natural gas producer based in Texas, spent $665,000, up from $415,000 in the
second quarter of 2008.

The utility company OG&E, which is also lobbying on climate change legislation,
reported spending $150,000 in the second quarter, $30,000 more than in the
second quarter of 2008.

Gas use promoted

According to a recent story in the publication Environment and Energy Daily, the
natural gas industry is lagging far behind utilities in lobbying expenditures
this year as the industries jockey for position in the global warming debate.

Minty said natural gas companies have been trying to convey the message that
natural gas can play an important role in reducing carbon emissions because the
gas burns twice as cleanly as coal, it's inexpensive and it's abundant.

He said Devon doesn't oppose climate change legislation.

"But we don't believe (the House-passed bill) is an effective solution to the
problem it's supposed to solve," Minty said.

Key senators are working behind the scenes on climate change legislation, but no
committee or floor action is expected until this fall.

The lobbying expenditures reported by Devon this week include dues to
organizations such as the American Petroleum Institute - Devon Chairman and CEO
Larry Nichols is the current chairman of API - and America's Natural Gas
Alliance, a coalition of companies promoting natural gas usage, Minty said.

The reported expenditures include employee time spent researching legislation,
paying outside consultants and travel costs, Minty said.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Employee Benefit News

                                    May 2010

SHRM advances on the Hill to crank up HR advocacy

BYLINE: Lydell C. Bridgeford

SECTION: CAPITOL HILL; Pg. 1 Vol. 24 No. 6

LENGTH: 952  words


The push is on to get more HR/benefits professionals to realize that all
politics is local. Leading the charge, the Society for Human Resource Management
is stepping up its state lobbying efforts.

SHRM recently held its employment law and legislative conference in Washington,
D.C., an event where SHRM members from around the country come to the nation's
capital to visit their congressional representatives. SHRM staffers conduct a
policy briefing with members before they visit congressional lawmakers and their
staffers.

Workplace policies are increasingly becoming a staple of American politics. SHRM
realizes that state lobbying efforts are essential to ensure that pro-employer
legislation passes on the state level. "We hope to put HR issues in the front of
state politicians' minds when they are considering state laws," said Recardo
Gibson, member advocacy specialist at SHRM, during a session at the conference.

SHRM hopes that more of its members will become more active on the local level,
so that state politicians will turn to members for advice on legislation that
affects the HR/benefits community. The group is supporting efforts in which its
local chapters will sponsor relationship-building activities with state
legislators and their staff. So far, SHRM has targeted states where it will
intensify its lobbying and advocacy efforts. The states include Alabama,
Arkansas, California, Florida, Kansas, Maine, Nebraska, New York, Rhode Island,
Washington and Wisconsin.

Gibson told attendees that, according to a recent survey by the Congressional
Management Foundation, 60% of Hill staffers said that an in-person visit with
their Senator or House representative was more influential than a letter when it
came to a congressional representative who had not arrived at a firm decision on
a piece of legislation.

"You are the experts, so who better to talk to about HR issues? You can go into
an in-person visit with a politician knowing that you have a wealth of knowledge
on HR polices," Gibson said.

Meanwhile, the main attraction on Capitol Hill - health care reform - also was a
primary topic of discussion at another D.C.-based employer event. At a
conference sponsored by The Employer Council for Flexible Compensation, Karen
Frost, health and welfare outsourcing leader at Hewitt Associates, noted that
some employers may have lost track of their health care strategy because of the
health care reform debate.

Despite health care reform, employers will continue to focus on health care
cost, looking at health and wellness initiatives, making workers more
accountable for their health, creating a culture of health within their
organization and managing health risks by offering incentives, explained Frost.

Create a wellness philosophy first and then build your programs around that
philosophy, Mary Williams, senior counsel of global compensation and benefits at
Coca-Cola Co., told attendees at the conference.

"We have had wellness programs in the past, but they really didn't provide us
with a strategic approach, so we rolled out a new strategy in 2009," said
Williams during a session on health promotion programs.

The company wanted to ensure that its health care benefits supported its
wellness philosophy. Some employers create wellness programs simply because
someone believes employees will find the program attractive, yet the program
doesn't really fall into the company's overall health strategy.

In the past, "we had no communication with the employee that having a healthy
worker within our workforce was important to the company," Williams noted,
adding that the company's mantra is "Live positively."

The new wellness approach entails educating associates so that they can make
informed decisions about their health and providing real incentives for
employees who are interested in the wellness programs.

Last year, Coca-Cola provided $120 to any worker who completed a wellness
assessment. "Today, we have a 50% participation rate. This year, we are offering
up to $180 to workers who participate in certain wellness programs, such as an
online seminar and health coaching," Williams said.

Although the uptick in some wellness initiatives, such as the health coaching,
has been slow, Williams believes that the company's venerable marketing machine
will move the needle on the participation rate.

"We know how to market almost better than anyone else in the world, so we have
done a full-blown marketing blitz aimed at our employees," said Williams,
explaining that job sites now display posters designed at enticing employees to
participate in wellness programs.

The wellness campaign also entails e-mail blasts and ads running on in-house
television monitors. "It's about getting the message out to the employee,
realizing that we had never communicated to the employee that wellness was
important and that we valued healthy employees." Williams noted.

Coca-Cola is in its second year of offering a high-deductible health plan and
its first year of providing a health savings account. The company also is
focusing on disease prevention by offering a pilot program to its Atlanta
employees. An employee can go to one location to receive preventive care tests.
"You don't have to go to several different places for a test, such as an X-ray,
mammogram and electrocardiogram. It's all done in one place," Williams said.

By The Numbers

Employers felt the pinch as their average health care costs increased7.3%e
according to data from Thomson Reuters.

On the radar

Some state-level issues that are on SHRM's radar:

* Background and credit checks

* Domestic partner benefits

* Mandated use of e-verify

* Military leave

* Misclassification of workers

* Union organizing

* Weapons in workplace parking lot

URL: http://www.ebn.benefitnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: EBN


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            August 14, 2007, Tuesday

Patients receive pricey pills

BYLINE: Peeks

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1D

LENGTH: 482 words


It's generally agreed that drug companies and allies make waves lobbying
Congress and state legislatures in West Virginia and across the land.

Presidential hopeful Barack Obama says the pharmaceutical industry has spent a
billion dollars in the past decade lobbying Congress. The effect has been an
ever-rising spiral in the price of prescription drugs.

But it's not only lobbying that the industry commands, it has a public relations
arm that rivals the best and leaves no region untouched in the country.

"Edward Peeks' July 3 column 'Drug safety issue grows' misses the point about
the value of working relationships between pharmaceutical manufacturers and
physicians," Ken Johnson, senior vice president of PhRMA in Washington, D.C.,
commented in the Gazette Readers' forum.

"Company representatives receive extensive professional training and must adhere
to strict guidelines so they can inform physicians and other health-care
providers about new medicines and how they work," Johnson wrote.

Nonetheless, there are West Virginia physicians who say that more is said than
seen about the matter. Consumers say so here and across the country. They know
better in head, heart and pocketbook.

Johnson insists that "importing medicine can be like playing Russian roulette."
The industry sponsored Partnership for Prescription Drugs offers a safer and
more economical way, he says.

But not necessarily less expensive was the point of my column, and the
involvement of doctors in the troubling question about the cost of prescription
drugs.

State Sen. Dan Foster, a Charleston physician, expressed disappointment in the
Pharmaceutical Cost Management Council created by the Legislature three years
ago to help cut the cost of prescription drugs for West Virginians.

The council voted to keep the public in the dark on the names of West Virginia
doctors who receive more than $10,000 a year from representatives of drug
manufacturers.

As to the industry's concern about the safety of foreign-made drugs, Putnam
County physician Sam Henson reported that he researched 34 prescription drugs
and found that 33 of them are made abroad with cheap labor at a profitable
advantage to U.S. manufacturers.

"Two are made in Canada and brought to the United States for sale," Henson said.
"However, the American consumer is not allowed to buy the same drug across the
border, having been told by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the
pharmaceutical distributors that it is not safe to use any medications purchased
there."

What's more, Henson found that an anti-depressant made in England costs only
one-fourth as much in Canada as it does in the United States.

During the recent scrap in Congress, the final vote supported the Bush
administration's FDA, which said it couldn't guarantee the safety of foreign
drugs - just like the pharmaceutical industry said.

Peeks is former business/labor editor of the Gazette.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                              833 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 19, 2004 Thursday

JUDGE 'RAPS' LOBBYING LAW

BYLINE: FREDRIC U. DICKER State Editor

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 192 words


ALBANY - Hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons won a big state court victory yesterday
as a judge tossed out a section of the lobbying law under which he could have
been fined.

Simmons challenged the law after the Lobbying Commission ruled that he and his
aide, former NAACP Executive Director Benjamin Chavis, failed to disclose the
costs of an anti-Rockefeller Drug Law rally last year in Manhattan.

Simmons, founder of Def Jam records and head of the Hip-Hot Summit Action
Network, contended he was merely exercising his right of free speech by backing
the rally and he insisted - and the court agreed - the commission acted without
giving him a fair chance to be heard.

Supreme Court Justice Bernard Malone, of Albany, ruled that two sections of the
law "violate the due-process clauses of both the New York state and the United
States constitutions in failing to provide for notice and a hearing prior to the
commission determining whether a person or entity has knowingly and willfully
violated" the law.

Commission Executive Director David Grandeau called the ruling "no surprise"
since "we've known for some time there are deficiencies in the act."

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              834 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           November 14, 2000, Tuesday

TRUMP IS FINED IN ATTACK ON INDIAN CASINO

BYLINE: By JOE MAHONEY DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 247 words

ALBANY - Mogul Donald Trump and allies who helped him fight an Indian-run casino
proposed for the Catskills will pay a record $250,000 fine to the state Lobbying
Commission, under a settlement signed yesterday.

They also agreed to spend $50,000 on ads that disclose they were behind a public
relations blitz attacking the gaming plan.

The settlement requires Trump to pay $50,000 in penalties, while his casino
strategist Roger Stone and the New York Institute for Law and Society have to
come up with $100,000 each.

The fines are the highest penalty ever assessed by the Lobbying Commission. They
grew out of allegations that Trump and his associates violated the state's
lobbying law by failing to disclose they were mounting the effort to torpedo an
Indian casino planned for the Catskills.

While agreeing to pay the fines, Trump and Co. made no concessions that they had
violated the lobbying law, said Judd Burstein, a lawyer for Stone.

Trump - apparently concerned competition would hurt his Atlantic City casinos -
gave $150,000 to the New York Institute for Law and Society to finance an ad
campaign that took swipes at Gov. Pataki for backing the Indian plan.

The ads contended the St. Regis Mohawk Indian tribe was involved in organized
crime - a claim that infuriated the tribe.

Trump and the institute also have financed a lawsuit brought by two state
legislators who challenged Pataki's authority to issue Indian gambling compacts.


LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                              835 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 11, 2000, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Lobbying Code Puts an End To Lawmakers' Gravy Train

BYLINE: By WINNIE HU

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1404 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, April 10


After years of late-night dinners, indulging in steaks and sweets as eager
lobbyists picked up the tab, State Senator Thomas W. Libous won many a friend
but lost his svelte figure. Then he embraced a sure-fire diet: a new code of
ethics.

Along with the rest of his Senate colleagues, he swore off the meals and gifts
that special interest groups and lobbyists routinely lavished on legislators.
That was four months ago, and Mr. Libous -- 20 pounds lighter -- says his
resolve has not weakened.

"I can honestly tell you, I don't miss it a bit," said Mr. Libous, a Republican
from Binghamton who has served for 12 years. "I'm enjoying this new life in
which I can control what I do in the evening -- and what I can eat."

In these flush times, the Legislature has become a leaner place. Stung by
embarrassing revelations that Philip Morris treated scores of lawmakers to meals
and gifts last year and then underreported the expense, the
Republican-controlled Senate adopted a voluntary ban on lobbyists' gifts of
meals and items worth more than $25. The Democratic-led Assembly refused to go
along, though 12 of its members have individually pledged to abide by the ban.

The new policy has produced a profound change in Albany's longstanding political
culture, where contacts were cultivated and business was conducted over
expensive dinners at a handful of favored restaurants. While there is still
lobbying, the places, the styles, and, in some cases, the amount of money
involved have shifted so dramatically that the new culture has become the
subject of whispers, complaints and even jokes around the capital.

Now, senators can be seen munching sandwiches at their desks, cooking for one
another at night and making do with pizza and Chinese takeout. As lobbyists with
platinum credit cards have canceled their standing dinner reservations, the most
pricey restaurants have gone begging for customers. "Ogden's business has been
severely affected by this change," said Alfred McCormick, whose Ogden's
restaurant has served the Capitol crowd since 1977.

There is no way to tell, of course, how religiously these legislators are
following the new regimen, and several critics are skeptical about their
willpower. "I can tell you that they're grumbling about it, saying it's not fair
and it's pointless, and some of them probably are eating on the sly," said one
senior legislative aide who asked not to be named because the issue has become
so sensitive.

Others question whether the ban on free meals and gifts would make any real
difference in the political process. They say it is no coincidence that
lobbyists are showing up more often at fund-raising events these days, plying
lawmakers with $500 campaign donations instead of $100 dinners. "I don't think
it's made things better for the public," said Norman Adler, a lobbyist who
manages campaigns for several senators. "Money is still being expended by
interest groups on behalf of legislation. It's just a different venue."

But even so, Senator Libous's shrinking waistline is just one indication that a
deeply entrenched lobbying culture has begun to change.

Scores of special interest groups and their lobbyists are chafing nervously
under a new lobbying law passed by the Legislature last year that toughens
disclosure requirements and increases penalties for violations. Wilson, Elser,
Moskowitz, Edelman & Dicker, the highest-paid lobbying firm in the state, has
canceled its annual group dinners with freshman members of the Senate and the
Assembly. Others have taken back complimentary gifts to avoid any hint of
impropriety that could mire them, or the legislators, in another lobbying
scandal.

For instance, the New York chapter of the AAA auto club has long bestowed
honorary memberships, worth about $45, on 100 or so legislators. But Dennis J.
Crossley, the chapter's executive vice president, said he was considering ending
the practice next year because more than one-third of the current memberships
have been declined or belatedly paid for by legislators. "There are a lot of
gray areas," he said. "I think many of them are erring on the side of caution."

Increasingly, a number of special interest groups like labor unions are finding
other ways to spend their money. Instead of splurging on dinners and gifts for
legislators, they are investing in television and radio ads and sophisticated
marketing tools like focus groups and telephone banks to win over their
constituents. In New York, the lobbying industry as a whole reported spending
$12.2 million on advertising last year, compared with just $1.4 million for
social events.

"It's not about what happens in the halls of Albany, it's about what happens in
people's living rooms, that resonates in a far stronger way," said Dennis
Rivera, president of 1199, the health workers' union, which set a precedent for
high-stakes lobbying last year by mounting a multimillion-dollar advertising and
marketing campaign to help assure passage of an ambitious health care program.

Most special interest groups and lobbyists lack such deep pockets, however, and
must rely on more traditional ways of persuasion. To that end, the endless
dinners at coat-and-tie places like Ogden's and Nicole's Bistro were not just to
curry favor with legislators but also to plead their cases for an hour or two
away from the harried pace of the Capitol.

"This whole Philip Morris thing created a picture that only big business
lobbies, and that's not true," said Senator Libous, who used to dine with
lobbyists once or twice a week. "Everyone lobbies. To us, it wasn't a big deal.
It was a much bigger deal to the public."

From 1993 to 1996, Philip Morris treated more than 100 current and former
legislators, along with aides and other officials, to meals and other gifts but
failed to report them to the State Lobbying Commission, as required by law. The
company was fined $75,000 and its chief lobbyist was barred from lobbying the
state government for three years.

Since the State Senate adopted the voluntary ban on meals from lobbyists, a
number of its members have declared that they never liked all that whining and
dining anyway. "I don't have the tolerance for listening to long, painful
stories at dinner," said Senator Nicholas A. Spano, a Republican from
Westchester County, who prefers to cook for his colleagues in his Albany
apartment. "It wasn't an ethics thing, it was indigestion."

Still, critics pointed out that the Senate was in no hurry before to give up the
free meals -- and the Assembly still has not done so. The Senate minority
leader, Martin Connor, a Democrat from Brooklyn, said Republican leaders never
expected the lobbying reform efforts to go so far, and adopted the voluntary
meal-and-gift ban to head off his own challenge to bind members with a formal
Senate rule. "The Republican majority benefited the most from the lobbying," he
said. "There was no way out of it for them."

The Assembly speaker, Sheldon Silver, a Manhattan Democrat, declined to be
interviewed through his spokeswoman, Patricia Lynch.

Last month, the New York chapter of Common Cause, a nonprofit advocacy group,
sent letters to all 150 Assembly members asking them to adopt the Senate's
meal-and-gift ban. So far, 12 have agreed, 6 have refused and the rest have
ignored the request.

"I think the culture in Albany is difficult to change, but this is an
opportunity," said Rachel Leon, the group's executive director. "If some of the
senators are walking around lighter, that may be evidence it's working."

But weight loss is not the only side effect of the lobbying changes. Restaurant
owners and waiters around downtown Albany have lamented the sudden loss of
one-third to one-half of their business on weeknights. They say some of the
regulars -- the lobbyists who were on a first-name basis -- have stood them up.
Fewer legislators drop by, and when they do, they do not eat as freely as
before.

At Nicole's Bistro, where dozens of photographs of politicians line the front
wall, Nancy Calhoun was one of only two legislators dining in the restaurant on
a recent Tuesday evening. After finishing her meal with a friend, Assemblywoman
Calhoun, a Republican who represents Orange and Rockland Counties, pulled out a
torn piece of paper offering $15 off the bill.

"That's how lobbying has changed here," she said with a laugh. "Members are
going out on coupons."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: With a ban on free meals, more legislators prepare their own.
Senator Thomas W. Libous served salad in the Albany apartment of Senator
Nicholas A. Spano, center, with Senator George D. Maziarz, seated. (David
Jennings for The New York Times)(pg. B5)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              836 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                            March 22, 2006 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Where's the lobbying reform?

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 404 words


Mar. 22--EXPECTATIONS abounded on the part of voters and taxpayers in the wake
of the Jack Abramoff and Rep. Randy Cunningham ethics scandals that Congress
would take action to clamp down on lobbying practices and congressional
corruption.

Well, maybe not. Congressional strategy may be instead to wait and see if voters
simply forget about the issue before the November elections. The strategy may
also be to get people to buy the idea that the issue is too contentious for
Republicans and Democrats to reach an agreement.

Members of Congress will also argue, "while we have really important matters to
consider -- the budget, tax cuts, wiretapping, censuring the President, securing
our ports -- how can you expect us to find time to deal with issues like
lobbying and ethics?"

Lawmakers may be tempted to think voters don't see the subject as important,
since Rep. Tom DeLay of Texas won the Republican primary election last week for
his seat in spite of clear, heavy involvement with Mr. Abramoff.

But his primary victory means nothing in terms of significance for the November
elections. He and other members facing election this year are wrong to assume
they can get away with sweeping the bribery and lobbyist issues under the rug or
that voters and taxpayers can be counted on to forget.

The Abramoff case implicated not only Mr. DeLay and Rep. Bob Ney of Ohio.
Reports indicate that many other members were involved in his web of using money
from Indian tribes and other clients to funnel cash to legislators and, perhaps,
to the Bush Administration. Nor is this solely a Republican issue.

Rep. Randy "Duke" Cunningham, Republican of California, was convicted of bribery
conspiracy and tax evasion and sentenced to eight years in prison. There is no
reason to believe that he was unique in his approach to lobbyists and money.

The American voter and taxpayer continues to await decisive action by Congress
to clean up the lobbying and campaign finance sewer that Washington now
constitutes. Americans will not accept inaction, based on congressional hopes
that they will forget about it, or buy the lame argument that agreement is
unattainable in a divided Congress.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune
Business News. For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800)
661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060322-TO-0322-EDITORIAL-Where-s-the-lobbying-reform

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2006 The Blade


                              837 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                Sunday Business

                                  May 7, 2000

Battle for Microsoft moves to Washington: Gates and his many enemies call in big
guns for showdown on Capitol Hill

BYLINE: By Larry Black in New York

LENGTH: 1502 words



FIVE YEARS ago this week, Microsoft, a company that had always demonstrated
little but contempt for Washington power-brokers and for politics in general,
set up its first full-time government relations office.

It was a one-man shop in a suburban sales office and given a modest task:
pushing for enforcement of US copyright laws. Microsoft was the first software
developer to establish a presence in the capital like most of his Silicon Valley
peers, Bill Gates had long considered lobbying beneath the industry.

Today, facing an anti-trust case that could split up the firm, Microsoft employs
14 people in its Washington office, retains 15 of the city's leading lobby firms
and pays hundreds of thousands a year in retainers to a veritable who's who of
Beltway insiders from Hillary Clinton's former press secretary to Ronald
Reagan's communications director Michael Deaver, from Al Gore's former chief of
staff to Haley Barbour, the former chairman of the Republican national
committee.

Microsoft's goal in this multi-million-dollar endeavour: to try to characterise
the government's remedy as extreme and anti-business and mobilise Microsoft's 3m
shareholders and countless customers worldwide. And, if the worst comes to the
worst, to convince the next US president be it Al Gore or George Bush come 7
November that it is in the national interest, or at least their political
self-interest, that the case be dropped or scaled back, as Reagan did in 1982
with the landmark anti-trust suit against IBM.

Disclosure filings made last week show that Microsoft spent $ 4.66m "to achieve
through politics what it could not in court", says Mitchell Pettit, president of
the anti-Microsoft group ProComp (Project for Competition and Innovation in the
Digital Age).

Critics say that figure represents only a fraction of Microsoft's overall
spending on lobbyists, political action committees and unregulated "soft-money"
donations to the two US political parties. "I don't think you have even 20% of
the real number," says Pettit.

But Microsoft's influence shopping spree is only half the story some would argue
considerably less than half.

Lined up on the other side of the break-up campaign are Microsoft's biggest
competitors: Oracle, Sun Microsystems, America Online/Netscape, Novell, Corel
and dozens of smaller rivals. Collectively, they spend millions more than
Microsoft on their lobbying effort, egging on the government trust-busters while
trying to keep congress on the sidelines.

And they have done so each year since the US justice department agreed to take
up the case four years ago. Like Microsoft, they have spent money hiring big
guns, from former presidential candidate Bob Dole to former House speaker Robert
Livingston to judge Robert Bork, a conservative Republican whose nomination to
the US Supreme Court by Reagan in the mid-1980s became a national cause clbre.

Microsoft may retain 15 lobby firms, but Oracle alone employs 13, according to
data to be published this week in Washington Representative, a lobbying
directory.

Depending on how their spending is categorised, Microsoft's half-dozen main
antagonists dispensed anywhere from 10% more than last year on lobbying about $
5.3m to more than $ 11m, according to figures compiled by Sunday Business.

Privately, Microsoft executives complain that much of the hostile money notably
that channelled through ProComp remains undisclosed. "If you add up the numbers
of what has been paid collected in dues alone, it's a lot of money," says one
Microsoft lobbyist.

Together, the two camps have essentially locked up the entire Washington
political machine. In the process, they have turned the Microsoft trial into the
most expensive single-issue, single-target lobbying effort in Washington history
more even than AT&T's lavish and ultimately unsuccessful campaign 20 years ago
to defeat its own break-up.

Each camp accuses the other of starting the war: Microsoft insists it is only
defending itself against the lobbying attacks of its competitors. The creation
of ProComp in 1997 formed to provide political support for the anti-trust
prosecution, and funded with $ 250,000 from each of the participating Silicon
Valley firms was "a real wake-up call for us", says spokesman Vivek Varma. "We
realised we had to seriously ramp up in terms of establishing more of a
traditional lobbying presence in Washington.""Our rivals were all the time
inviting members to breakfasts that were supposed to be about the technology
industry, but ended up being about why Microsoft should be broken up," says Rick
Miller, main spokesman on the lobbying battle.

Pettit says his clients "have never been the ones trying to subvert the rule of
law. It's Microsoft that is out there lobbying to change laws, while we're only
trying to have existing law enforced."Both sides are employing state-of-the-art
campaign tactics. Strategies typically used in political contests are being
applied in a legislative one, says a senior partner of one of the lobbying firms
Microsoft has retained. While some of the methods are laughably straight-forward
like handing out leaflets firms in both camps are also using aggressive
"soft-science techniques," he says.

Though Gates in particular was deeply sceptical at first about paying for
polling and image-advertising aimed almost exclusively at legislators, the
pay-off has been tangible, he says, pointing to a recent NBC/Wall Street Journal
survey showing a majority of Americans opposed to a break-up.

Microsoft's lobbying effort has so far won it endorsements from new-found
friends like Republican leaders senator John McCain and House majority leader
Richard Armey, as well as the Democrats' chief senate fundraiser, New Jersey
senator Robert Torricelli.

The break-up has vocal support only of politicians from the headquarter states
of its rivals, such as senator Orrin Hatch of Utah (home to Novell) and Silicon
Valley's Tom Campbell.

But the anti-Microsoft lobby remains confident that most members will remain
neutral and silent on the issue, preferring not to take sides between two sets
of potential campaign donors.

Nor, they note, have Microsoft's hired guns succeeded in preventing the case
from coming to trial or judge Penfield Jackson from finding it a "predatory"
monopolist.

It has, however, yielded a few important public-relations successes. The day of
the judge's finding of fact, Bush urged him to "keep in mind that this company
is an important part of the technological revolution taking place in America".

And less than 48 hours later, Gates made a triumphal visit to the Capitol,
meeting not only congressional leaders, but also spending a day at president
Clinton's side in the White House for a conference on the new economy.

Going forward, Microsoft will try to exploit America's anti-bureaucracy and
anti-extremist biases, says William Saletan, a veteran political columnist who
writes for Slate, its online magazine. "Microsoft will try to do to the break-up
remedy what Republicans did to Clinton's healthcare plans in 1994, and what
Democrats did to Newt Gingrich's Contract with America in 1998," he predicts.

Lobbyists say, however, that its plan is being undermined by Microsoft's
decision to predicate its campaign completely on its legal strategy. Rather than
permit its high-paid lobbyists to go to work to "soften its edges" by
acknowledging at least some aggressiveness on its part in the past, Microsoft
has allowed its lawyers to call the shots. Its lead outside counsel, John Warden
of Sullivan & Cromwell, has decided that any concession weakens its legal case.

Microsoft's refusal to do even a modest mea culpa has caused considerable
tension with its Washington team precipitating the replacement last month of
Michael Deaver's Edelman Worldwide as its main PR agency with the Sawyer Miller
Group, headed by Neel Lattimore, press secretary to America's First Lady until
1997.

There is, of course, a considerable body of opinion outside the capital that
maintains that Gates had it right the first time: that Microsoft has little to
gain by patronising Washington's influence bazaar. Some note that while
Microsoft is now criticised for throwing too much money around politically, only
a few years ago it was roundly attacked for failing to defend.

The most egregious example of Washington cynicism emerged last month when the
New York Times revealed that Ralph Reed, the former head of the Christian
Coalition, had been working simultaneously for Bush and for Microsoft.

"Like the many other hired-gun lobbyists who have flocked to Microsoft and its
rivals like vultures to carrion," says Weisberg, "Ralph Reed has been taking
Bill Gates for a ride."

"We're fighting to stop a disastrous break-up of a key component of America's
economic prosperity," says one outside lobbyist for Microsoft. "But with fixers
like that, you wonder if they mightn't be better off leaving things broken."

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 2000 Sunday Business Group


                              838 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                      February 8, 2002 Friday City Edition

Court candidates debate lobbying by judges

BYLINE: DEAN OLSEN STATE CAPITOL BUREAU

SECTION: CITY/STATE; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 452 words

DATELINE: CHAMPAIG


Candidates for the Illinois Supreme Court's 4th District seat disagreed on the
issues of lobbying by judges and campaign finance reform during a public forum
Thursday night.

"Legislators welcome the appearance of judges," Appellate Judge Robert Steigmann
told an audience of about 80 people when he explained how he believes individual
judges have the right to suggest changes in state laws directly to lawmakers.
But Steigmann's opponent in the March 19 Republican primary, Supreme Court
Justice Rita Garman, said lobbying by individual judges amounts to a breach in
the constitutionally required separation of powers between the legislative and
judicial branches of government.

And Appellate Judge Sue Myerscough, the lone Democrat in the race, said she also
believes direct lobbying would violate state Supreme Court rules.

Myerscough said she has participated on a committee that informed legislators
about problems in administering certain state laws, and the committee's work did
lead to changes. But she added, "You won't find me over lobbying the
legislature. My job is in the court."

Garman, 58, of Danville, previously served on the appellate court with
Steigmann, 57, of Urbana, and Myerscough, 50, of Springfield. She was appointed
to the Supreme Court after the retirement of Justice Ben Miller of Springfield.

The 10-year term sought by the candidates pays $148,800 a year, while appellate
judges make $136,500. The 30-county district includes Springfield,
Champaign-Urbana and Bloomington-Normal.

Garman said that while the annual report the Supreme Court sends to the
legislature details areas of the law to review, it doesn't make specific
recommendations for changes.

But Steigmann said he has studied the reports, and his interpretation differs.
He added that he personally has drafted legislation involving the insanity
defense and drunken driving that the General Assembly has approved.

Responding to a question from the audience at the Champaign County Farm Bureau
building, Myerscough said she would support campaign spending caps on Supreme
Court races, perhaps by restricting individual candidates' spending to between
$120,000 and $200,000.

But neither Steigmann nor Garman backed such limits, although Garman noted,
"It's an expensive proposition to run for office."

Steigmann, who has generated controversy with his campaign ads featuring the
University of Illinois' Chief Illiniwek, said he wants voters to see him as
someone who wants to make the court more open to the public.

Deliberations on specific cases must remain private, he said, but how judicial
appointments are made and the court system run should be open to much more
scrutiny.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2002 The State Journal-Register


                              839 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    August 25, 1995, Friday, JOURNAL EDITION

Pro Basketball;
Union passes word: Get out and vote

BYLINE: Jeffrey Denberg; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. 2E

LENGTH: 469 words


When he broke away from a private lobbying session with his pal and former
teammate John Battle, former Hawks captain Tree Rollins had this to say about
the NBA labor agreement that comes up for ratification next week. "If guys want
to eat, they better vote," Rollins said.

A player-coach with Orlando, Rollins acknowledged the season is at stake in
voting to be conducted by the National Labor Relations Board in more than 40
cities, including Atlanta, Wednesday and Sept. 7.

"Guys have to get out and vote," Hawks guard Craig Ehlo said. "You can't just
assume this is going to pass. We've got to get out the vote."

There were 13 attentive men, most current or former Hawks, in the room with
former player Alex English and Ronald Klempner, assistant general counsel of the
players association. Included in their number was Dan Roundfield, who came to
the J.W. Marriott at Lenox Square on behalf of other retired players in the area
to see if the agreement affected them. "It doesn't change anything at all,"
Roundfield said.

Among the dozen others, free agent Moses Malone is listed as a plaintiff on the
decertification grievance filed with the NLRB. Clarence Weatherspoon of the
76ers is among those who signed the decertification form. English said Jim
McIlwaine and Reggie Williams, also prominent in the decertification movement,
have attended other sessions.

"They come and they listen to us and they see this is a pretty good deal, and I
think we give them a different perspective," English said. "They're on the fence
and thinking about coming over."

Klempner said that in the 17-city, 10-day information tour, the union seeks to
correct misconceptions spread by the dissidents' attorney, Jeffrey Kessler.

"What they're doing is indefensible," Klempner said. "They're lying in their
correspondence to the players and drawing conclusions from God knows where.
They're calling it a super hard cap when the only super hard cap that exists is
the one in the NFL that they Kessler and NFL players president Gene Upshaw
negotiated. They say the players are only getting $ 25 million a year from
merchandising. What they don't say is $ 25 million is the minimum.

"It should be $ 50 million, $ 55 million by the end of the agreement. If the
same growth we've enjoyed continues over the next eight years, the players will
get a total of $ 334 million. Compare that to the last agreement in which less
than $ 5 million was realized over 11 years."

BRIEFLY: The Hawks announced two scheduling changes, one for the regular season.
Their Jan. 27 game in Boston was moved to Dec. 10 to resolve an arena conflict
for the Celtics. That falls two games into what would have been a six-game
homestand encompassing 16 days. An Oct. 16 preseason game at the Omni against
Houston was moved to Oct. 22.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Steve Smith of the Hawks and former Georgia Tech player Fred
Vinson emerge from a regional NBA labor meeting Thursday in Atlanta. Inside the
room are former Hawks Kevin Willis of Miami and John Battle (with hat). /
JONATHAN NEWTON / Staff

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              840 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    August 24, 1995, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

GEORGIA LEGISLATURE '95: SPECIAL SESSION;
CAPITOL NOTEBOOK;
Lobbyist asked the cost of strippers

BYLINE: Mark Sherman and Jill Vejnoska; STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: STATE NEWS, Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 462 words


The State Ethics Commission is asking lobbyist Rusty Kidd to reveal how much he
spent to take four strippers from Atlanta on a South Carolina resort outing for
five state lawmakers.

"There is no disclosure of fees, lodging, meals, travel or other associated
expenses paid in connection with bringing four individuals from Atlanta to serve
as hostesses and companions for the benefit of the public officers on the trip,"
Jeffrey Ledford, a commission staff member, wrote in a letter. The letter was
obtained under the Georgia Open Records Act.

Kidd's most recent account of his lobbying expenses included money he spent on
behalf of his lobbying firm, Kidd & Associates, and a client, the R.J. Reynolds
Tobacco Co., on food and golf for the legislators during their mid-July stay on
Daufuskie Island.

"Please file an amendment that includes all such expenditures in connection with
the Daufuskie Island trip, or if our understanding of the facts is in error,
please enlighten us," Ledford wrote. Kidd, who was at the Capitol Wednesday,
declined to comment.

NINE DAYS AND COUNTING: Democratic leaders in the House failed for a second
straight day Wednesday to round up enough votes to approve reconfigured state
House districts. Speaker Tom Murphy held talks with black Democrats and white
Republicans in search of the votes needed for a majority. Murphy said the vote
will be held today. He said there could be some changes to the proposed map to
satisfy the objections of blacks that too many majority-black districts were
being dismantled and of Republicans, who see punitive partisan politics at work
in some districts. In the Senate, a new congressional map could clear the Senate
Reapportionment Committee by Friday, said the panel's chairman, Sen. Peg Blitch
(D-Homerville). No House action is planned on a congressional map.

TRIBAL WARFARE: Just when it seemed the special session couldn't get much
weirder, tribal warfare broke out at a House subcommittee hearing Wednesday
afternoon. It wasn't Democrats vs. Republicans. Native Americans took on other
Native Americans over the emotional issue of whether Georgia should officially
recognize tribes. At one point during a long afternoon laced with slams like
"Indian wannabes," one of the women supporting recognition of the Georgia tribes
began sobbing. A woman spoke for four full minutes in Cherokee, eliciting rolled
eyes from many of the pro-recognition people, several of whom wore head-to-toe
buckskin. Entering the third hour, Jerry Laney of the Eastern Indian Nation gave
committee chairman Roger Byrd (D-Hazelhurst) a feather, symbolizing goodwill.

CALENDAR

9 a.m.: Senate Ethics Committee task force, Room 310, Legislative Office
Building.

10 a.m.: House and Senate meet.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              841 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 18, 2000, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Pataki Aide Fined for Gifts From a Tobacco Lobbyist

BYLINE: By RICHARD PEREZ-PENA

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 800 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 17


A top aide to Gov. George E. Pataki today became the first state official to be
punished for accepting gifts from a tobacco industry lobbyist, in violation of
state law, agreeing to pay a $2,000 fine.

The aide, James G. Natoli, paid the fine to settle a case brought by the State
Ethics Commission, for accepting meals and other gifts worth more than $75, the
state threshold. The gifts to Mr. Natoli, the director of state operations, were
from Sharon Portnoy, the chief New York lobbyist for the Philip Morris
Companies, the world's largest cigarette maker. It is the largest fine paid to
the commission in five years.

But Mr. Natoli's penalty highlights the fact that scores of state legislators
who accepted gifts from Ms. Portnoy -- some of them far in excess of what Mr.
Natoli took -- have not been penalized. While the Ethics Commission polices
violations of the gift law by members of the executive branch, the Legislative
Ethics Committee enforces it for the legislative branch.

In other words, the Legislature polices itself. Officials say that in its
11-year history, the Legislative Ethics Committee has never penalized a
legislator for violating the $75 gift rule, which it interprets less rigidly,
and so far, it has not signaled that it will look into the Philip Morris gifts.

The New York Times first reported almost eight months ago that Ms. Portnoy and
Philip Morris had treated more than 100 current and former legislators, along
with numerous aides and other officials, to meals and other gifts, but had
failed to report them to the State Lobbying Commission, as required by law. Many
of the gifts violated the state's $75 limit. The Lobbying Commission fined
Philip Morris $75,000, the largest penalty in commission history, and fined Ms.
Portnoy $15,000 and barred her from lobbying for three years.

The affair proved deeply embarrassing to legislators, and prompted them to
strengthen the state's lobbying law in December.

The State Ethics Commission is looking into the financing of Mr. Pataki's trips
to Hungary in 1995 and 1996, which were sponsored by a small Hungarian-American
group, at about the time the group received donations from Philip Morris and
other corporations with interests before the state.

Under the state Public Officers Law, it is illegal to give or accept a gift to a
state official worth more than $75, if that gift could reasonably be interpreted
as being meant to influence state policy. The Ethics Commission interprets that
as being $75 per year, all gifts combined, while the Legislature interprets it
as $75 per gift, with an unlimited number of gifts possible each year.

According to Philip Morris records and the Ethics Commission, Ms. Portnoy paid
for four meals at restaurants for Mr. Natoli and his wife, with other family
members included in one, from 1996 through last year. All four meals topped $75,
and the total was $664.90. In addition, Ms. Portnoy paid Mr. Natoli's and his
wife's way to an auto race in Pennsylvania in 1998 and paid their admission, for
a total value of $199.47.

Mr. Natoli has said that Ms. Portnoy is a longtime friend, and that he did not
consider the events to have been business-related.

"I was disappointed when I learned that Ms. Portnoy reported these dinners as
business expenses, and moved immediately to reimburse her company," he said in a
statement today. "Nevertheless, I have decided to resolve this matter quickly
because of my strong belief that the taxpayers must have confidence in their
public servants."

The Ethics Commission began its investigation into Mr. Natoli based on a
complaint filed by the New York Public Interest Research Group, Common Cause and
the League of Women Voters. Today, Blair Horner, legislative director of the
research group, said that because the commission made little about its
investigation and findings public, he did not know whether to be satisfied with
the outcome.

The Ethics Commission has the power to refer the investigation to a prosecutor
for action against Philip Morris, but said it had chosen not to, though a
commission official said that remained a possibility.

As for any action against the legislators, the staff of the Legislative Ethics
Committee and the legislators who lead it, Senator John J. Marchi, a Republican
from Staten Island, and Assemblywoman Deborah J. Glick, a Democrat from
Manhattan, refused to say whether the committee was looking into the Philip
Morris gifts to lawmakers. But several of the legislators who received the gifts
have said that they are not under investigation, and did not expect an inquiry.

"The signal from the Legislative Ethics Committee is that you can break the law
and get away with it," Mr. Horner said. "It's a green light to corruption.
There's no cop working this beat."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: James Natoli, left, in a July 11, 1996, file photo with Gov.
George E. Pataki, has settled a case brought by the State Ethics Commission.
(Associated Press)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              842 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 13, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

THE 1992 CAMPAIGN: Candidate's Records;
Role as Lobbyist Poses Questions for Tsongas

BYLINE: By NEIL A. LEWIS,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 24; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 802 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 12


When he left the Senate in 1984 with a diagnosis of incurable cancer, Paul E.
Tsongas did not anticipate returning to politics. With a need to make money
quickly, he chose a career path that has proved troublesome to others seeking
elective office: He became a lawyer-lobbyist.

With public opinion polls now showing the former Massachusetts Senator running
strongly in next week's Democratic primary in New Hampshire, rival campaigns
have suggested that his record as a highly paid lobbyist could prove damaging.

An examination of Mr. Tsongas's lobbying history, some of which is included in
Congressional records and some of which was provided by his law firm in Boston,
shows that his lobbying focused largely on energy and real estate deals. None of
the clients listed would appear to suggest any inconsistency between his private
lobbying and his public views as a candidate for President, but his work did
oblige him to lobby his former colleagues in Congress, a revolving door
situation that has often drawn criticism.

His most lucrative client was the Iroquois Gas Transmission System of Shelton,
Conn., a pipeline company that paid Mr. Tsongas a little more than $100,000 for
lobbying Congress and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission over a three-year
period. His law firm also received about $100,000 more for related legal work.

The pipeline, which has just gone into operation, brings natural gas from
Ontario south to Commack, L.I., providing a new and plentiful source of natural
gas for New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Massachusetts.

Yet, the 370-mile pipeline has had a rancorous history. Energy analysts said the
Iroquois group got the jump on other pipeline ventures, some of which wanted to
use domestic, rather than Canadian, gas to help the Northeast.

Lawrence Goldstein, president of the Petroleum Industry Research Foundation in
New York, said the idea of the pipeline was to make the Northeast less dependent
on imported oil. But Mr. Goldstein said the introduction of Canadian gas may
have displaced domestic producers, "and the domestic industry is hurting
greatly."

The project was generally supported by environmental groups, although many
residents along the route were opposed to it, saying it would damage local
scenic areas and home sites.

Barry White, who is Mr. Tsongas's campaign chairman, friend and managing partner
of Foley, Hoag & Eliot, the law firm in which both work, said Mr. Tsongas had
not aggressively marketed himself as a lobbyist.

"Paul is not someone sitting in the halls of Washington looking to pick up
business there," he said. In almost all the cases, Mr. White said, people came
to Mr. Tsongas because of his record in the Senate, particularly on
environmental issues.

Anxiety for His Family

In his autobiography, "Heading Home" Mr. Tsongas discussed his anxiety about
retiring from politics after learning he had cancer. He wrote that he fretted
about how he would earn a living after leaving the Senate, how he would take
care of his wife and three children. At the time, doctors estimated that he
would have 8 to 12 years to live, although they have since said he has beaten
the disease.

In his first year at the firm, Mr. Tsongas doubled his income to more than
$200,000, according to figures provided by Mr. White.

In the Iroquois case, Mr. Tsongas appeared to charge varying rates for his work.
When he met with a reporter for The Boston Herald to discuss the pipeline, he
billed Iroquois $190 an hour. When he met with an editor at The Herald, the
charge went up to $240.

When he met with Senator Bill Bradley, the New Jersey Democrat who is a member
of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee on which they once served
together, Mr. Tsongas's bill was $490 an hour. He also conferred with aides to
several Democratic Congressmen from his home state of Massachusetts.

Selling the Pipeline Project<

Most of those lawmakers, like Senator Bradley, already favored the Iroquois
project, and Mr. White said the meetings were often strategy sessions to sell
the pipeline to Congress and the regulatory commision.

Mr. Tsongas also represented the Sierra Club, apparently without charge, in
lobbying for environmental issues. His form does not list specific activities or
contacts.

He also received more than $14,000 from the National Venture Capital Association
in 1989, a group based near Washington that is pressing Congress to reduce the
capital gains tax. In his Presidential campaign Mr. Tsongas has pushed for cuts
in the capital gains tax rate.

In lobbying for the Humane Society of the United States, Mr. Tsongas said his
purpose was to help the Washington-based group promote passage of the Wildlife
Protection Act and to develop alternatives to using animals in scientific
research.

NAME: Paul E. Tsongas

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              843 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 1, 1994, Tuesday, Final Edition

Health Care Lobbies Lobby Each Other;
Interest Groups Are Working Together to Strengthen Their Legislative Positions

Michael Weisskopf, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A8

LENGTH: 1126 words


When the American Medical Association dropped its support for a key element of
President Clinton's health care plan, the about-face was described as a
spontaneous revolt by members of the house of medicine.

Few knew there were outside agitators. But weeks before the AMA's meeting last
December, the National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB) was lobbying
state delegations of the AMA to reverse the group's endorsement of "employer
mandates" -- a Clinton proposal requiring businesses to pick up most costs of
insuring their workers.

The success of the NFIB effort demonstrates the rewards that can come when one
interest group lobbies another.

"Cross-lobbying," as it is called, is increasingly common in the leadup to
congressional action on Clinton's health care bill. In some cases, it has paid
off in alliances of otherwise disparate groups: podiatrists, chiropractors,
nurse midwives, psychologists and physical therapists have united against
physicians in the fight for dominance in an overhauled health care system.

More often, cross-lobbying influences the debate from behind the scenes.
Insurers and restaurant chains, for example, were influential in the decision of
the Business Roundtable to refuse to back the Clinton health care package, a
decision that became a major setback for the administration. Drug companies
worried about price controls are courting the senior citizens lobby.

For the NFIB, one of the greatest critics of the Clinton plan, the cross-
lobbying helped deny the president an influential ally on employer mandates.

"When administration officials go in to talk to members of Congress, they can no
longer say, 'The AMA supports what we're doing,' " said John J. Motley, the
NFIB's chief lobbyist. "That's big. It removes a shield."

The NFIB's work began as the AMA's state delegations were getting ready for
their annual policymaking conference in December. The Texas delegation, one of
the most conservative, invited Motley to talk about employer mandates at a
preparatory meeting of doctors in Austin.

Four years earlier, the AMA embraced mandates as a way of assuring coverage for
every American. The position created common ground with the White House on an
issue opposed by many industry groups. But many doctors were uneasy because of
their own role as employers. Only two-thirds insure their employees, according
to the AMA.

Motley was well received in Austin, and he was urged by doctors there to contact
delegations in southeastern states, as well as in Illinois, Ohio, Pennsylvania
and New York, he said in an interview.

Back in Washington, Motley instructed his state directors to contact their AMA
counterparts and cite the pitfalls of employer mandates as outlined by Motley in
a memo. The NFIB operatives warned that if merchants are required to pay for
worker insurance, they would demand controls on doctor fees to hold down costs.

"We added credibility to doctors who were already arguing our case," Motley
said.

When the AMA's House of Delegates voted Dec. 7 to consider other ways to pay for
health care reform than employer mandates, the decision was described as a
serious setback for the administration.

The Business Roundtable support for Rep. Jim Cooper's (D-Tenn.) bill Feb. 2 was
even more jarring because the White House actively tried to stop it and because
it seemed to embolden other big business groups to come out against Clinton's
plan.

The Roundtable's decision reveals the guiding hand of large insurers well-placed
to benefit from Cooper's bill and active lobbying by large restaurant chain
owners strongly opposed to Clinton's measure.

The lobbying by chairmen of General Mills Inc. and PepsiCo Inc. began before the
formal endorsement process. Unlike many of the Fortune 500 companies in the
Roundtable, they employ large numbers of uninsured workers at their restaurant
chains. General Mills owns the Red Lobster chain, and PepsiCo operations include
Pizza Hut, Kentucky Fried Chicken and Taco Bell. Writing to other corporate
chiefs in November, they noted the "adverse consequences" of Clinton's bill. In
a Dec. 2 letter, General Mills's chief urged support for the Cooper alternative.

The endorsement decision was dominated from the start by Robert C. Winters,
chairman of Prudential Insurance Co. of America. He headed the Roundtable's
health policy task force, which set the organization's course Dec. 15 when it
voted 14 to 1 to support Cooper's bill as a "starting point" for congressional
negotiations.

Although 34 corporate chiefs sit on the task force, only 15 were available for a
conference call vote that day, said Tom O'Hara, head of Prudential's Washington
office. A majority came from the health industries most affected by the Clinton
measure -- five insurers and three drug and hospital executives.

The preliminary position eventually was ratified after debate by the 85-member
policy committee, which represents a broad cross section of U.S. industry. But
critics within the Round- table said the vote may have been closer if the task
force report prepared by Winters's staff had fully reflected Cooper's reliance
on taxes to control costs.

O'Hara said that the process was run in a fair and open manner and that Winters
"went out of his way to make sure he was not bringing his insurance hat to the
table."

The pharmaceutical industry's pursuit of the American Association of Retired
Persons has gone unrequited thus far, but not for want of trying. As the largest
and among the most active lobbies in the health care fight, AARP is an ally in
great demand.

Drug companies hope to find common ground with the AARP to get around
cost-containment provisions of Clinton's bill that the industry sees as the
specter of price controls.

According to AARP legislative director John Rother, lobbyists from the
Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association and individual companies have met with
him to float free-market alternatives, such as bulk purchases of drugs for
Medicare recipients. Rother said they have asked that the 34-million member
seniors' lobby remain at least neutral so that their proposals have a chance to
gain momentum.

"Their pitch is, 'What we want you to do is tell Congress you're open on this,'
" said Rother. " 'Will you agree not to shoot it out of the water?' "

But when lobbyists for retail drugstores heard that AARP was being courted to
support bulk purchases, Rother said, they asked to come in "to make their pitch"
that the elderly would suffer if they could not pick up prescriptions from the
neighborhood druggist.

"It shouldn't be a surprise that someone in my position gets lobbied as much as
I lobby other people," he said. "We're just about in every fight, and our
imprimatur is marketable."

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              844 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 16, 2004 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Berger's Firm to Aid Oil Interests in Iraq

BYLINE: Judy Sarasohn

SECTION: A Section; A29 , SPECIAL INTERESTS Judy Sarasohn

LENGTH: 881 words


Stonebridge International, the "global strategy firm" founded by Clinton
administration national security adviser Samuel R. "Sandy" Berger, has taken on
an interesting client, Gulfsands Petroleum Ltd., a private Houston-based oil and
gas company.

Gulfsands, along with its larger partner Devon Energy Corp. of Oklahoma City,
has oil and gas exploration and development interests in Syria. And now
Gulfsands is looking to Iraq.

"Stonebridge is assisting Gulfsands in organizing meetings in Washington with
administration officials to discuss the company's business interests in Iraq and
U.S. policy toward Syria," Stonebridge Vice Chairman H.P. Goldfield said in an
e-mail response to written questions. The lobby registration was filed with
Congress by Goldfield and colleague Joy Drucker.

Goldfield, who served in senior jobs in the Reagan administration, said
Gulfsands "is conducting business development activities in Iraq" but "is not
pursuing any U.S. funded contracts in Iraq." Its discussions with the government
of Iraq are confidential for now, Goldfield said.

"Our proposed energy project will be privately funded and will have significant
economic and environmental benefits to the people of Iraq. The project would
create thousands of jobs for Iraqi citizens and would introduce more
environmentally beneficial technologies into Iraq's development of its oil and
gas sector," Goldfield said.

Berger is not involved with the work for Gulfsands, Goldfield said.

Halliburton Co. and its KBR Government Operations subsidiary have had a busy
year on the Hill dealing with allegations about overcharges on contracts to feed
the troops and import fuel into Iraq. Talking to lawmakers and members of the
administration usually means there's lobbying going on -- and that costs money.

PoliticalMoneyLine, which tracks lobbying and campaign money, pounced on
Halliburton's mid-year lobby filing, which reports that the company spent
$250,000 for the lobbying of their employees for the first six months of 2004.
This is an increase for the previous three years, for which Halliburton reported
spending $150,000 for the same period of each of those years.

Halliburton, whose former chief executive  is Vice President Cheney, reported
spending a total of $300,000 on its employees' lobbying in each of 2001, 2002
and 2003; so it appears to be on track for spending even more for all of 2004.

Of course, it's not known yet whether it will top its spending for 2000 or 1999,
when it reported $600,000 in each of those years.

The in-house lobbyists included in the 2004 report are retired Army Lt. Gen.
Charles E. Dominy, vice president for government affairs; Donald A. Deline, a
former counsel to the Senate Armed Services Committee; Barbara Jones; and George
P. Sigalos, director of government relations for KBR and a former press aide to
Rep. Philip M. Crane (R-Ill.).

But wait. That's not all that Halliburton spent on lobbying. KBR paid outside
lobbyists at Covington & Burling $520,000 for the first six months of 2004.

The Covington law firm's team, which has been helping respond to "inquiries
concerning company's construction and service contracts in Iraq," included
Roderick A. DeArment, who was chief of staff to then-Senate majority leader
Robert J. Dole (R-Kan.); Martin B. Gold, former counsel to Senate Majority
Leader Bill Frist (R-Tenn.); Stuart E. Eizenstat, U.S. ambassador to the
European Union during the Clinton administration; Alan A. Pemberton, coordinator
of the firm's government contracts practice; David M. Marchick, who served in
various posts in the Clinton administration; Jack L. Schenendorf; Peter
Flanagan; Jennifer Plitsch; and Benjamin J. Razi.

"The company recently increased its lobbying efforts with greater attention
focused on KBR's government contracting business. It would be inappropriate to
speculate regarding details or circumstances of future lobbying efforts," said
Cathy Gist, a Halliburton spokeswoman.

Tony Bullock, former director of communications for D.C. Mayor Anthony A.
Williams, and earlier chief of staff to the late Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan
(D-N.Y.), has joined Ogilvy Public Relations Worldwide as executive vice
president of public affairs.

John Iani has spun through the revolving door, leaving his post as regional
administrator for the Environmental Protection Agency in Washington state,
Idaho, Oregon and Alaska, and joining the law firm of Van Ness Feldman as a
partner. He will work out of its  D.C. and Seattle offices. Born and raised in
Alaska, Iani was an executive of UniSea Inc., a seafood company, and was an aide
to then-senator Frank H. Murkowski (R), now the governor of Alaska, and worked
for Rep. Don Young (R-Alaska).

Duane R. Gibson, a solo lobbyist and veteran of the Greenberg Traurig lobby
operation, is affiliating with the Livingston Group as a consultant. Gibson
earlier was a senior staffer for Rep.  Young, who chairs the House
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, and also worked for Sen. Ted
Stevens (R-Alaska).

Christopher Wenk, a Hill veteran, has signed on with the National Association of
Manufacturers as director of international trade policy. He has previously
worked for the House Small Business Committee and Republican Reps. Steve Chabot
(Ohio) and Dave Camp (Mich.).

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              845 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

P.R. Groups Sue a Panel Over a Rule on Lobbying

BYLINE: By JESSE McKINLEY

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 622 words


ALBANY -- A group of prominent public relations firms filed suit in federal
court on Tuesday against New York State's top ethics panel to stop it from
putting into effect a recently adopted rule requiring disclosure of efforts to
get editorial columns written for causes.

The suit, filed in the Southern District of New York in Manhattan, claims that
the panel -- the Joint Commission on Public Ethics, known as Jcope --
overstepped its mandate in January when it adopted an advisory opinion that
reinterpreted the definition of the lobbying.

In particular, the advisory opinion said that lobbying could refer to a public
relations consultant who tries to place an editorial for a client, as well as
''any attempt by a consultant to induce a third party -- whether the public or
the press -- to deliver the client's lobbying message to a public official.''

That new standard caused an uproar among many public relations professionals,
who argued that such disclosure would limit their right to free speech as well
as the ability of editorial board members and other journalists to talk with
such sources about issues and possible articles.

''The commission's action is a wholesale violation of the First Amendment's
speech and press provisions,'' the lawsuit says, noting that while Jcope was
cautioned by the public relations firms and others that the opinion was
unconstitutional, ''its response was to forge ahead, heedless of the impact.''

It was not clear whether any public relations groups had yet reported such
lobbying under the new rule; the next deadline for such reports is March 15.

Walter McClure, a spokesman for Jcope, said the commission opposed the lawsuit
and looked ''forward to our day in court.''

Considering their profession, it was probably not surprising that some firms
waged a public battle against the opinion. Shortly after its passage,
representatives of the November Team, which has been active in Republican
campaigns around the state and is a plaintiff to the lawsuit filed on Tuesday,
sent out a list of 50 questions they wanted answered about the new rule,
including who devised it and whether planned story leaks needed to be reported.

Other plaintiffs include major players such as Mercury, a ''global public
strategy firm'' that counts 18 offices, 300 clients and a website promising
''exceptional proven talent for media, government, business, politics and
technology.''

In devising the advisory opinion, Jcope had seemingly sought to address such
diverse duties, including the role of public relations firms ''as architects of
grass-roots lobbying campaigns.'' But the commission was apparently also
sensitive to accusations that it was infringing on freedom of the press, and
modified the language in the advisory opinion to stipulate that it was not meant
to ''restrict a reporter's ability to gather information'' but rather to
''generate transparency in the activities of paid media consultants.''

Indeed, public relations professionals who performed work that is now defined as
lobbying under the Jcope opinion would be required to file a lobbying report,
which includes listing the subject of their efforts; any bill they were trying
to influence; and their pay, client information and expenses. But it would not
require the name of any writer or publication to be listed on the lobbying
report, the commission noted.

Still, such a rule still concerned Donna Lieberman, the executive director of
the New York Civil Liberties Union, which supports the suit, calling Jcope's
action a ''huge overreach.''

''It ought to be obvious that requiring someone to report every conversation
with the editorial writer is intimidating to both journalists and advocates,''
Ms. Lieberman said.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/09/nyregion/public-relations-firms-sue-new-york-e
thics-panelover-new-disclosure-rule.html

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              846 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           January 21, 2015 Wednesday

LENGTH: 445 words


Jim Matheson joins D.C. lobbying firm

SALT LAKE CITY - Former U.S. Rep. Jim Matheson of Utah has joined a major
lobbying firm in Washington, D.C.

The firm Squire Patton Boggs announced in a statement Tuesday that Matheson has
joined the firm's public policy shop.

Tuesday was his first day but federal rules prohibit Matheson from lobbying his
former colleagues for one year. Matheson says in a statement that he's excited
to join the firm and address public policy issues.

The 54-year-old Democrat represented Utah in Congress for 14 years before
deciding not to run for an eighth term last year. During his seven terms in
Congress, Matheson staked himself out as a member of the fiscally conservative
"Blue Dog" Democrats.

- Associated Press

Becker asks residents to one-on-one meetings

SALT LAKE CITY - Salt Lake City Mayor Ralph Becker has invited residents to
schedule one-on-one meetings to be held on Wednesday, Jan. 28. One-on-one
meetings with the mayor are a chance for residents to discuss city-related
issues.

The 10-minute meetings will be held from 3:30 to 5 p.m. in the Mayor's
Conference Room on the third floor, Room 306, of the Salt Lake City-County
Building, 451 S. State. Interested residents can schedule an appointment
beginning Tuesday by calling 801-535-7704 or visiting the mayor's office.

The meetings are scheduled in 10-minute increments. To assist in scheduling and
preparation, residents will be asked to provide information about the subjects
they wish to discuss with Becker. Time slots will be scheduled on a first-come,
first-served basis. The next one-on-one meetings are scheduled for Thursday,
Feb. 26, with scheduling beginning on Monday, Feb. 16.

For more information, visit mayor.slcgov.com.

Canyons administrator joins national board

SANDY - A Canyons School District administrator has been elected by her peers to
serve on the board of directors of the nation's largest advocacy organization
for career and technical education.

Janet Goble, the district's Career and Technical Education director, will assume
the post of administration division vice president on the governing board of the
Association for Career and Technical Education on July 1.

Goble, who has served on the executive board of the Utah Association of Career
and Technical Education, also aims to strengthen current relationships with
post-secondary officials to ensure that high school principals, program
coordinators and teachers are receiving constant feedback about the career and
technical education offerings in secondary schools. In addition, she will be
tasked with planning and executing the Administration Division sessions for this
fall's national VISION conference.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              847 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                           January 12, 2006, Thursday

Letters

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 628 words


Lobbying groups should not contribute to campaign coffers

Regarding your Jan. 10 editorial, "The time is ripe to reform lobbying": There
is only one way to break the hold of special interests on government in
Washington and in all other levels of government, and it has nothing to do with
lobbying itself. Lobbying should be permitted as an essential way to educate
elected officials and government employees.

However, I think only individuals who are eligible to vote should be allowed to
contribute money or anything else of value to any elected official or political
party, and such contributions should be limited to about $1,000 per cause.

Corporations and other special interest groups are not eligible to vote and
should not be allowed to continue corrupting and bribing our government
officials. Lobby to educate, but keep valuable contributions out of it.

Ted Radamaker

Claremont, Calif.

Fiscal and moral responsibility is for all

The Jan. 5 article, "The Comptroller: America's prophet of fiscal doom,"
interviewing David Walker, the comptroller general of the United States,
confirmed so many of my concerns, having grown up during the Great Depression.

Mr. Walker's observations are based on financial facts and figures. Mine are
based on observation of our societal habits of spending and saving (or
overspending and not saving).

Walker is putting it to the government to restructure and reduce its size and to
put limits on discretionary spending and policies. I say fine, but it all begins
at home.

The American people must restructure their financial habits and quit spending
more money than they have coming in. They must look ahead at more than
immediate, pleasurable consumption.

I think heavy responsibility also lies with marketing entities - what company
can justifiably ask a family (of any status) to buy something without paying for
it now? "Don't pay until 2007" - when, no doubt, technology will have made the
newest model more desirable. People hungry for comfort are vulnerable, and the
onus is on marketing firms (just as it is on the government) to show integrity
in their work.

I hope government and business will pay attention to Walker's concerns - even if
it is already too late, as he suggests, in some areas of risk.

Doris H. Thurston

Port Townsend, Wash.

EMP is not the threat some think it is

In regard to Mansoor Ijaz and James Abrahamson's Jan. 4 Opinion piece, "Secure
the US against bloodless terrorist warfare": The authors' arguments seem to be
based more on fear than on science.

Electromagnetic pulse happens all the time. Lightning makes it, for instance.
Solar flares that generate spectacular auroras make it.

The piece makes it sound like a terrorist with a single weak nuke could take out
the whole eastern seaboard of the US with an EMP. Nothing could be further from
the truth.

Yes, someone could fry all the electronics in Manhattan with one detonated in
space. Or he could just detonate the device close to the ground and cause
similar damage from the EMP and a lot more destruction and mayhem - which is, I
think, a terrorist's goal.

Finally, the military and most government emergency services equipment is
designed to be EMP resistant.

Eugene Pharr Jr.

Slidell, La.

The Monitor welcomes your letters and opinion articles. Because of the volume of
mail we receive, we can neither acknowledge nor return unpublished submissions.
All submissions are subject to editing. Letters must be signed and include your
mailing address and telephone number. Any letter accepted will appear in print
and on our website, www.csmonitor.com.

Mail letters to 'Readers Write,' and opinion articles to Opinion Page, One
Norway St., Boston, MA 02115, or fax to (617) 450-2317, or e-mail to
oped(at)csps.com.

(c) Copyright 2006. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             April 7, 2012 Saturday

Unions waiting in 'lobby'

BYLINE: Erik Kriss

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 194 words


ALBANY - The business-backed Committee to Save New York jumped to the top of the
state-lobbying spending chart last year - but it had nothing on teachers unions
when it comes to the influence-peddling game.

While the committee spent $11.9 million on lobbying - most of it promoting Gov.
Cuomo's fiscally austere freshman year agenda through ads - the state and city
teachers unions ponied up $12.9 million on lobbying and campaign expenditures
combined.

Real estate and other business interests formed the committee last year in order
to provide a counterweight to the teachers unions.

"Both of them [the unions and the Committee] are juggernauts in Albany," said
the New York Public Interest Research Group's Bill Mahoney, who analyzed
lobbying expenditures for 2011.

"The special interests have been running Albany for such a long time that it
takes a real effort to bring about change," said Committee spokesman Michael
McKeon.

Total spending on lobbying soared to a record $220.3 million, up by $7 million
over 2010 and by a whopping 175 percent over the $80 million spent in 2001,
Joint Commission on Public Ethics records show.

ekriss@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              849 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                          November 30, 2011 Wednesday

WPP snaps up powerhouse PR firm Glover Park Group

BYLINE: By Kevin Bogardus

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 499 words


The consolidation of K Street continued Tuesday as a global conglomerate snapped
up another well-known lobbying brand. The communications giant WPP announced
that it would acquire Glover Park Group, a powerhouse lobbying and
public-relations firm in Washington. The terms of the deal were not disclosed.

The acquisition follows two other high-profile deals this year: the merger of
Clark & Weinstock with the public-affairs shop Mercury, and Dutko Worldwide's
merger with the global PR firm Grayling. That follows other big mergers in 2010,
including the acquisition of the Breaux Lott Leadership Group by Patton Boggs.
Also last year, BKSH & Associates Worldwide and Timmons & Co. merged to form
Prime Policy Group, now one of K Street's top-earning firms. Scott Pastrick,
president and CEO of Prime Policy, which is also owned by WPP, said it makes
sense for independent lobby shops to enter the global communications market. "It
gives them a deep pocket that gives them potential to grow. They have a parent
company that can help," Pastrick said. "These are large public companies that
offer stability in a business that can often be cyclical." Glover Park had
strong ties to the Clinton administration when it opened its doors in 2001, but
has since branched out to hire Republicans. The firm now has more than 140
employees and four offices, in Washington, New York, Los Angeles and Boulder,
Colo. Glover Park lobbies for several high-profile clients, including Coca-Cola,
Lockheed Martin Corp. and the Walt Disney Co., according to lobbying disclosure
records. WPP is one of the biggest communications companies in the world. It
owns Burston-Marsteller and Hill & Knowlton, among a long list of companies, and
employs more than 153,000 people in 107 countries, taking in revenue of $15
billion. WPP has been snatching up prominent firms active in politics and
lobbying over the years. The company also owns Dewey Square Group, Public
Strategies Inc. and Quinn Gillespie & Associates. "They are judicious,
particularly in an economy like this, when it comes to their purchases," Jack
Quinn, chairman and co-founder of Quinn Gillespie & Associates, said of WPP. "I
think this is a high compliment to Glover Park." Quinn said merging with a
global company gives the lobbying team distinct advantages over the competition.
"Any time that we have needed help outside of Washington, literally anywhere in
the world, you have resources you can reach and can help their clients in that
way," Quinn said. "WPP is a worldwide behemoth. They have referred their clients
from around the world to us. We have been able to take our clients to them and
get help from other WPP companies from different places in the world." Lobbyists
expect there will be few changes at Glover Park Group, if WPP's history is any
guide. "In the case of WPP, they are very wedded to you keeping your brand and
your identity pre-acquisition," Pastrick said. "Their model is the right one,
which is, you keep your independence."

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2011 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              850 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 24, 2010 Wednesday

Stadium authority hires lobbying firm to seek funds for improvements

BYLINE: Charles Schillinger, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 497 words


Feb. 24--The authority that oversees the county-owned minor league baseball
stadium has hired a lobbying firm to help find ways to raise revenue to renovate
PNC Field.

The Lackawanna County Multi-Purpose Stadium Authority hired Buchanan, Ingersoll
and Rooney on Tuesday with no competitive bidding process, including no public
request for qualifications or proposals from other lobbying professionals. The
firm will be paid $5,000 a month.

Authority Solicitor Frank Tunis said no other proposals were sought because the
Harrisburg firm -- which made a presentation to the authority board in January
during an executive session -- was uniquely qualified in lobbying for sports
facilities in Pennsylvania.

The firm will apply for and try to secure state grant funding to renovate the
stadium, Mr. Tunis said. It also will see if there are any legislative remedies
to funding woes, including creating a Neighborhood Improvement Zone around the
stadium so a portion of sales tax within the zone could be used to help fund
stadium improvements.

Resident John McGee urged the board not to hire the firm, or at least seek other
proposals if it was interested in a lobbying firm. Mr. McGee spearheaded the
move to bring baseball to the area two decades ago.

"I think it's a a waste of money," he said, adding the stadium authority,
LackaÂ­wanna County commissioners and Northeast Pennsylvania's state legislators
have the ability to lobby on behalf of the stadium.

Authority chairman Anthony Zaleski disagreed with Mr. McGee. The authority has
only $4 million left in a county bond to make what county stadium consultants
have estimated will be more than $13 million in improvements to PNC Field.

"We want to make sure this team stays here and we want to keep making it the
best experience for people who go there," Mr. Zaleski said.

Because it is a professional service, no bidding process is required. When asked
why no proposals were sought, Mr. Zaleski said they were happy with the firm's
presentation last month.

In other business, the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees team president Kristen Rose
said the county-owned stadium will remain PNC Field after a naming rights
agreement was reached with PNC Bank. However, Ms. Rose declined to release
details, saying the terms of the agreements are confidential.

PNC signed a $1.1 million, three-year deal with the stadium authority board and
former county Commissioner Robert C. Cordaro in March 2007. The agreement gave
control of future naming rights negotiations to the team.

Contact the writer: cschillinger@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100224-YT-Stadium-authority-hires-lobbying
-firm-to-seek-funds-for-improvements-0224

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Tribune


                              851 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                               May 9, 2016 Monday

Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn., Heather J. Carlson column

BYLINE: Heather J. Carlson, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


May 09--Republicans in both the 1st and 2nd Congressional Districts endorsed
congressional candidates on Saturday.

In the 1st District, southern Minnesota Republicans endorsed Jim Hagedorn, the
lone Republican running in the race.

The endorsement sets up a rematch in November between Hagedorn and 1st District
DFL Rep. Tim Walz. Walz defeated Hagedorn in 2014, winning 54 percent of the
vote. The 1st District DFL Convention will be May 14, where Walz is expected to
be endorsed.

In the 2nd Congressional District, former radio talk show host Jason Lewis won
the GOP's backing on the seventh ballot after defeating the lone remaining
challenger -- South St. Paul activist David Gerson.

Lewis is expected to face a primary challenge in August from Burnsville
businesswoman Darlene Miller. Former Red Wing Sen. John Howe is also mulling a
primary run. Democrats previously endorsed former St. Jude's Medical executive
Angie Craig for the seat. The 2nd District seat is considered a political tossup
in the wake of GOP 2nd District Rep. John Kline announcing he would not seek
re-election.

Local lobbying

Local governments spent $8.9 million in 2015 to lobby lawmakers, according to a
report issued by the Office of the State Auditor.

That spending represented an 8 percent increase over the previous year,
according to the report. The city of Rochester spent nearly $100,000 on lobbying
in 2015. Of that money, $15,000 was spent on an administrative/overhead costs
and to hire a lobbying firm directly. Another $84,894 was spent on lobbying via
dues paid to local government organizations that lobby. Rochester is a member of
six organizations, including the Coalition of Greater Minnesota Cities, League
of Minnesota Cities and the Highway 14 Partnership.

Olmsted County spent nearly $92,000 on lobbying. Of that money, $70,164 was
spent on two lobbyists representing the county's interest. The county spent
nearly $22,000 on lobbying via association dues.

Here's a look at how much money other local governments spent on lobbying in
2015:

--Red Wing $48,399.

--Winona $47,152.

--Austin $42,113.

--Rochester Public Schools $33,400.

--Goodhue County $22,546.

--Chatfield $10,327.

--Oronoco $10,162.

Vying to be a delegate

There was plenty of competition at the 1st District Republican convention for
the chance to be a delegate to the Republican National Convention in Cleveland
in July. Each congressional district gets three delegates who are bound to
candidates based on the February caucus results. In the 1st District, one
candidate is bound to vote for Marco Rubio on the first ballot, a second is
bound to vote for Ted Cruz and a third is bound to vote for Donald Trump. After
the first ballot, the delegates can vote for whomever they want. But with only
Trump left in the race, he is considered the presumptive Republican nominee.

A total of 23 people ran for the chance to be a delegate, according to
Republican Party of Olmsted County Chairman Aaron Miller. Joel Hanson of Winona
was elected as the Cruz delegate, Brian Davis of Rochester was elected as the
Rubio delegate and Miller was elected as the Trump delegate.

Heather J. Carlson covers politics for the Post-Bulletin and writes the
Political Party blog.

___ (c)2016 the Post-Bulletin Visit the Post-Bulletin at www.postbulletin.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160509-RC-Post-Bulletin-Rochester-Minn-Heather-J-Carlson-column-0509-20160509

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2016 Post-Bulletin


                              852 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 18, 2005 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

In Appeal, Court Says State Law On Lobbying Is Constitutional

BYLINE: By MICHAEL COOPER

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 540 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 17


In a judgment that paves the way for New York State to renew its regulation of
the $144 million lobbying industry, an appeals court ruled on Thursday that the
state's lobbying law is constitutional after all.

The decision, by the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court, overturned the
findings of a lower court, which ruled in August that the law was
unconstitutional because it allowed the state to fine lobbyists without proper
hearings.

The August ruling put enforcement of the state's lobbying laws on hold, leaving
more than 100 cases and investigations in limbo. Now that the law has been found
constitutional again, Kris Thompson, a spokesman for the state's lobbying
commission, said the commission would move forward with its backlog.

''This ruling allows us to fully enforce and administer all provisions of the
lobbying act,'' Mr. Thompson said.

James D. Featherstonhaugh, a well-known lobbyist and lawyer who argued the case
against the commission, said that he was ''delighted'' because the court also
ruled that the lobbying commission should follow the State Administrative
Procedure Act, which would protect the rights of people who appear before it.

Mr. Featherstonhaugh said the ruling ''clearly cures the due-process
deficiencies which we had raised and allows the commission to go back to
business, while at the same time protecting the rights of people appearing
before it.''

He argued the case on behalf of a group including Russell Simmons, the hip-hop
entrepreneur, and Benjamin Chavis, the former director of the National
Association for the Advancement of Colored People, who formed a coalition to
urge the state to reform its strict Rockefeller-era drug laws. After the group
held a rally to protest the drug laws, the lobbying commission began an inquiry
into whether they had lobbied without registering.

The Legislature reached a compromise that overhauled some of the most draconian
provisions of the Rockefeller drug laws last year, but many advocates for
prisoners' rights and new drug laws argue that much more needs to be done.

Mr. Featherstonhaugh said the commission would need to come up with new
procedures to comply with the ruling; Mr. Thompson, of the lobbying commission,
said that he believed the commission already complies with the ruling, but that
it would review its procedures to make sure they are in step with the decision.

Among the high-profile cases that were put on hold by the lower court's ruling
was an investigation into whether Caesars Entertainment Inc. had violated the
state's $75 limit on gifts to lawmakers when it gave Assembly Speaker Sheldon
Silver and his wife a discounted suite at one of its Las Vegas hotels in 2002.
The Silvers were charged $109 a night for a suite that has rented for as much as
$1,500 a night in the past. Caesars was looking to break into the New York State
gambling market.

When the law was struck down, civic groups hoped that the Legislature would be
forced to overhaul the state's lobbying laws. It did not happen. This year there
is a renewed push to overhaul and strengthen the lobbying laws, with the State
Assembly, the State Senate and Gov. George E. Pataki all proposing bills with
some commonalities.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              853 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            December 10, 2012 Monday

UTA tops in Capitol Hill big-money lobbying

BYLINE: Dennis Romboy Deseret News

LENGTH: 1151 words


SALT LAKE CITY ? When the Utah Legislature convenes next month, one publicly
funded agency will have as many as eight lobbyists bending lawmakers' ears on
Capitol Hill. The Utah Transit Authority spends more on in-state lobbying than
any local government entity. From 2008 through September 2012, UTA contracts
with state lobbyists totaled nearly $1.3 million, according to figures provided
by the agency. On average, it pays out about $260,000 a year.

A Deseret News and KSL-TV analysis of public agency and local city spending on
state lobbyists shows UTA at or near the top of the list not only locally but
nationally as well. In comparison to transit agencies in a dozen large cities
across the country, only Houston outspends UTA on in-state lobbying. Some major
cities including Boston, Seattle and Minneapolis don't contract with state
lobbyists at all. UTA also ranks among the biggest spenders on
transportation-related lobbying in Washington, information detailed previously
as part of the Deseret News/KSL report. In total, UTA has paid $3.5 million to
lobbyists at the federal and state level the past five years. Transit authority
officials defend the big spending, saying every dollar spent has brought more
than $500 to the agency. In the past five years it has hauled in more than $1
billion in federal funds for operating costs and system expansion, more dollars
per capita than any metropolitan transit agency in the country. UTA general
manager Mike Allegra called it a "choreographed" effort that requires
establishing many relationships. "I think we've had some of the best success in
the country in terms of soliciting dollars as well as providing policy direction
both at the federal and a little bit more at the state level now," he said while
riding FrontRunner on a test run to Provo. "With the transition from federal
policies to state policies, we have put a little more emphasis on state." Only
Sandy comes close to UTA in terms of number of lobbyists and dollars spent. The
city currently contracts with six local firms or individuals and has paid them
$1.2 million the past five years. It spent another $900,000 to lobby in the
nation's capital. Allegra said UTA is larger than any city in Utah in terms of
its annual budget and "scope of what we provide." UTA is in the midst of its
$2.3 billion expansion project, adding 70 miles of rail service, including the
FrontRunner South commuter train to Provo that opened Monday. TRAX extensions to
Salt Lake City International Airport and to Draper are scheduled to open next
year. Local dollars fund about 80 percent of that project, while the remainder
is federal money. One state Senate leader, however, questions the need for
publicly funded entities to send contract lobbyists to the Legislature at all,
and has proposed laws over the years to ban it, but without success. "I don?t
think we should allow lobbying from agencies that have public money," said
Senate Majority Leader Scott Jenkins, R-Plain City. "I just don't think it
should be allowed, especially for those people who are up here and we deal with
them on a regular basis. They can knock on my door and walk in any time, so why
do you need a lobbyist?" What UTA gets from lobbying on the state and local
levels is less visible than on the federal level. Bruce Jones, UTA general
counsel, said it's about listening to and educating local and state elected
officials in the 80 cities and six counties in the transit district, not
proposing or selling legislation. Transit issues, he said, are complex because
they involve planning for roads, utilities and land use. "I would say 80 percent
of our agenda is to respond to inquiries, not to lobby for specific causes," he
said. Lobbyists act as UTA's eyes and ears, relaying information from mayors or
legislators gathered in meetings or other settings. "That is a huge expenditure
of manpower, but it's critical," Jones said. "There would be many that would say
we don't spend near enough resources in communicating with cities and counties
and the federal government," he said. "We try to balance that. Hopefully, we've
struck a good balance." UTA has considered hiring a full-time government
relations specialist. But Jones said it's more cost-effective right now to buy a
portion of time with those who have expertise with city or state governments.
"It's hard to find one or two or five people that have all of those talents and
to spend less money than we spend, frankly," he said. The UTA juggernaut deploys
a roster of well-connected, politically savvy local lobbyists who run in the
same circles as UTA board members, state legislators and local government
leaders.  They include former Republican House Speaker Greg Curtis and former
Senate President Miles "Cap" Ferry, according to documents on file in the
lieutenant governor's office. Curtis served in the Legislature with current UTA
board chairman and Republican House Majority Whip Greg Hughes, of Draper. Others
include Capitol Hill lobbyists Dave Stewart, Alan Dayton and Mike Zuhl, who
works for longtime UTA lobbyist R&R Partners, which also has several Wasatch
Front cities as clients. Dayton is a former deputy mayor and acting mayor of
Salt Lake County. Most of UTA's lobbyists declined to be interviewed, saying the
agency asked them to direct questions to UTA. But in an interview last year Zuhl
acknowledged their influence has made a difference with lawmakers. "I do believe
we've had an impact in terms of how local and state officials have viewed UTA.
That's part of what we do as advocates," said Zuhl who has 30 years of
experience in state and local government. He helped push through sales tax
increases for UTA in 2000 and 2006. The transit authority hires lobbyists to
address prospective legislation and win financial and political support for
major rail expansion, driving job growth and reducing congestion, said Gerry
Carpenter, UTA spokesman. "The efforts being made by lobbyists are extensive,
and the lucrative compensation they receive is appropriate," he said. With the
ability of lobbyists to give and bundle campaign contributions and influence
legislation, public funding of lobbyists concentrates power in a few hands, said
Kirk Jowers, director of the Hinckley Institute of Politics at the University of
Utah. "You simply have a monopoly of very narrow interests which can control
public debate and public policy," he said. Those relationships don't pass the
smell test for Roger Kehr, a Cottonwood Heights resident and sharp critic of
UTA. "Venn diagrams are basically circles of interest," he said, ticking off the
names of lobbyists, politicians and others connected to the transit agency.
"Each of them has a circle of interest, and if you look where all those circles
of interest intersect, they intersect at one spot. That spot is UTA."
Contributing: John Daley E-mail: romboy@desnews.com Twitter: dennisromboy

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              854 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Media General Washington Bureau

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 1, 2009 Sunday

Virginia companies still spending big on lobbying

BYLINE: Neil H. Simon, Media General Washington Bureau

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1817 words


Mar. 1--WASHINGTON -- Ten of Virginia's top 20 revenue-producing public
companies combined to spend more than $100,000 a day lobbying the federal
government last year, records show.

While CEOs tried to stay a step ahead of the sliding U.S. economy, and
then-candidate Barack Obama took a firm stand against corporate influence in
Washington, eight Virginia-based companies -- including Richmond-based Altria
Group Inc., Genworth Financial Inc. and Dominion Resources Inc. -- each spent
north of $1 million in 2008 trying to influence lawmakers.

Altria, parent company of cigarette maker Philip Morris USA, topped the lobbying
list, spending $13.8 million to sway Washington politicians.

The median amount the top 20 revenue-earners spent lobbying was $465,000,
according to an analysis of federal disclosure forms by Media General News
Service. Lobbyists must report their spending every three months, listing issues
they seek to influence.

Below is a look at the top spenders, top revenue earners, those who changed
their lobbying posture, those who did not lobby at all, and how the lobbying
reporting requirements still allow for secrecy in the big business of government
influence.

In moving its headquarters from New York to Richmond last year, Altria became
the state's second-largest company, based on 2008 revenues. But on the lobbying
list, it's far and away No. 1 -- spending more than defense contractor General
Dynamics Corp. (No. 2) and railroad company Norfolk Southern Corp. (No. 3.)
combined.

Altria spent $13.8 million on five in-house lobbyists, 22 contractors and what
the company's government affairs vice president Bruce Gates called a defensive
strategy to minimize taxes on tobacco products.

"Our product is one that is constantly viewed as a source of income," he said.

One of the first bills President Barack Obama signed into law increased the tax
on cigarettes by 61 cents per pack to fund an expansion of children's health
insurance -- a bill Altria opposed.

But Altria has bucked the tobacco industry by supporting a bill to empower the
Food and Drug Administration to regulate tobacco products. You wouldn't know it
based on disclosure forms, though. Reporting rules do not require lobbyists to
indicate their position on issues, just to list the subjects on which they
lobbied.

Insurer Genworth Financial Inc. (No. 4 in lobbying) spent $3.4 million dollars
on government affairs in 2008, a year in which the insurer lost $572 million.

"It is important for policymakers and elected officials to better understand the
issues we face in our industry, ... particularly in this economic environment,"
said company spokeswoman Yokima Cureton.

Nearly a third of Genworth's lobbying spending came in the last three months of
the year as the company lobbied for the $700 billion Wall Street bailout
package. At the same time, Genworth pursued the acquisition of Minnesota-based
InterBank. By owning a bank and becoming a savings and loan, Genworth would be
eligible for the bailout funds. The deal to buy InterBank is still not
completed.

Genworth also lobbied on housing and health issues, including bills related to
Alzheimer's family assistance and long term care trust accounts (neither
passed). Genworth's lobbying disclosure forms do not indicate positions taken.

McLean-based Capital One Financial Corp., which received $3.6 billion under the
bailout, also lobbied on banking and finance issues last year.

But long before bailouts were in vogue, Virginia-based companies held out their
hats at Uncle Sam's door. None has received more money in recent years than
Falls Church-based Defense Department contractor General Dynamics Corp.

General Dynamics spent $6.7 million lobbying on defense and homeland security
spending bills last year and $7.2 million the year before. What did they get in
return? Government contracts totaling $30.6 billion, according to the Office of
Management and Budget, the agency that tracks federal dollars. The company has
ranked among the top five recipients of government contracts every year since
2000.

General Dynamics officials were hesitant to talk about their lobbying efforts.

"It's an education process," said Kendell Pease, the company's vice president of
government relations. "Many of our programs are very complex, and we have many
requests by members [of Congress] asking for more information."

In 2008, General Dynamics' largest contracts were $1 billion to build a
submarine in Connecticut, $613 million to make tanks and $538 million to produce
armored Stryker vehicles.

All of those contracts -- and 47 percent of the taxpayer dollars awarded to the
company in 2008 -- came without a competitive bidding process. The government
lists General Dynamics as the "unique source" for the defense work.

"We don't go into detail about our process," Pease said.

Few companies do. Computer Sciences Corporation of Falls Church spent $980,000
lobbying on defense and other issues in 2008 and received $4.4 billion in
government contracts that fiscal year. They did not return calls seeking comment
for this story.

For government contractors, lobbying goes beyond trying to influence
legislation, said Steve Lunceford, spokesman for McLean-based BearingPoint Inc.
The technology consulting firm counts on government contracts for 40 percent of
its revenues, he said, mainly from the U.S. Agency for International Development
and the Pentagon.

"Our lobbying efforts are really market intelligence," Lunceford said. "It's
more, what's going on in the federal government, what are the priorities going
to be?"

Even meat packers get in on the government business. Smithfield Foods Inc.,
Virginia's sixth-largest revenue-producing company, lobbies routinely to block
excessive government regulation, a spokesman said. The company reported lobbying
on energy (think biofuels), trade and labor issues. But it also got a $35
million Defense contract to provide food for military commissaries.

Five of the state's top 20 revenue-earning companies reported net income losses
in 2008. Even a depressed economy apparently is no reason to cut the lobbying
budget.

Most of the 20 companies increased or held steady their 2008 lobbying efforts
compared to 2007. Five companies, including The Brink's Company and Dominion
Resources, increased lobbying spending by 50 percent or more.

"When the government is handing out billions of dollars to help salvage the
economy, lobbyists are going to be among the last people to lose their jobs,"
said Massie Ritsch, spokesman for the Center for Responsive Politics. "They are
people who can deliver revenue in terms of government loans, tax subsidies and
contracts."

Dominion increased its lobbying effort just as Congress began to tackle a
sweeping climate change bill last spring, which would have had a major impact on
the energy company and its coal-fired power plants. Dominion lobbied against the
bill, which the Senate killed in June.

Company spokesman David Botkins said in a prepared statement, "We believe in
being engaged in the democratic process on behalf of our customers, employees
and shareholders."

Brink's did not return calls seeking comment.

Railroad giant Norfolk Southern doubled its lobbying spending in 2008 to $6.3
million, focusing on transportation and environmental issues.

"[Trains] are easier on the environment; we are very fuel-efficient and we can
help take some of the strain off of the highway system, ... it's very important
constituents know about that," said Frank Brown, spokesman for Norfolk Southern.

Despite all the reporting requirements and Congress displaying lobbying forms
online, few companies go so far as Norfolk Southern to detail its lobbying
efforts.

Its last lobbying report had specificity like this: "opposed section 105 that
increases maximum truck weights to 97,000 [pounds]." The bill did not pass.

The rail company supported coal-to-liquid technologies in the climate change
bill and opposed the Railroad Antitrust Enforcement Act and on-time performance
rules for passenger trains. None of those bills passed last Congress.

Usually companies list the issues they lobbied or the bill numbers they worked.
But they don't typically say whether they supported or opposed all or part of
the bill.

"Companies tend to do the minimum," said Ritsch at the Center for Responsive
Politics.

Glen Allen-based international packaging company MeadWestvaco also reports
clearly its legislative positions -- opposing the climate change bill, a
so-called fair pay bill and labor's Free Choice Act, and supporting a free trade
agreement with Colombia. The fair pay act became the first bill Obama signed
into law. The other issues remain pending.

The transparency of these two Virginia companies should be a "model for every
company," Ritsch said. But even this level of reporting fails to capture all the
ways companies influence lawmakers.

"When a defense contractor puts an ad in the Metro station that members of
Congress and their staffs use or that officials at the Pentagon use, that's
intended to influence decision-making, but that's not lobbying," Ritsch said.

Nor do lobbying forms show campaign contributions the companies' affiliated
political action committees make to federal candidates. Thirteen of Virginia's
top 20 have such PACs. Combined they gave $12.3 million to federal candidates in
the last two-year election cycle.

Three of Virginia's top 20 companies, including Mechanicsville-based Owens &
Minor Inc., reported no lobbying expenditures last year. But that doesn't mean
they sat out the legislative process.

"In the past we've generally relied on our trade associations and coalitions to
act on our behalf," said Trudi Allcott, a spokeswoman for Owens & Minor, a
medical supply company. The Health Industry Distributors Association spent
$110,000 lobbying the federal government last year for the 180 companies it
represents.

And Richmond-based CarMax Inc., which had not lobbied at all in 2007, hired a
D.C. firm last fall to successfully fight for tax incentives for car buyers and
other issues in the bailout bill.

Companies that are veterans at the lobbying routine say it's simply part of
doing business.

"There are lots of people with lots of ideas that may adversely affect our
business," said Smithfield Foods spokesman Dennis Treacy. "We need to be on
guard."

For Top 50 Virginia business listings, go to Virginia Business.

For an interactive chart of the Virginia businesses' lobbying, click here.

To search for another company's lobbying expenditures, go to the Senate site.

For more information about Media General's Washington Bureau, go to
www.mgwashington.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Media General Washington Bureau
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090301-QM-LOBBYING-20090301

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QM


                 Copyright 2009 Media General Washington Bureau


                              855 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              July 19, 2010 Monday

July 20 Readers' letters

BYLINE: From Mercury News readers

SECTION: LETTERS; News; Opinion

LENGTH: 790 words


California voters, the blame is ours

Congratulations on the excellent, original journalism in evidence in your "How
Our Laws Are Really Made" series (Page 1A, July 18).

I was struck by last week's piece and the letters in response at the anger and
frustration misplaced on lobbyists and lawmakers. As you aptly note, the
unintended consequence of term limits is that lobbyists and career staffers are
the most experienced politicians in Sacramento.

Voters have always held the power of term limits. It is our responsibility and
duty to vote out of office legislators who fail the people whether through poor
policy, complacency or focus on elections over legislative responsibility.
Voters abdicated that power by supporting term limits in place of our
responsibility and right to engage actively in government and exercise our
votes.

Ironically, California voters have demonstrated our lack of trust in government
by passing a hodgepodge of propositions that ensure our government doesn't work
and making it virtually impossible for elected representatives to be effective
stewards of the state. We have no one to blame but ourselves.

Chris Shipley

Redwood City

Try a unicameral Assembly for size

Kudos to the Mercury News for the lobbying series. I agree that term limits
(Editorial, July 18) are a related problem. My solution would give every member
of the California Assembly up to three terms of four years each. Have a
unicameral Assembly of 120 members who would be elected in the even years
between presidential elections.

My plan would allow Assembly members to represent one-third as many inhabitants
as state senators now represent. This would bring voters closer to legislators.
Nebraska has always had a unicameral legislature. Why not California?

Tom Gleason

Campbell

To get results, limit government

The articles on lobbying the Legislature do not provide an effective solution.
Abolishing term limits (Editorial, July 18) is merely a Band-Aid applied to a
serious injury. The root problem is intrusive government. When government was
much more limited than it is today, lobbying was at most a very minor industry.
But with government sticking its nose into every nook and cranny of our lives,
defensive lobbying becomes essential for survival of many businesses.

Limit the reach of government and lobbying, including what the economists call
"rent seeking" (gaining an economic advantage), as a major problem will
disappear.

Robert C. Whitten

Cupertino

Can't run state on initiative process

And we wonder why the rest of the country thinks California is inhabited by
nuts. Denis Theriault's (Page 1B, July 19) article about a campaign to ban
divorce is actually a wake-up call to stop trying to run this state with
one-shot solutions via ballot initiative.

Too many ballot initiatives aimed at providing our state with a one-shot
solution to complex problems have contributed mightily to our current gridlock
in the state. This doesn't even begin to address the workability of such a law.

Prohibition should be an object lesson about trying to legislate personal
behavior that does not belong codified in law. The mess such a law would
generate in people's personal lives might distract us from more substantive
worries. Let's attempt to turn our backs on any additional nuttiness.

Donald C. Barnett

San Jose

Bike party lights up a Friday night

Catherine Christofferson (Letters, July 19) was upset because she had to drive
slowly through the Friday bike party. Doesn't she realize that there are many
different ways to get from Santana Row to wherever she was going and bypass
Winchester Boulevard and Payne Avenue where the bikers were riding?

We were greatly entertained (the whole neighborhood) by the many bikers who rode
down Payne Avenue on Friday night. My great-grandchildren got to see their
auntie riding and watch all the lighted bikes and listen to the music. It was a
great way to spend a couple of hours.

Faye Seekins

San Jose

Place blame where it really belongs

Cathy Heape (Letters, July 17) leaves me puzzled. A self-centered 24-year-old
man drives his car ignoring basic traffic rules. He then ignores a patrol
officer's insistence that he pull over. The driver chooses to ignore yet another
red light and steers his car into oncoming traffic. He kills an innocent
15-year-old girl and devastates a family for life.

Yet, according to some, it's the patrol officer's fault. How? Did he force this
24-year-old man to push the gas pedal? No. Watching a driver endanger others
with blatant disregard of the rules, the officer tried to prevent a potentially
hazardous situation. Yet the officer gets blamed. What about the man who drove
the car that killed the girl? Let's start placing the blame where it really
belongs.

Cindy Brown

Hollister

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             India Automobile News

                     November 4, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Polaris Grants 200th TRAILS Grant

LENGTH: 419  words


Nov. 4 -- Since Polaris launched its T.R.A.I.L.S. Grant Program in 2006, the
company has donated more than $1.7 million to ATV and ORV clubs, associations
and grassroots groups across the United States to ensure the future of safe,
legal and accessible ATV riding. This past September, Polaris awarded its 200th
grant, highlighting the breadth of the program and the extent of its impact on
the riding community.

The grant program encompasses two main objectives: promoting safe and
responsible riding and preserving trail access.  Funds can be used by
organizations for trail development and maintenance projects, safety and
education initiatives, lobbying, and other projects to increase and maintain
land access. The acronym T.R.A.I.L.S stands for:

T = Trail Development

R = Responsible Riding

A = Access

I  = Initiatives

L = Lobbying

S = Safety

"Off-Road organizations are the heart and soul of our sport," said David
Longren, president of Polaris Off-Road Vehicles. "The T.R.A.I.L.S Grant Program
was developed to support the initiatives of those organizations to help ensure
the future of off-road riding."

The nine not-for-profit organizations awarded a September 2015 T.R.A.I.L.S.
grant received awards ranging from $7,000 to $10,000, for a total gift of
$107,000. The grants will be used towards the development, improvement and
expansion of trails, lobbying efforts, and the update and expansion of ATV/ORV
educational materials.

The September 2015 T.R.A.I.L.S. grant recipients are:

BlueRibbon Coalition Legal Defense Fund (Idaho)

San Diego Off-Road Coalition (California)

Ravalli County Off Road User Association (Montana)

Woodtick Wheelers (Minnesota)

Cope Environmental Education Center (Indiana)

Southwest Regional Recreation Authority (Virginia)

Itasca County Land Department (Minnesota)

State Organizations

VT ATV Sportsman's Association (Vermont)

National Organizations

Daniel Boone National Forest (Kentucky)

Grant applications are reviewed twice a year, in March and September, with
corresponding submission deadlines of March 1 and September 1.  Organizations
must have 501c3, 501c7 or non-profit organization status. Project funding or
matching funding from other sources is an important criteria to be considered
for a T.R.A.I.L.S. grant.

For more information on the 'T.R.A.I.L.S.' grant program and an application
form, visit the Polaris Web site at www.polarisindustries.com and click on
"Riders," then select "Right to Ride" or follow this link:
http://www.pi54.com/ATV/PDFs/TRAILSGrantAppForm.pdf.

Source: Polaris

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              857 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            August 16, 2011 Tuesday
                                  ML2 Edition

Lobbying costs Boeing $4.4 mil.

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 521 words


Lobbying costs Boeing $4.4 mil.

WASHINGTON -- Aircraft builder and defense contractor Boeing Co. spent $4.4
million lobbying the government during the second quarter on issues including
federal defense and aviation spending and foreign relations.The lobbying bill
was down a little from the nearly $5 million it spent during the April-June
period in 2010. Chicago-based Boeing has interests ranging from commercial
aviation to defense, space, and, more recently, cyber security.It lobbied on
issues including upgrading technology at the Federal Aviation Administration,
funding for NASA and the space station, and on science education and pilot
training issues.It also lobbied on aviation safety and foreign repair stations,
which are inspected by the FAA if they maintain planes for U.S. airlines.Boeing
also lobbied on tax issues and the functions of the Export-Import bank, which
backs loans to foreign airlines so they can buy Boeing planes.

Sara Lee launches deli ads

DOWNERS GROVE -- Sara Lee Deli has launched "Meat Brought To Perfection," anew,
integrated marketing campaign to drive increased awareness of the Sara Lee Deli
pre-sliced and sliced-to-order portfolios, focusing on its location in grocers'
deli sections. The campaign, created by TBWA\Chiat\Day of Los Angeles, includes
radio and digital advertising, billboards, free standing inserts and in-store
activation, all profiling Sara Lee Deli products as a premium offering. The
campaign is targeted to people who are passionate about their deli meat and
appreciate perfection in the smallest detail.

AAR lands Virgin contract

WOOD DALE -- AAR Corp. said it has been awarded an 18-month contract from Virgin
America to provide maintenance and installation services for the airline's
growing fleet of Airbus 320 series aircraft. Through its Aircraft Services
facility in Miami, Fla., AAR will perform comprehensive heavy maintenance
"D-Checks" on Virgin America's existing fleet of aircraft and install seating
and advanced in-flight entertainment systems on their upcoming aircraft
deliveries from Airbus. The Virgin America aircraft feature some of the most
sophisticated and feature-rich entertainment systems in use today, providing
passengers with in-flight access to satellite TV, movies, games, Internet and
personal mood lighting.

Astellas names senior veep

DEERFIELD -- Astellas U.S. has named Percival Barretto-Ko as senior vice
president, corporate strategy and government affairs, a new position added to
the company's leadership team.  Barretto-Ko will be responsible for corporate
planning, business development, government policy and external affairs and state
government affairs. Barretto-Ko will move from the position of executive
director, corporate strategy and communications at Astellas Pharma Europe Ltd.
While there, he led the global launch of Astellas' new pipeline drug, Advagraf
(tacrolimus prolonged release) in 20 countries. He was promoted to lead the
organization's corporate planning function and ultimately directed corporate
strategy, corporate planning, corporate communications, crisis management and
corporate social responsibility.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              858 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 30, 2007 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Where Are They Now?

BYLINE: By FARHANA HOSSAIN

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; National Desk; POLITICAL ACTION: THE DEFEATED; Pg.
18

LENGTH: 370 words


Where do former lawmakers end up after being voted out of office? Teaching
politics at local universities, it seems. And what happens to congressmen who
have lost re-election primarily because of their ties to lobbyists?

They are likely to be working for lobbyists. We look at the paths taken by
politicians who lost some of the most contested races in 2006.   FARHANA
HOSSAINCOLLEGESLincoln Chafee, Rhode Island RepublicanVisiting fellow at the
Watson Institute for International Studies at Brown University, where he will
lead a study group on American foreign policy. After the election, Mr. Chafee
said he was weighing leaving the Republican Party.Mike DeWine, Ohio
RepublicanHas accepted teaching positions at Cedarville University and Miami
University in Ohio.Harold E. Ford Jr., Tennessee DemocratVisiting professor at
Vanderbilt University, where he is teaching a seminar on American political
leadership. Last week, he was named chairman of the centrist Democratic
Leadership Council, whose past leaders include President Bill Clinton.LOBBY
FIRMSConrad Burns, Montana RepublicanA senior adviser for Gage, a lobbying firm
headed by his former chief of staff, Leo Giacometto. Senate rules mandate that
Mr. Burns wait two years before lobbying his former colleagues.Richard W. Pombo,
California RepublicanThe president of Pac/West Communications, a lobbying firm
based in Oregon, told the Capitol Hill newspaper Roll Call that the company was
in talks with Mr. Pombo.RESEARCHRick Santorum, Pennsylvania RepublicanFellow at
the Center for Ethics and Public Policy, a conservative research group. He will
establish a program, called America's Enemies, that creates awareness of the
''threats posed to America and the West from a growing array of anti-Western
forces,'' according to the center.BOOKSKatherine Harris, Florida RepublicanU.S.
News & World Report quoted Republican insiders as saying that she is writing a
book.Mike Sodrel, Indiana RepublicanTold Bloomberg News this month that he
planned to write a book to help people understand politics. ''The average person
can't sit down and read John Locke's Second Treatise on Government,'' he said.
''I hope to distill it down into something relatively simple.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              859 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            February 10, 2006 Friday

Drive to curb lobbying hits roadblocks

BYLINE: Sheryl Gay Stolberg

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 741 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The election-year push to impose new limits on lobbying is running into
roadblocks on Capitol Hill.

Lawmakers are clashing on such issues as whether to ban gifts and corporate
travel and whether ethics investigations should be conducted by outside
watchdogs or members of Congress.

The disputes, which have been percolating over the past few weeks, have exploded
in recent days, with a nasty public spat between two prominent senators John
McCain, Republican of Arizona, and Barack Obama, Democrat of Illinois.And there
have been open divisions among House Republicans as they head into a weekend
retreat where changes to lobbying laws will be high on the agenda.

The differences emerged during a Senate Rules Committee hearing Wednesday, where
Obama testified alongside McCain and two other senators, Russell Feingold,
Democrat of Wisconsin, and Norm Coleman, Republican of Minnesota.

Obama proposed creating an independent commission to investigate ethics abuses.

But Republicans did not embrace the idea, and Coleman was critical in a
statement issued after the hearing.

''This is a clubby institution, Congress,'' Obama said, adding that he intended
to try to win McCain's support. ''And the idea that there might be a watchdog
process outside of it, I think, will be tough to achieve.''

That clubbiness seemed to extend Wednesday to McCain and Obama, who earlier this
week traded and made public stinging letters about lobbying overhaul. The
exchange began when McCain took issue with Obama's support of a proposal offered
by the Senate Democratic leadership, saying that endorsement showed that Obama
was not interested in bipartisan solutions. During the hearing, Obama wryly
referred to McCain as ''my pen pal.''

The lobbying disputes do not fall entirely along party lines, and the issues at
stake may be too arcane to draw great public interest.

But they are critically important to politicians and lobbyists, and how they are
resolved may set the stage not only for this year's midterm campaigns, but also
for how Congress polices itself in the years to come.

And they are being complicated by election-year politics.

''Already, we are hearing the sound of furious backpedaling in the corridors of
power,'' Feingold said Wednesday. ''People even seem to be having doubts about
something that seemed a few weeks ago like a done deal a ban on privately funded
travel.''

Indeed, the House Republican leadership is split on the idea of gift and travel
bans. The House speaker, Representative Dennis Hastert of Illinois, has proposed
such a ban, but the newly elected majority leader, Representative John Boehner
of Ohio, is openly cool to the idea.

Coleman on Wednesday defended privately financed trips, likening them to a
''public-private partnership.''

The varying proposals come as Republicans leaders of the House and Senate are
trying to put lobbying law changes on a fast track. In the wake of the Jack
Abramoff lobbying scandal, polls show the public favors reform. But Republicans
do not want the issue to become a central theme of the November campaigns, and
are hoping to dispense with legislation well before Election Day.

Senator Trent Lott, the Mississippi Republican and chairman of the Rules
Committee, said he expected the panel to meet at the end of February to draft
legislation.

But Democrats, who have been hammering an election-year theme around a
''Republican culture of corruption,'' may be inclined to drag out the debate.

On Wednesday, McCain, who has tried to cast himself as a reformer, seemed to be
wrestling with the idea of privately financed travel, and seemed to reject the
idea of an outright ban.

The senator drew a distinction between well-intentioned trips, like those
financed by nongovernmental organizations to study a problem like African
hunger, and junkets. Perhaps, he said, lawmakers need an independent arbiter to
screen trips in advance, and then check back afterward to ensure the travel was
legitimate.

The issue of earmarks, the congressional term for projects inserted into
legislation, sometimes at the behest of lobbyists and often without public
notice, is also proving problematic. Boehner is a staunch opponent of earmarks,
but Hastert and other Republicans have argued that lawmakers need to have
influence on individual projects that affect their districts.

In the Senate, lawmakers are coalescing around the idea that earmarks should be
subjected to a 60-vote requirement if a senator objects to them.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              860 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   May 13, 2002 Monday Five Star Lift Edition

SCANDAL PUTS LOBBYING BY CHURCH UNDER CLOSER SCRUTINY IN THE STATE;
 MEASURE TO BAR STATE FROM OVERSEEING SALE OF CHURCH ASSETS IS EXAMPLE

BYLINE: Eric Stern

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 396 words


Since the priest sex abuse scandal broke this year, the Catholic Church's
lobbying efforts in Jefferson City have been confronted with more caution and at
times suspicion.

The Missouri Catholic Conference, the lobbying arm for the Archdiocese of St.
Louis and the dioceses of Kansas City, Jefferson City and Cape Girardeau, keeps
a strong presence at the state capital when it comes to legislation about
abortion or the death penalty.

But its efforts also can be found tucked into other bills.

Just two weeks ago during a lengthy Senate debate, the church tried to bar the
state from overseeing the sale or transfer of assets by churches and their
nonprofit organizations.

The measure alarmed the attorney general's office, which scrutinizes financial
dealings of charities and nonprofit groups. It would have severely limited the
office to act in the public interest, officials said.

In 1997 and 1998, they noted, Attorney General Jay Nixon's office pored over
details of the sale of several nonprofit hospitals affiliated with the Catholic
Church to Tenet Health System Hospitals, a for-profit corporation.

To compensate the public for the years of tax breaks the hospitals received
under their nonprofit status, Nixon convinced the parties to contribute millions
of dollars to charity as part of the sales.

The legislative proposal offered this month would have kept Nixon away from such
deals, officials in his office said. The proposal was so "breathtaking in scope"
that it could mean the state government can't get involved with any church
asset, down to registering a church van with the Department of Revenue, a Nixon
aide said.

While most legislators apparently paid little attention to the provision, it did
catch the eye of Sen. Ken Jacob, D-Columbia, who noticed the four-sentence
provision while thumbing through the bill during the debate.

Jacob argued that church leaders, concerned with lawsuits from the sex scandals,
were trying to insulate their assets to prevent payments to sexual abuse
victims.

Sen. David Klarich, R-Ballwin, who sponsored the bill, and Larry Weber,
executive director of the Catholic Conference, said Jacob was wrong about the
intent of the measure. The only issue at hand was the separation of church and
state, they said.

They later agreed to strip the church-asset language from the bill.

The bill is SB1152.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              861 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 17, 1987, Saturday, Final Edition

Counsel Asked For Inquiry On Nofziger

BYLINE: George Lardner Jr., Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 892 words


The Justice Department disclosed yesterday that it has asked for appointment of
an independent counsel to investigate former White House aide Lyn Nofziger's
alleged lobbying for two companies shortly after leaving the Reagan
administration in 1982.

Deputy Attorney General Arnold I. Burns made the request to a special federal
court here Jan. 6 in light of what he called "credible information concerning
two allegations against Mr. Nofziger," President Reagan's longtime friend and
political adviser. The three-judge court authorized disclosure of the six-page
application yesterday afternoon.

The appointment, which has yet to be made, would give the government an
unprecedented number of special prosecutors working at the same time to sort out
alleged misdeeds on the part of high-ranking Reagan administration officials and
former officials. Three other independent counsels have been appointed over the
past year. And sources say still another was sought recently, in a secret
filing, to scrutinize finances of an assistant attorney general.

The allegations against Nofziger concern his lobbying in 1982 and early 1983 for
the Wedtech Corp., a Bronx-based defense contractor that won a series of no-bid
military contracts, and Comet Rice Inc., a California company bogged down in a
dispute over rice exports to South Korea.

Federal ethics laws prohibit former high-ranking officials from lobbying at
their old agencies for a year after leaving the government. The Justice
Department launched a preliminary inquiry into Nofziger's activities last fall
when his work for Wedtech, originally known as the Welbilt Electronic Die Corp.,
came to light in a New York-based probe of the company's payments to politically
connected law firms and consultants.

Burns said Nofziger's lobbying for Comet Rice came to the Justice Department's
attention two weeks later. The deputy attorney general took charge of the
preliminary inquiry when Attorney General Edwin Meese III disqualified himself
on grounds of his longstanding friendship with Nofziger, dating from Reagan's
days as governor of California.

Paul Perito, one of Nofziger's attorneys, welcomed the prospective inquiry and
predicted vindication.

"We believe that after a full, fair and thorough investigation, a finding will
be made by the independent counsel that our client did not violate any provision
of the Ethics in Government Act or any other provision of federal criminal law,"
Perito said.

Perito declined to elaborate, but Nofziger and his lawyers are expected to argue
that he did not have the requisite criminal intent.

Nofziger left the White House on Jan. 22, 1982, with the reported aim of making
"one or two million dollars in a couple of years." Shortly after that, Wedtech
hired him and Mark Bragg, his new partner, for help in securing a $ 32.2 million
contract to produce small gasoline engines for the Army despite Pentagon
opposition.

In his petition to the court, Burns pointed out that Nofziger wrote a May 1982
letter on Wedtech's behalf to James Jenkins, then deputy counselor to the
president, asking for Jenkins' help in obtaining a "letter of intent" from the
Army regarding the minority business contract Welbilt wanted.

Shortly before the letter was written, Burns added, Jenkins held a meeting at
the White House, attended by Army and Small Business Administration officials,
along with Nofziger's partner, Bragg, to discuss financing for Wedtech (then
Welbilt).

"It thus appears that at the time of Mr. Nofziger's letter to Mr. Jenkins," the
court was told, "the White House Office was involved in negotiations relating to
this Welbilt contract proposal and had a direct and substantial interest in the
award . . . . In September of 1982 Welbilt was granted the Army contract."

Comet Rice enlisted Nofziger that same year, as Nofziger once said in a
deposition for a civil suit, to get "its side of the story" to President Reagan
in a complicated dispute over shipments of rice to South Korea from California's
1981 and 1982 crops.

Burns told the court Nofziger sent a Dec. 16, 1982, letter and two follow-up
notes on Comet's behalf to William P. Clark, then assistant to the president for
national security affairs. Comet was trying to persuade the State Department to
let it substitute 1982 rice for 1981 rice that the South Koreans had contracted
to buy but that Comet was unable to supply.

"Ultimately, Comet Rice did obtain approval from the government to substitute
1982 rice for the 1982 crop," Burns told the court. "Whether Mr. Nofziger's
conduct in either of these matters was in violation of [the 1978 ethics law] or
any other provision warrants further investigation."

The appointment will be made by senior Circuit Court Judges George MacKinnon of
Washington, Lewis Morgan of Atlanta and Wilbur F. Pell Jr. of Chicago. Pell was
appointed by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist earlier this week following the
death of senior Circuit Court Judge Walter Mansfield of New York.

Nofziger and Bragg were given close to $ 1 million worth of stock in Wedtech
when the company went public in 1983. Wedtech also agreed to pay them a retainer
of more than $ 100,000 before their services expired at the end of 1985. Top
Comet Rice executive Gerald D. Murphy has said of Nofziger's work that "he was a
friend and we paid him $ 6,000."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, (LYN NOFZIGER)

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              862 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 16, 2003 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Pataki Seeks Broader Rules On Lobbying

BYLINE:  By MICHAEL COOPER

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 827 words


Gov. George E. Pataki, who was sidelined by the State Legislature during this
year's budget process and whose approval ratings have dropped in recent opinion
polls, proposed a series of bills yesterday that would change the way Albany
does business.

With just five days left before the Legislature is set to end its session, Mr.
Pataki proposed several bills that would overhaul the way state government
works, from tightening the state's lobbying rules to transforming the budget
process, establishing a legislative-ethics committee and naming a commission to
investigate the judiciary.

"These are important and achievable reforms that can and should get done before
the close of this year's legislative session," the governor said in a statement.

Mr. Pataki's end-of-session move received varying reactions. Some officials
praised him for adopting positions fought for by so-called good-government
groups. But others suggested that he might be trying either to claim credit for
bills already in the works or go on record as supporting reforms that may or may
not come to pass.

The proposal that got the most attention was Mr. Pataki's call to tighten
lobbying rules. State lobbying rules have been under scrutiny for months, with
lawmakers working to close a large loophole: while lobbyists are required to
report the actions they take to influence legislation, they are allowed to lobby
for state contracts worth tens if not hundreds of millions of dollars with no
public disclosure at all.

Governor Pataki announced yesterday that he would support legislation extending
the definition of "lobbying" to include contract, purchasing and leasing
decisions, and that he would extend the rules to cover not only state agencies
but also state authorities.

But aides to the governor could not say yesterday whether the bill he is
proposing would cover what has become Exhibit A in the annals of lobbying state
authorities: a phone call that Alfonse M. D'Amato, the former United States
senator and mentor of Mr. Pataki, made in 1999 on behalf of a client to the
Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which the governor controls. Mr. D'Amato
was paid $500,000 for that single phone call -- a fee, and an action, that could
have stayed secret had it not come out at a State Assembly hearing.

The governor's proposal comes as a similar bill proposed by Assemblyman
Alexander B. Grannis, a Manhattan Democrat, and State Senator Frank Padavan, a
Queens Republican, has been gaining steam in recent days.

Mr. Grannis said yesterday that he thought the governor's support would
ultimately help get some kind of tougher lobbying law passed. "It's a classic
Pataki approach," he said in an interview, "of taking issues that he has sat on
the sidelines for for many, many years, and then addressing them in a minimalist
way."

Governor Pataki also intends to sign an executive order today requiring state
agencies and authorities to maintain a public list of all lobbyists pushing for
or against procurement awards, his spokeswoman, Lisa Dewald Stoll, said. The
order will bar contracts from being awarded to vendors who do not comply with
the rules unless it is determined to be in the best interest of the state.

Blair Horner, the legislative director of the New York Public Interest Research
Group, said the group was "encouraged that the governor is recognizing the
weaknesses of New York's ethics laws."

"This recognition is long overdue," he said. "However, his package is no
substitute for action. We urge the governor to support the lobbying reform
legislation introduced by Senator Padavan and Assembly member Grannis before the
formal session is complete. Once the session is over, we urge the governor to
hold public hearings on his proposals to strengthen the package's shortcomings
and to build public support."

The lobbying bill was just one part of the governor's proposal, which included
plenty of old, unfinished business, like bills to overhaul the state's drug
laws, refinance the state's Superfund program and tighten the rules governing
adult homes.

John McArdle, a spokesman for the Senate majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno, said
that the Senate was already on record as supporting some of the proposals, and
that it would look at the others. A spokesman for the Assembly speaker, Sheldon
Silver, did not return several calls yesterday seeking comment.

Mr. Pataki also called for moving up the date that governors must submit their
budget proposals, and for giving the state comptroller the power to forecast how
much revenue the state can expect to take in should the governor and the
Legislature fail to agree on their own forecast. And he said he would name a
commission to investigate reports of corruption and influence peddling in the
judiciary.

Asked why the governor waited until only five days remained in the legislative
session, Ms. Stoll said: "These are achievable. Many of these have been advanced
in the Legislature and by the governor before."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              863 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 12, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Republican Senate Leader Urges a Ban on Lobbyists' Gifts

BYLINE: By RAYMOND HERNANDEZ

SECTION: Section 1; Page 55; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk; Second Front

LENGTH: 1184 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Dec. 11


The majority leader of the New York State Senate is proposing for the first time
that lawmakers be barred from accepting gifts from lobbyists, a move to defuse
criticism that many lawmakers are routinely showered with free meals, sports
tickets and other favors.

The proposal, by Joseph L. Bruno, a Republican, represents a shift because he
has declined to push similar measures through the Senate in the past. It puts
pressure on Democratic leaders in the State Assembly to follow suit, lest they
appear opposed to reform in an area that has been a source of great
embarrassment for the Legislature this year, after it was disclosed that a
lobbyist for Philip Morris, the tobacco company, had spent hundreds of thousands
of dollars on meals and other gifts for Albany legislators.

But the Democrats, too, have refused to pass such measures, despite support for
change among some members of the party.

Besides imposing an outright ban on nearly all gifts, Mr. Bruno's plan would,
for the first time, require disclosure of all lobbying of state agencies under
the control of Gov. George E. Pataki, a relatively popular Republican who is not
up for re-election until 2002. Current law requires disclosure only of lobbying
of the Legislature, the Governor's office and, to a very limited extent,
agencies. The expansion to include all state agencies is likely to meet
resistance from the Pataki administration. The disclosure provision applies to
dealings over agency permits and contracts.

In an interview today, Mr. Bruno acknowledged that the Legislature's image had
been sullied by recent disclosures that lawmakers had routinely received gifts,
mostly free dinners, from lobbyists. He said his intention was to restore the
public's confidence in government. Mr. Bruno added that he might bring his bill
to the Senate floor for a vote as early as next Tuesday.

"I don't believe that anybody was trying to influence in an inappropriate way,"
Mr. Bruno said in defense of dinners that lobbyists have routinely paid for to
talk with lawmakers about various policy matters. But he added that "there is a
perception that legislators are being wined and dined."

The proposed gift ban would not be limited to state lawmakers, applying to
officials in state agencies as well as those in local governments. It would also
require lobbyists doing business before local governments to disclose their
lobbying directly to state regulators.

The current law now allows legislators, administration officials and their top
aides to accept an unlimited number of gifts worth less than $75 each --
provided that those gifts are not intended to influence policy decisions. But it
is highly difficult to prove such intent. In fact, no lawmaker has been
sanctioned for violating the gift provision since it was enacted in the late
1980's.

Mr. Bruno's proposal would abolish nearly all gifts, with some minor exceptions
such as free meals at large gatherings like local picnics and barbecues.

Mr. Bruno's proposal would also tighten the disclosure requirements for
lobbyists and their clients. The law now requires them to disclose their total
expenditures on lobbying state government. But critics have long argued that the
disclosure requirements are relatively lax.

For example, lobbyists who are investigated for failing to disclose their
expenditures fully to the state can avoid penalties by correcting their
disclosure statements within 15 days. The critics of the law say that such a
grace period provides little incentive for lobbyists to follow the rules in the
first place.

Mr. Bruno's proposal would eliminate that grace period altogether and increase
penalties for individuals and companies that do not fully report their lobbying
activities to the state. The penalties for each violation would rise to $25,000
from $5,000 under the proposal. That means Philip Morris would have been fined
$375,000, instead of $75,000, for the 15 violations that the state lobbying
commission recently determined it committed.

Patricia Lynch, a spokeswoman for the speaker of the Assembly, Sheldon Silver, a
Democrat, said she saw a number of weaknesses in the proposal, including the
provision that allows lawmakers to accept a meal at large gatherings. Ms. Lynch
said that exemption could allow lawmakers to circumvent the gift ban by simply
attending lavish fund-raisers sponsored by lobbyists.

"This will not fix the perception of the problem or the problem," she said.
"Everything will turn out to be one enormous fund-raiser." Ms. Lynch added of
Mr. Bruno's proposal: "It's too cute. It's too slick. And it accomplishes
nothing."

Michael McKeon, a spokesman for Mr. Pataki, declined to endorse Mr.  Bruno's
proposal, saying that the Governor's office had not had a chance to review it.
"The Governor has stated time and again that he would like to strengthen the
current lobbying laws," he said.

The proposal could provide the Senate Republicans with political cover in the
event the legislators' practice of accepting gifts from lobbyists becomes an
issue in the elections next November. The Republican majority in the Senate is
much slimmer than the one the Democrats hold in the Assembly, and Mr. Bruno
cannot afford to jeopardize his tight control over that house.

Blair Horner, the legislative director for the New York Public Interest Research
Group, praised Mr. Bruno's action, though he expressed concern that the proposal
did not include a provision that would give regulators new power to randomly
audit expenditure statements that lobbyists must now file with the state.

"Mr. Bruno becomes one of the loudest voices in Albany for reform with this
proposal," said Mr. Horner, an outspoken critic of the current lobbying law. "It
is a step in the right direction and could dramatically change the culture in
Albany."

The proposal comes as the current law on lobbying is set to expire at the end of
the year. The law was first approved in the 1970's, when lobbying was not nearly
as vast an industry in Albany as it is today. The law has come under attack in
recent years from government reform groups that say it is weaker than
regulations set by Congress and other states.

Leaders in both parties had planned to quietly renew the old law, as they have
in the past, but found the law's weaknesses -- and themselves -- under close
scrutiny after the recent disclosures that a lobbyist for Philip Morris had
spent lavishly on dinners and other gifts for scores of lawmakers while failing
to report them to the State Lobbying Commission, as is required by law. The
$75,000 fine against Philip Morris, while the largest penalty ever handed down
by the commission, was but a pittance to such a large corporation.

The full Senate could take the proposal up next Tuesday, when rank-and-file
members return to Albany for a special session.

Once the measure is passed by the Senate, as is expected, it will be sent to the
Assembly, where it faces an uncertain future.

Mr. Bruno said today that he was still open to hammering out another lobbying
plan with the governor and Mr. Silver.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              864 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 17, 1985, Monday, Late City Final Edition

LOBBYISTS FOR THE ARTS MAPPING A NEW ALBANY STRATEGY

BYLINE: By MAURICE CARROLL, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section C; Page 15, Column 1; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 677 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, June 16


When Nelson A. Rockefeller was Governor of New York the arts world did not need
an Albany lobbyist. The Governor translated his cultural enthusiasms into wads
of governmental money.

But after that, in the mid-1970's, buffeted by budget problems first in New York
City then at the state level, the State Legislature began limiting the money for
organized culture. The annual state contribution to the New York State Council
on the Arts hovered at about $30 million. The council funnels money to local
arts institutions, many of which also lobby their legislators for direct
assistance.

This year, with ample funds in New York State's total budget, Governor Cuomo
proposed a healthy increase in state spending on the arts and a new lobbying
team helped persuade the Legislature to be even more generous.

Now, as the dual legislative season - three months constructing a budget, then a
swirl of lawmaking - approaches its end, expected this month, the cultural
lobbyists are starting a new campaign to persuade local arts institutions to
shape an Albany agenda.

'A Political Constituency'

The idea is ''to make them into a political force,'' said Demaris Walsh McGuire,
executive director of the Arts Coalition of the Empire State, which is leading
the effort.

''To build a political constituency,'' said Kathleen Manning, the coalition's
assistant director.

The coalition's list of board members is impressive, including Beverly Sills,
general director of the New York City Opera; Robert F. Wagner Sr., former Mayor
of New York City, and Nathan Leventhal, president of Lincoln Center. But in this
city such names decorate the letterheads of all sorts of organizations seeking
state help and, by Albany standards, the Arts Coalition is small-time. The $3
million the Legislature added to the State Council on the Arts, which would make
a total of $45 million, is an asterisk in an overall state budget of nearly $40
billion.

Nonetheless, the persistent legislative contact was something new for the arts
world, in which traditional lobbying has been looked upon either as a grubby
effort by professional dealers in influence - people who smoke cigars and
whisper in corridors - or an occasional foray by the well-connected.

A Song and an Appeal

''Some glitzy people who tried to get attention,'' as Mrs. McGuire described the
latter.

The Arts Coalition's big public success, on March 5, recalled that caricature.
On that day, Colleen Dewhurst, Celeste Holm and the star attraction, 92-year-old
Elizabeth (Libba) Cotten - who strummed a guitar and sang ''Freight Train,'' the
Grammy Award-winning tune she wrote as a child - came up for what they called
''arts day in Albany.''

When the celebrities went home, Mrs. McGuire and Mrs. Manning stayed to make
their case to legislators, just like the big-time lobbyists, and to seek support
beyond the Manhattan delegation, for which aid to the arts is as much a local
obligation as support of dairy farming is in St. Lawrence County.

''It must be tough lobbying on the edges,'' said Margaret Boepple, who lobbies
at the center for the Metropolitan Transportation Authority.

Group Formed Last Year

But the cultural people had some advantages. Their clients were certified good
guys. And relatively speaking, they did not want much.

The lobbying organization was formed in New York City last November after a
conference on ''the fine art of lobbying'' at the Cultural Assistance Center, at
330 West 42d Street. The coalition spent the current session seeking money for
the arts while keeping watch on legislation that could have cultural-world
fallout.

Now, partly to solidify their efforts by linking up firmly with local
organizations, partly to establish their own lobbying credentials, the lobbyists
plan to take to the road.

''It'll be a needs-assessment survey,'' said Mrs. Manning, and it will result in
a legislative program for 1986.

Since they were new to the game, their 1985 program consisted primarily of
seeking money. Next time, they say, they will be more ambitious.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              865 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                             June 7, 2006 Wednesday

More than  K$661 $661K spent within last six months by power companies to lobby
in MD

BYLINE: Kathleen Johnston Jarboe

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 793  words


As energy issues dominated legislative talk during the past six months, power
companies with utilities in Maryland spent more than $661,000 for lobbying
expenses, according to a review of reports filed at the State Ethics
Commission.Constellation Energy Group Inc. spent the bulk of that sum. The
Baltimore company, which is the parent of Baltimore Gas & Electric Co., paid
$351,577 in lobbying expenses. The amount is more than three times what the
corporation spent during the same period in 2005.Constellation officials did not
immediately respond to requests for comment.The spending came as Constellation
announced residential electricity rates would rise by 72 percent in BGE
territory, and as the corporation revealed it planned to merge with
Florida-based FPL Group Inc.While the company has said the rates resulted from a
combination of higher world energy prices and the expiration of rate caps that
had seen consumers paying 1993 prices for the past seven years, lawmakers moved
quickly to try to curb bill hikes and to force a more thorough examination of
the merger.Constellation responded by adding four more lobbyists to its roster
of representatives in Annapolis.

Between Nov. 1, 2005 and April 30, 16 lobbyists listed the energy giant as a
client.Constellation's chief executive, Mayo A. Shattuck III, was new to the
list of registered lobbyists. He received $21,105 for his time spent in
Annapolis meeting with lawmakers plus $389 to compensate him for meals,
transportation and office expenses. Constellation's expenditures also included
$117,772 for expert witnesses to testify in hearings.The company spent another
$1,622 to encourage people to contact elected officials on the company's behalf.
"It is an excellent reminder to people of the forces behind these business
interests," said People's Counsel Patricia A. Smith, who represents Maryland
consumers in utility issues.The spending, though, pales in comparison to what
the Baltimore energy company paid in 1999 as state lawmakers deregulated the
state's electricity market. That year the company, which later became known as
Constellation, spent $1.3 million in lobbying fees, according to a 2004 Common
Cause Maryland report. State consumer advocates say the spending is evident in
the law that was passed, which only briefly mentions that deregulation would do
anything to benefit consumers. "Given what went on in deregulation and the
unfair treatment of consumers in deregulation, the realities of deregulation and
the unfairness to consumers in the statue and the way it was implemented in
terms of the deal, how could anything compare to that?" Smith said. "The
influence of businesses is tremendous. The influence of a powerful business can
influence the way our legislation, both federal and state, is formed throughout
the country. "Smith's office has asked state utility regulators to reconsider
the state's deregulation law, which forced utilities like BGE to sell or
transfer its power plants. This week, regulators at the Public Service
Commission are set to establish hearing dates on the request. Deregulation was
intended to spur competition, which would, in turn, lower prices --
hypothetically. But with higher rates in BGE territory and prices set to rise
from 35 percent to 39 percent in the Washington suburbs and the Eastern Shore,
many lawmakers have questioned the 1999 change.Lawmakers have also questioned
the rate hikes at BGE in courts and in the General Assembly. A deal to
temporarily lower rates stalled during the regular 90-day session that ended in
April. But next week, state legislators plan to hold a special session to
revisit the topic, among other issues.A consumer advocate said Constellation was
less successful in its lobbying efforts this year due to bad timing. With the
merger, higher rates and an election year, it became increasingly difficult for
politicians to side with the company or to forget power issues. "So far there
has been too many other people willing to say something about what it is they
want," said Bobbie Walton, executive director at Common Cause Maryland. "Next
year, they probably could have gotten away with it. "Other energy corporations
paying hefty lobbying fees this year included Pepco Holdings Inc. and Allegheny
Energy Inc., which serves residential customers in Western Maryland. Allegheny's
customers are not scheduled to lose price caps until 2008. Allegheny spent
$75,375 on lobbying expenses for the six-month period that began on Nov. 1,
2005. Pepco paid $234,300 in lobbying costs, according to summary report filed
by that company at the State Ethics Commission. "Because the session was so
dominated by utility issues, we spent a lot more time there then usual," said
Pepco spokesman Robert Dobkin.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                            August 14, 2008 Thursday

The Daily Record News Briefs: August 14, 2008

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff & Wire Reports

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 890  words


Emergent's lobbying tab

Biopharmaceutical company Emergent BioSolutions Inc. spent $560,000 lobbying the
federal government in the second quarter, according to a recent disclosure form.
The Rockville-based company lobbied on appropriations and the government
stockpiling of biodefense vaccines. Emergent holds a three-year, $448 million
contract with the Department of Health and Human Services for the anthrax
vaccine BioThrax. Besides Congress, Emergent lobbied the Department of Defense
and Health and Human Services in the April-June period, according to the form
posted online July 14 by the House clerk's office.

Science Center honored

The Maryland Science Center has been named one of the 10 Best Science Centers
for Families by Parents' magazine. The magazine will hit the newsstands Aug. 19.
Other than exhibits, such factors as science demonstrations, special events,
camps and classes were also taken into consideration. The science center joins
the Exploratorium in San Francisco, Calif., The Franklin in Philadelphia, Pa.,
and the Center of Science and Industry in Columbus, Ohio, among others on the
list. More than 500,000 people visit the Maryland Science Center each year.

Service Express lease

Preston Partners Inc. announced that Service Express Inc. signed a lease for
100,258 square feet of warehouse space at the Hollins End Corporate Park in
Baltimore County. Service Express is a distribution and consolidation freight
company with multiple locations in the Southeast. The company is relocating from
67,000 square feet they currently occupy in the Troy Hill Corporate Park in
Elkridge. The Hollins End Corporate Park is a redevelopment project, including a
fully renovated 279,000-square-foot warehouse building, plus several new
ground-up construction buildings, totaling over 400,000 square feet.

Ravens gameday access

FLO Corp., which markets the FLO Registered Traveler (RT) card, signed a
four-year, exclusive agreement with the Baltimore Ravens football team. This
partnership will bring the numerous benefits of the FLO card to the team's fans,
including preferred access starting in 2009 to M&T Bank Stadium as well as
speedy access through security at Reagan, Dulles and other U.S. airports. The
new Ravens-branded card will be valid at all other FLO-sponsored sports venues
as well as all RT verification stations that the U.S. Transportation Security
Administration has approved at 19 U.S. airports.

Sodexho-DOD contract

Gaithersburg-based Sodexho Management Inc. was recently awarded a $8,475,017
firm-fixed price contract for nutrition care services at military treatment
facilities. Work will be performed at military installations across the U.S. and
is expected to be completed by Oct. 17, 2013. Contract funds will not expire at
the end of the current fiscal year. Sodexho provides integrated food and
facilities management services.

G.W. Stephens acquisition

George William Stephens Jr. and Associates Inc. (GWS) has agreed to acquire the
land survey firm of Schmid, Pfeltz and McDonald Inc (SPM). The acquisition
combines SPM's survey knowledge and technical resources with GWS' surveying,
engineering and planning services. SPM President Karl Schmid will serve as a
senior associate and chief of surveys at the Hunt Valley office and SPM
Secretary-Treasurer Jeffrey A. McDonald will serve as an associate and assistant
chief of surveys. The acquisition will be official Aug. 18.

Tourist tips

Rockville-based GeoBeats Inc., an online video production and distribution
company used by media, travel and education companies, reached an agreement with
The Safe Traveler for licensed travel videos. GeoBeats' online tutorial videos
will be posted on SafeTraveler.com, initially offering travelers a first-person
perspective on local customs, etiquette and transportation tips for destinations
around the world from Berlin and Buenos Aires to Germany and the People's
Republic of China. Some of the first GeoBeats videos to be featured on the site
will be Hong Kong and Argentina etiquette tutorials. The companies will also
team to provide travelers with localized safety tutorials.

WoundStat inventors recognized

Virginia Commonwealth University researchers Kevin Ward, Robert Diegelmann and
Gary Bowlin this week received the Award for Excellence in recognition of their
outstanding contributions to combat casualty care from the US Army Medical
Research and Materiel Command, Combat Casualty Care Research Program. The three
invented WoundStat, a hemostatic agent for control of bleeding in high-pressure
arterial wounds, which are a common combat injury. Bethesda-based TraumaCure
manufactures and markets WoundStat.

Avalon 2Q results

Germantown-based Avalon Pharmaceuticals Inc. reported a net loss of $5.6 million
for the three months ended June 30, 2008, compared with $5.8 million in the
second quarter of 2007. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled
$16.7 million. Revenue for the second quarter was $137,000, compared with
$78,000 for the same period of 2007. Avalon also announced it is restructuring
its operations and reducing its work force by approximately one-third. The
company estimates that its existing capital resources will not be sufficient to
fund its planned operations significantly beyond Dec. 31, 2008. Shares closed at
73 cents in Nasdaq trading, down 30 cents or 29 percent.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                             May 3, 2006 Wednesday

Freddie Mac Restates Three Lobby Filings

BYLINE: Kate Ackley, ROLL CALL STAFF

LENGTH: 555 words


Freddie Mac, which last month paid a record $3.8 million fine in a settlement
with the Federal Election Commission, also recently restated a trio of lobbying
disclosure reports from 2004 and 2005.

Freddie Mac, also known as the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp., amended its
original lobbying reports for all of 2004 and for the first six months of 2005,
according to data from the Senate Office of Public Records. The amount of money
Freddie Mac reported spending was not altered, but the recent amendments added a
handful of lobbyists who had not previously been disclosed. In total, the
company reported spending about $15.4 million for 2004 and $7.3 million for the
first half of 2005.

Doug Duvall, a Freddie Mac spokesman, said the restated lobbying reports were
not linked to the FEC settlement.

Duvall said that Freddie Mac officials re-examined past lobbying reports and
noticed what he was reluctant to term "an error," but which the company
"probably should have included" since the employees "technically meet" the
threshold that mandates disclosure. That threshold includes employees who spend
at least 20 percent of their time supporting lobbying activities and who make a
certain number of lobbying contacts with government officials.

Duvall said that the 2004 reports were amended to include Lisa Ledbetter, Jeff
Markowitz and Wendell Chambliss, all of whom work for Freddie Mac's legal
division. The mid-year 2005 forms added Susan Gates and Craig Thomas from
Freddie's public policy unit.

Duvall said the changes were not the result of an internal company audit. He
said that when putting together the disclosure forms for the end of 2005,
employees "realized these individuals met that standard, and we added them."

As part of the company's recent FEC settlement, Freddie Mac did not admit to
breaking the law, but it paid $3.8 million to settle an investigation into
fundraising activities organized by its former top lobbyist, Mitchell Delk, and
other former employees. The FEC had determined that the events used corporate
staff and funds to solicit and forward contributions to federal candidates,
which is not permitted under election law. As a federally chartered corporation,
Freddie Mac is not allowed to give political contributions.

Meanwhile, a lobbying firm has also amended its lobbying forms, this one for
client business that occurred four years ago.

The lobbying firm PodestaMattoon has filed two amended reports for the client
Brown & Partners, a public affairs firm in Las Vegas, concerning work on
legislation to bring nuclear waste to Yucca Mountain in Nevada. PodestaMattoon
reported $980,000 in fees from Brown & Partners for that six-month period.

Firm spokesman Missi Tessier said that the amount of money did not change but
that the firm had originally filed a termination effective June 30, when in
reality the work continued until later in 2002. The additional work was
reflected in another 2002 lobbying report, but the firm made the new filing to
clarify the old discrepancy.

Tessier said the amended report came as a result of regular "scrubbing all our
old clients. We do this on a regular annual basis."

Pam Gavin of the Senate Office of Public Records said that she could not say
what prompted either the Freddie Mac or PodestaMattoon amendments.

Ñ "Even if I did know, I couldn't say," she said.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Roll Call, Inc.


                              868 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              June 2, 2015 Tuesday

Rolly: Land sakes -- complaints against Rep. Ken Ivory keep piling up

BYLINE: By Paul Rolly The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: POLITICS; News; State

LENGTH: 672 words


It's been a rocky year so far for the American Lands Council, headed by Utah's
loudest land-grab advocate, Rep. Ken Ivory, R-West Jordan.

The Salt Lake Tribune reported Tuesday that the Washington D.C.-based Campaign
for Accountability filed complaints in Utah, Montana and Arizona, alleging fraud
by the ALC, as well as reports of ethical lapses in Montana when a staffer for a
state senator there also performed as an ALC lobbyist.

Now, it's a trifecta.

Ivory's ALC has until week's end to respond to a complaint filed with the
Colorado secretary of state by the nonprofit watchdog group Colorado Ethics
Watch.

The group alleges the ALC violated Colorado law by lobbying for legislation
without registering as a lobbyist.

The ALC, according to the complaint, sent an email to an unknown number of
Coloradans in April, urging them to contact their legislators in support of a
bill advancing the goal of individual states wresting control of public lands
from the federal government.

Colorado law forbids groups from lobbying for or against legislation without
registering as a lobbyist.

If the secretary of state deems the ALC guilty, punishments could include
banishment from future lobbying in the state and fines.

At the time the complaint was filed, Ivory told Eric Ethington of the political
blog Utah Political Capitol, that the ALC simply responded to a request to get
the word out from a Colorado senator pushing the bill.

He now has until Saturday to explain that to investigators, according to a
letter sent to Ivory by Deputy Secretary of State Suzanne Staiert.

The ALC is pushing legislation in several states aimed at transferring control
of federal lands to states. Ivory has advanced such legislation in Utah and
travels extensively to promote that agenda. The ALC sells memberships to
individuals and groups and recently listed its annual income with the IRS at
$209,888 in 2013. Ivory's salary as president of the ALC is $95,000. His wife
made $19,000 as communications director.

The Campaign for Accountability complaint alleges Ivory sells memberships to
organizations, including local governments, using phony data and legal analysis
to advance claims that his organization can facilitate transfers of public lands
from the federal government to states.

Water police - Here's an irony: The White City Water Improvement District's pump
house in Sandy had its sprinklers running at least twice during or right after
drenching rainstorms last month.

Neighbors have complained in the past that heavy sprinkling has led to weed
overgrowth on the property ccc a condition that would earn a residential
property owner a citation.

In addition, readers have pointed out lawn watering after heavy rains at
American Express, 4315 S. 2700 West; Sorenson Research, near 850 West 4500
South; the West Temple Apartments, 185 N. West Temple;

the Salt Lake City Water Department's well, near 2700 S. 1900 East; the
planned-unit development at Diamond Hills Lane (6025 South) on Highland Drive;
and the old Cottonwood Mall property where Macy's sits at 4835 S. Highland Drive
in Holladay.

Lawmaker follows through - I wrote May 8 about the frustration of Mark
Besendorfer, a 60-year-old elementary school teacher, who wanted to talk with
his legislator about public education.

He emailed new Rep. Bruce Cutler, R-Murray, asking for a response, but never got
one. He then sent an email stating he was interested in making a campaign
contribution and got a reply right away. Cutler told me at the time he hadn't
seen the earlier emails because they were during the legislative session, when
he gets many, and his intern didn't recognize Besendorfer's address as being in
his district.

After I called Cutler, he reached out to Besendorfer, and they arranged for the
lawmaker to visit his school.

Last week, Cutler attended the fifth grade's patriotic performance at Draper's
Willow Springs Elementary and promised Besendorfer he would spend a day with him
in his classroom next year to better understand the daily challenges teachers
face.

prolly@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              869 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Former utilities chairman won't comment on CMEEC issues, cites FBI investigation

BYLINE: Claire Bessette, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 898 words


Jan. 24--NORWICH -- The longtime former chairman of both the Norwich utilities
commission and the Connecticut Municipal Electric Energy Cooperative board of
directors, would not comment Monday on several issues related to the
controversial Kentucky Derby trips and lobbying connections that could raise
conflict of interest questions regarding his tenure on the two agencies.

James M. Sullivan, chairman of the Norwich Board of Public Utilities
Commissioners from January 2008 through October, 2015, and chairman of the CMEEC
board from December 2013 through October 2015, said his attorney has advised him
to decline comment on issues relating to his service.

Sullivan cited an ongoing FBI investigation into CMEEC and its member utilities,
launched in October, for his silence, but said he has not been contacted by any
federal or local authorities in connection with the Kentucky Derby trips or any
CMEEC issues.

"Until such time as that inquiry has come to a conclusion," Sullivan said, "I
will respectfully have no comment concerning this, with respect to my time as a
board member of NPU and as a board member of CMEEC."

Sullivan attended the Derby trip at least in 2015 along with his wife, Linda
Sanchez, a sitting Democratic congresswoman representing the 38th U.S. House
District in California.

"Congresswoman Sánchez attended the event in her personal capacity as the spouse
of a board member, which is expressly allowed under House rules," a spokesman
for Sanchez' Washington, D.C. office said in a statement. "Although she was not
required to do so, out of an abundance of caution she did seek the advice of the
House Ethics Committee prior to attending, and the Committee confirmed that she
could attend."

In Norwich, the lavish trips, which were funded by CMEEC as so-called "strategic
board retreats" have been the subject of six ethics complaints against current
utilities commission Chairman Dee Boisclair, Vice Chairman Robert Groner, NPU
General Manager John Bilda and NPU Division Manager Steve Sinko. Two complaints
have been filed against Mayor Deberey Hinchey for her participation in the 2016
trip.

Sullivan also declined to answer questions about his lobbyist connections with
two organizations that currently do business with CMEEC and the city of Norwich,
saying only that his lobbying business is a "matter of public record."

Sullivan is principal of JMS Consulting, a federally registered lobbying firm.
According to lobbying public disclosure records, from 2009 through 2016, JMS
Consulting was paid a total of $867,500 in lobbying fees by the Metropolitan
District Commission in the greater Hartford area.

In September 2015, one month before Sullivan resigned from both his CMEEC board
position and from the Norwich Board of Public Utilities Commissioners, the CMEEC
board voted to approve the MDC as a "new customer" of CMEEC to manage
electricity sales at the Hartford area agency's hydropower generating plants.
Sullivan did not attend the September meeting when the vote was taken, and he
resigned his positions prior to the October meetings.

Attorney R. Bartley Halloran, who has represented MDC for several years and now
also represents Sullivan in relation to CMEEC issues, said Sullivan's lobbying
business had nothing to do with CMEEC's contract with MDC, and also had nothing
to do with Sullivan's resignation from the two boards.

At the time, Sullivan said he was resigning for personal reasons and time
constraints between his business, which has him commuting to Washington, D.C.
frequently, and his public service in Norwich.

Halloran said MDC was told two years earlier by Eversource that the private
utility no longer would purchase the electricity from the hydro plants. MDC
sought a new buyer and contacted CMEEC. According to the CMEEC meeting minutes:
"CMEEC staff have had a series of meetings with the MDC to explore the
possibility of CMEEC providing certain services to MDC."

Halloran said he did not believe Sullivan was even aware of the meetings or the
pending contract between CMEEC and MDC.

But Sullivan did vote twice on a contract between CMEEC and the solar power
partnership of SolarCity and Brightfields Development LLC. From 2013 through
2016, Sullivan's JMS Consulting received payments totaling $90,000 from
Brightfields.

The SolarCity-Brightfields partnership is developing several large solar power
arrays throughout southeastern Connecticut for CMEEC, including projects in
Norwich, Groton and Bozrah. Sullivan voted twice on the CMEEC board to approve
solar projects with the partnership, on July 24, 2014 to approve a Community
Solar Garden Project and on March 26, 2015 to approve a Solar Garden Coupled
Storage Project.

Halloran said he could not comment on Sullivan's CMEEC board votes regarding the
solar projects.

The Norwich Board of Public Utilities Commission did not vote on the
SolarCity-Brightfields projects in Norwich, but the Norwich City Council
unanimously approved a resolution on April 20, 2015 for the SolarCity project at
the former Rogers Road Landfill and a city-owned parcel across the street.

NPU General Manager John Bilda, vice chairman of the CMEEC board of directors,
then also serving as acting city manager, signed the contract on April 29, 2015.

c.bessette@theday.com

___ (c)2017 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20170124-NL-Former-utilities-chairman-won-t-comment-on-CMEEC-issues-cites-FBI-in
vestigation-0124-20170124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2017 The Day


                              870 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 21, 2016 Sunday

Lawmaker asks universities about spending on lobbying

BYLINE: Mary Sell, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 820 words


Feb. 21--MONTGOMERY -- Sen. Larry Stutts, R-Tuscumbia, recently sent letters to
the state's public universities asking them how much money they spend on
lobbying.

" 'How much tax money are you spending trying to get more tax money?' is the
basic question," Stutts said last week.

Among other things, his letter asks the universities if they or their affiliated
foundations, associations and booster clubs employ lobbying, public affairs
firms or other consultants and how much they're paid.

He asked for a response by the end of the month.

"As we continue to right-size state government and attempt to make sure the
public money in our trust is spent wisely, these are questions that must be
addressed," Stutts wrote.

In December, The Decatur Daily sent public record requests to the state's public
universities asking for lobbying expenditures in Montgomery and Washington,
D.C., in the past three years. The requests asked for expenses related to
in-house staff members and third-party lobbying firms, as well as any travel
costs incurred by the schools.

The state's two largest universities, the University of Alabama and Auburn
University, said they could not fulfill The Daily's request. Troy University
said no such records existed, though online spending information indicates
otherwise. Two universities, Alabama A&M and the University of West Alabama,
didn't respond.

The University of North Alabama said spending on a third-party lobbyist is
necessary if it is to be heard in the state's budgeting process.

Stutts is an advocate for performance-based budgeting, in which schools are
funded based on a set of markers, such as graduation rates and actual costs per
student. He said the state's current higher education funding formula is
arbitrary.

"As we look at the overall budget, (spending on lobbying is) something we need
to know," Stutts said last week. "I'm not after anyone, I just want to know what
the data is."

Bill looks to ban transfer

The Senate Governmental Affairs Committee on Tuesday will discuss a bill that
would let voters prohibit any money designated for state parks from being
transferred to other state agencies.

Senate Bill 260, sponsored by Sen. Clay Scofield, R-Guntersville, calls for a
constitutional amendment to prohibit the diversion of any money from the State
Parks Fund, the Parks Revolving Fund, or any other revenues that currently
support parks.

"My bill essentially says, 'Voters, you can make a decision, if you want the
money you spend at the parks to stay at the parks to maintain them, to add more
attractions and improvements, then vote for this constitutional amendment,' "
Scofield said.

This year, lawmakers transferred $3 million from parks to the General Fund. The
Alabama Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, which includes parks,
doesn't receive a General Fund budget allocation, but relies on other earmarks,
including fees and federal funding.

Last year, the five state parks were closed. All of them had been losing money.

Parks Director Greg Lein said Thursday the department is pleased with Scofield's
bill.

"The transfers have been our root problem as we've tried to deal with natural
disasters and other things," Lein said. "That disruption in funding and
budgeting has made it extremely difficult to plan and execute our operations
from one year to another."

There are 11 co-sponsors on Scofield's bill, including Sens. Tim Melson,
R-Florence, and Larry Stutts, R-Tuscumbia. There's also a House version, HB249,
which 56 representatives have signed.

General Fund budget committee chairman Sen. Trip Pittman, R-Daphne, said he
didn't co-sign it and is undecided about whether he'll vote for the legislation.

"I support the parks ... but I think we always ought to have options when we try
to manage the people's money," Pittman said.

Sen. Arthur Orr, R-Decatur, said there is no intention to harm parks through
money transfers and amendments such as the one proposed tie lawmakers' hands.

"When there's nothing that can be done and an agency is going to get any and all
money, I think the level of accountability drops significantly," Orr said.

Apprenticeship tax credit clears Senate

A bill to give $1,000 tax credits to companies that train paid apprentices for
at least seven months in a tax year cleared the Senate last week.

Orr has said Senate Bill 90 will help create a better-trained workforce while
also helping middle- and lower-middle-class workers get on-the-job training.

Employers would be eligible for tax credits for five employed apprentices per
year. The total statewide tax credit would be capped at $3 million in the first
two years and $5 million per year thereafter, according to the bill's fiscal
note.

The bill now goes to the House for consideration. Similar legislation died there
last year.

___ (c)2016 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160221-DD-Lawmaker-asks-universities-about-spending-on-lobbying
-0221-20160221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2016 The Decatur Daily


                              871 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             August 16, 2013 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

state briefs

BYLINE:

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 642 words


TALLAHASSEE

Former lawmaker accused of bribery

After a yearlong investigation by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement,
former state Rep. Mitch Needelman, R-Melbourne, was arrested on charges of
bribery and bid tampering.

The charges stem from a document-scanning contract that Needelman signed with
BlueWare, Inc., while he served as Brevard County clerk of courts, FDLE said in
a news release. Needelman, 60, is alleged to have entered the
multimillion-dollar contract with the understanding that part of the money would
be diverted back to Needelman's 2012 re-election campaign for clerk.

The FDLE said an investigation found that money was funneled back to the
campaign through a lobbyist, William Matthew Dupree, who also has been charged.
Needelman, who lost the 2012 campaign, was arrested Thursday at his home. An
arrest warrant also was issued for BlueWare Chief Executive Officer Rose Harr,
according to FDLE.

Needelman, a former Florida Marine Patrol officer, served in the House from 2000
to 2008.

FAMU band returns to field Sept. 1

Florida A&M University's Marching 100 will return to the field Sept. 1 in
Orlando, nearly 22 months after it was suspended because of a hazing-related
death.

FAMU lifted the famed band's suspension in June, but new band director Sylvester
Young was unsure at the time when it would be ready to perform again. He now
says it will play at halftime when the university opens its football season
against Mississippi Valley State during the MEAC- SWAC Challenge.

The band was suspended in November 2011 following the death of drum major Robert
Champion.

Six lobbying firms in $1 million club

Bolstered by huge paydays from some clients, at least six lobbying firms
collected $1 million or more in legislative lobbying fees between April 1 and
June 30, newly filed reports show. The reports do not detail the exact amounts
of money the firms earned.

Along with Southern Strategy, Ron Book and Tsamoutales Strategies, the firms
Ballard Partners, Capital City Consulting and GrayRobinson PA also had reported
that they hauled in $1 million or more from legislative lobbying during the
quarter.

Democrat will challenge Atwater

The head of the Central Florida Urban League became the first high-profile
Democrat to file for one of the state's three Cabinet posts, opening the party's
drive to challenge Republicans' near-total grip on statewide offices.

Allie Braswell, 51, announced Thursday that he would challenge Chief Financial
Officer Jeff Atwater in 2014. Braswell, who spent 13 years in the Marine Corps
and whose career after the military included time as a technology executive with
Disney, said he would focus on foreclosures and property insurance rates.

ORLANDO

Attorney asks for case transfer

The lawyer who prosecutors say was a ringleader for a veterans' charity that was
a front for a $300 million gambling operation on Thursday asked for his case to
be moved to Jacksonville.

Attorney Kelly Mathis filed a request to have his case transferred to Duval
County in Jacksonville from Seminole County outside Orlando. Mathis said that
the crimes he is accused of committing happened in Jacksonville, where he
practices law.

Mathis was the registered agent for many of the Allied Veteran affiliates, which
prosecutors say operated so-called Internet cafes. He has pleaded not guilty to
money laundering, running a lottery and other charges.

ORLANDO

Bill aims to revive springs' water

Sen. Darren Soto, D-Orlando, has proposed a bill, dubbed the "Springs Revival
Act," aimed at improving springs that are suffering from declining water quality
and reduced flow levels. The bill (SB 76) calls for water management districts
to identify springs that are in decline. It then would require the districts to
develop five-year plans to restore the springs to historic average water quality
and flow levels.

Post staff and wire services

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              June 16, 2008 Monday
                                  City Edition

Lobbying can be a wise use of tax dollars

BYLINE: MIKE CLEMENTS, FOR THE LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 559 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


Charles Krauthammer, national syndicated columnist for the Washington Post,
wrote the following earlier this year:

"Everyone knows the First Amendment protects freedom of religion, speech, press
and assembly. How many remember that, in addition, the First Amendment protects
a fifth freedom - to lobby?

Of course, it doesn't use the word "lobby." It calls it the right "to petition
the Government for a redress of grievances." Lobbyists are people hired to do
that for you, so that you can actually stay home with the kids and remain
gainfully employed rather than spend your life in the corridors of Washington.

Lobbying is constitutionally protected, but that doesn't mean we have to like it
all. Let's agree to frown upon bad lobbying, such as getting a tax break for a
particular industry. Let's agree to welcome good lobbying - the actual redress
of a legitimate grievance - such as protecting your home from being turned to
dust to make way for some urban development project.

To read the June 8 Lincoln Journal Star editorial ("Taxpayers Shouldn't Pay to
Lobby Legislature"), one would think that lobbying to protect the interests of
the taxpayers is also a bad thing. The implication is that by spending
taxpayers' resources to inform state senators about the needs of a particular
district - be it a school or natural resources district - the district is
wasting that money.

That argument prompts the question of why the government is trying to change the
school aid formula, for example, or limit the right of a farmer to irrigate his
land in the first place. The point is that a natural resources district
sometimes needs to hire a lobbyist to defend its right to allocate groundwater
because a three-state compact was signed that limits the use of ground and
surface water for crop production. And sometimes a district needs to be
represented to give input before a settlement is reached that will affect
generations of farmers and residents in the district.

In the Republican River basin, the Lower Republican NRD hired a lobbyist to
represent its interests in Lincoln when its message that groundwater usage is
essential to the life blood of the region had gotten lost in the politics of
water legislation. We are now trying to enact legislation that gives NRDs the
authority to do their jobs.

The point is that government needs to have input from its citizens. That is why
the founding fathers put the protection in the Constitution - to ensure that a
free people are protected from their government becoming overbearing or
overreaching. And it is essential that the viewpoint of Republican River
irrigators be known and understood.

Senators in Lincoln are good people. But with term limits, there will be an
ever-greater need for senators to be educated as to the importance of irrigation
to the economy of the state and the region. That is what the First Amendment
defends - the right for one person or group to have another present its case
before their elected officials.

Thank goodness that our elected school boards and public power districts and
natural resources districts have the best interests of their constitutents in
mind when they pay to have a staff person or lobbyist ready to represent their
interests in Lincoln. It is a wise use of our tax dollars.

Mike Clements is general manager of the Lower Republican Natural Resources
District.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: b/w head photo of Mike Clements

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              873 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 August 19, 1992, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

SOYBEAN GROUP'S D.C. OFFICE AT RISK LOBBYING EXPENSES QUESTIONED

BYLINE: Robert L. Koenig Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 595 words


WASHINGTON - The St. Louis-based American Soybean Association is considering
shutting down its lobbying office in Washington to help resolve questions about
how the association is spending $16 million under a soybean-marketing contract,
officials said Tuesday.  The possible restructuring comes after the U.S.
Agriculture Department requested a full audit into how the Soybean Association -
as a contractor to the United Soybean Board - spends ''checkoff'' money that
farmers contribute to enhance the demand for soybeans.  The Soybean Board, an
independent group based in St. Louis, is responsible for administering the
year-old checkoff program, which is paid for by farmers who contribute 0.5
percent of their soybeans' market value.  The program is expected to raise $50
million in its first year for soybean promotion and research efforts. The
Association is the largest contractor providing services.  Daniel D. Haley, head
of the department's Agriculture Marketing Service in Washington, said he asked
for the full audit - by KPMG Peat Marwick - after questions were raised about
the Association's expenses on salaries, legal fees and its Washington office.
''There were enough questions that we thought a full audit needed to take
place,'' Haley said in an interview.  The soybean program - called the Soybean
Promotion and Research Checkoff - was created by Congress under a bill sponsored
by Sen. Christopher S. Bond, R-Mo., and Rep. Dan Glickman, D-Kan. That law bars
any soybean-checkoff money from being used to pay lobbying expenses. Haley said
the money ''can be spent only on research, promotion and consumer education.''
David Thomas, executive director of the United Soybean Board, said that - after
some of his board members raised questions last winter - his group brought in
''an outside expert'' to look into how the Soybean Association was spending the
$15.8 million in its contract. In April, the Soybean Board asked the Association
to look into addressing 11 issues, including expenses of its Washington office.
''It is essential that we maintain an 'arms-length' relationship'' with the
Soybean Association, Thomas said, adding that one goal was to make sure that
''no money was being spent on lobbying activities.'' He said four of his group's
63-member board are from Illinois and four from Missouri.  The Soybean
Association is a trade group whose 28,000 members include about 10 percent of
the nation's soybean farmers. One of its missions is lobbying Congress to pass
legislation - including the soybean checkoff program - to help the soybean
industry.  The group had three registered lobbyists in its Washington office
last fall, but a spokesman said Tuesday that the office is now down to one
full-time l obbyist - and may soon shut down.  ''We are seriously considering
shutting down the Washington office,'' said Dan Reuwee, a spokesman for the
Association in St. Louis. He said the Association was not spending checkoff
money on lobbying, but had included some non-lobbying functions of the
Washington office in its expenses.  ''Some of our work with the federal
government is not really lobbying. It's a gray area,'' Reuwee said. If the
Association closes the Washington office, he said, it could contract out its
lobbying work - and keep lobbying expenses completely separate.  Haley said the
audit is expected by the end of the month, after which the United Soybean Board
and the Soybean Association are to decide how to resolve any problems. The
Agriculture Department would then examine those changes, Haley said.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              874 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           January 19, 2006 Thursday

Democrats offer their own set of lobbyist rules;
Most corruption is GOP's, they say in presenting new plan

BYLINE: Bob Dart, WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 488 words


WASHINGTON -- The day after Republicans unveiled proposals to reform lobbying on
Capitol Hill, Democrats released a plan with similar elements to rid Congress of
the "culture of corruption" that they said the GOP majority has nurtured.

Democrats on Wednesday said that their campaign for "honest leadership and open
government" is needed because of Republicans such as former House Majority
Leader Tom DeLay, R-Sugar Land, and disgraced lobbyists Jack Abramoff and
Michael Scanlon.

DeLay faces trial in Texas on money-laundering charges and other
campaign-finance violations. Abramoff and Scanlon have both admitted bribing
members of Congress and are cooperating with a widening investigation of
influence-peddling on Capitol Hill.

"Over the past few days there have been some suggestions by Republican
operatives and commentators that this scandal is somehow bipartisan," said Sen.
Barack Obama, D-Ill. "Now let me be clear. While the Democrats are certainly not
without sin, Jack Abramoff, Michael Scanlon, the K Street Project (in which
lobbyists must hire Republican operatives to get favors), those are Republican
sins and Republican sins alone."

On Tuesday, House Speaker Dennis Hastert, R-Ill., proposed lobbying reforms that
would restrict gifts from lobbyists to House members, ban privately sponsored
travel for members and staff, and stop former members who become lobbyists from
visiting on the House floor and in the House gym.

Democrats offered similar restrictions on lobbying practices but proposed a
total ban on lobbyists' gifts to members of Congress. Democrats also want to
abolish the GOP's K Street Project.

Rep. Lloyd Doggett, D-Austin, said he is working to include a requirement that
lobbyists who shield themselves in a "coalition" disclose who they are working
for. The costs of this hidden lobbying are passed down to local taxpayers,
Doggett said.

Staff writer Tara Copp contributed to this story.

(box)

Democrats propose:

* A ban on all gifts for members of Congress and their staffs

* Doubling to two years the time before former members and staffs can lobby
Congress

* A ban on House floor visits from lobbyists who are former members

* Requiring lobbyists to disclose more about how they spend money

* Stopping secret late-night deals for special-interest laws

* Requiring all conference committees, where many deals are cut, to meet openly

* An end to arrangements, such as the K Street Project, in which lobbyists must
hire one party's operatives to get favors

Key differences from

Republican proposals

* Democrats would ban all gifts, not just those worth more than $20

* Democrats would still allow privately financed junkets

* Democrats would still allow lobbyists who are former members access to the
House gym

* Republicans would not require public scrutiny of conference committee talks

* Republicans do not address arrangements such as the K Street Project

-- Knight Ridder News Service

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Senate Democrats, from left, Barack Obama of Illinois, Harry Reid of
Nevada and Nancy Pelosi of California on Wednesday outlined their agenda for
reining in lobbyists.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The Austin American Statesman


                              875 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           December 16, 2004 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

A CONCERN FOR ETHICS;
SPITZER'S CALL FOR STATE LOBBYING REFORM IS RIGHT ON TARGET AND BADLY NEEDED

SECTION: EDITORIAL PAGE; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 488 words


With his recent critical report on activities by the New York State Canal Corp.,
Attorney General Eliot Spitzer issued a call to overhaul the state's lobbying
law. His is only the most recent voice to demand higher ethical standards in
state government, and while his statements will inevitably be weighed against
his just-announced candidacy for governor, in this case, he is exactly right.

The Canal Corp. report dealt with the shady way the agency provided a Buffalo
businessman development rights to 100 miles of the state canal system, but
Spitzer's proposals on lobbying reform go beyond the issues that arose in that
now-dead deal. His call is for a thorough revision of state lobbying laws,
imposing strict limits and increasing penalties.

Most broadly, Spitzer wants to extend the lobbying act to cover all forms of
government decision-making. As written, the law now covers only efforts to
influence legislation, but one of the biggest areas of concern is in the effort
to win lucrative government purchasing contracts, known as procurement lobbying.
This is an area begging for attention.

In 1995, for example, an official of the Port Authority of New York and New
Jersey pleaded guilty to taking nearly $58,000 in bribes from agency
contractors. Just this year, the state labor commissioner was convicted for
using his office to lobby for state contracts for a friend who paid him and
promised him a job after leaving office. In between have been many more
objectionable episodes.

Spitzer's proposal would prohibit lobbying on all government contracts, ban
lobbyists from giving any gifts to government officials and take other actions
designed to produce transparency and maybe even a bit of honor in state
government decision-making. Tougher laws don't change human nature, of course,
and they don't diminish greed, but they make it more difficult to engage in
unethical conduct.

Good government groups, such as Common Cause, Citizens Union, the League of
Women Voters and the New York Public Interest Research Group, have long argued
for stricter laws on ethics and lobbying in state government. Indeed, those
organizations recently backed a reform agenda that was written by NYPIRG's Blair
Horner and which cites numerous examples of misconduct, including those
mentioned above. They have long complained that Gov. George Pataki and the
Legislature have ignored this problem.

Spitzer's interest no doubt stems from some combination of public conviction
belief and political self-interest. That's fine. The motivations are not
mutually exclusive. With his voice joining the din calling for reform, action
becomes more likely, though hardly certain.

With nearly two years to go before the voters choose the next governor, he has
plenty of time to raise the heat on this issue, and if he wins, to turn up the
temperature even more.

It's about time someone interested in the governorship showed some concern for
this matter.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIALS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 The Buffalo News


                              876 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             October 8, 2006 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Last Chance to Ask Candidates

SECTION: Section 14; Column 1; The City Weekly Desk; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 472 words


In one month, New York voters will go to the polls. That gives them just a few
weeks to ask the candidates about the things they intend to do once they get to
Albany, and whether those things will benefit all of us, not just their friends
and contributors.

This is the time to put politicians on the record: will they favor reforms that
make New York State's government more transparent and accountable to the public?
Or will they allow Albany to remain a national joke? Both candidates for
governor have spoken in detail about their ideas for reform. But legislators can
stall, hinder or sabotage any gubernatorial proposal that might hurt their own
cushy jobs.

Members of the Assembly and State Senate, who are seldom even challenged in
elections, may be hoping that any reform talk -- even the stuff on their own
campaign fliers -- will start to fade the moment everyone is sworn in next year.
So nab your local candidates at the subway or street corner, and say that you'll
withhold your support unless he or she fights, really fights, for reform.

Among the most important areas are these:

Campaign Finance. New York's campaign finance system is a disgrace. The limits
are too high, and as for soft money channeled to the party instead of individual
candidates, there are no real limits at all. Nor is there any enforcement. The
State Senate has been the roadblock to reform, and Senate candidates should be
asked how they would do better.

Redistricting. The hardest and most important task for the next governor and
Legislature is to establish an independent, nonpartisan commission to create
legislative and Congressional districts. Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, the
leading candidate for governor, says he's on board with this idea. But even if
he wins the election, he will have to fight fiercely to win this battle.

Lobbying Reform.  Albany's lawmakers have made some slight progress on lobbying
reform, but the latest changes in the regulations governing lobbying for state
contracts have not yet been enforced. And David Grandeau, the executive director
of the Temporary State Commission on Lobbying, has been forced to battle to keep
his job and make his commission aggressive. Bigwigs in state government and the
lobbying firms that feed off them need to know that somebody with power is
looking over their shoulders.

Budget Reform. Budget reform in Albany should be an accounting issue, not a
political one. New York State's budget is intentionally hard to understand and
with annual spending now exceeding $100 billion, it is scandalous that there are
huge, secret dollops of money that make an honest accounting impossible. Voters
should press candidates to require the state to operate under
generally-recognized accounting principles, as New York City does, and to make
the budget process fully transparent.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              877 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 21, 2006 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended
                                 Final Edition

Unwelcome Spotlight Finds Mandel Again;
Ex-Governor Defends Lobbying, Denies Conflict With University Regent Position

BYLINE: Matthew Mosk, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B04

LENGTH: 756 words


Last fall, top state leaders gathered in the sunroom of the Maryland governor's
mansion to toast former governor Marvin Mandel and celebrate the hanging of his
portrait  --  a painting that spent decades collecting dust in his garage after
his 1977 conviction on mail fraud charges.

But even as Mandel's close friendship with Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. (R) is
helping to rehabilitate him as a force in Annapolis, the 85-year-old Democrat's
name is back in the news in a way that has political veterans cringing.

Mandel, in his third year on the University System of Maryland's Board of
Regents, testified before a legislative committee this year on behalf of an
alcoholic beverage association and registered on behalf of an insurance industry
group. Those actions appear to be in direct violation of a 1999 law that
prohibits regents from lobbying.

Mandel said the news reports, which first appeared in the Baltimore Sun,
characterized behavior that was perfectly legal.

"At the time I became a regent, that [rule] was not told to us," Mandel said in
an interview yesterday. "If it had been, I could have been exempted . . .
because I was representing them before I became a member of the board."

The University System policy makes no provision for exemptions.

A three-member panel of regents is investigating the board chairman, David H.
Nevins, on similar allegations  --  that he ran afoul of the strict ban on
lobbying. Now, lawmakers said, they expect Mandel to become the subject of an
additional probe. And many believe a strong statement is needed from the General
Assembly to rescue the Board of Regents from another scandal.

"We've got to drag some dignity back to this board," said Del. Frank S. Turner
(D-Howard), who oversees the University System's budget. Turner has sponsored a
bill to prohibit board members from political fundraising.

In 2004, former chairman Nathan A. Chapman Jr. was sentenced to prison for
defrauding the state pension fund and other offenses. Chapman's predecessor,
Lance Billingsley, resigned after he was paid to help clients gain access to
then-Gov. Parris N. Glendening (D).

In response to Billingsley's activities, legislation was enacted stating that
regents "shall not, for compensation, assist or represent any party in any
matter before the General Assembly."

Joseph D. Tydings, a former regent and a former U.S. senator, said he was deeply
concerned by reports in The Washington Post that Nevins had been meeting with
lawmakers in Annapolis on behalf of his employer, Constellation Energy Group,
and that Nevins has been paid consulting fees and given executive positions by
companies doing business with the University System.

"Any activity or action, be it by the chair of the regents or the governor of
the state, that injures or harms the image, integrity and reputation of the
University System of Maryland, or any of its institutions, is of serious concern
to me," Tydings said.

Nevins has said his meetings in Annapolis on behalf of Constellation were
appropriate because the "meet and greet" sessions with lawmakers involved only
small talk.

For Mandel, this latest headache is something he could do without at age 85.
"I've always been involved. I've never walked away," he said. "At the same time,
where could there be a conflict of interest in my being a member of the Board of
Regents and my being a representative of the wholesalers in the alcoholic
beverage industry? It just doesn't make sense."

In January 1969, the General Assembly chose Mandel to succeed Spiro T. Agnew (R)
as governor after Agnew became vice president. The state had no lieutenant
governor at the time. Mandel easily won statewide elections as governor in 1970
and 1974.

In 1977, a jury convicted Mandel of mail fraud and racketeering, and he went to
federal prison in 1980 when his appeals were exhausted. He was accused of using
his influence to help friends who owned the Marlboro racetrack in Prince
George's County in exchange for cash and gifts.

In November 1987, six years after his release from prison, a federal judge
overturned the conviction.

Lobbyist Bruce C. Bereano, who helped Mandel win early release, also helped
bring him into Ehrlich's inner circle. Just before the 2002 election, Ehrlich
met Mandel for a well-publicized breakfast and later appointed him to a task
force on streamlining government.

"He is, in terms of governing, an incredible resource, and he is dramatically
involved," Bereano said in an interview last fall. "Water is long under the
bridge."

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: March 23, 2006



CORRECTION: *  A March 21 Metro article about former Maryland governor Marvin
Mandel incorrectly described a portrait he donated to Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr.
The portrait depicts Mandel and his wife, not just Mandel. Mandel said the
portrait was completed in 1977 and hung in his house, not his garage, before
being donated last fall.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              878 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                           February 14, 2006 Tuesday

Bottom line

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 269 words


* ENERGY. The Edison Electric Institute, a trade association of investor-owned
utilities, has hired Compass Consulting Group to lobby on energy and
environmental issues on Capitol Hill. The lobbying team includes Ted
Hollingsworth, a former chief of staff to Sen. George Voinovich (R-Ohio),
chairman of the Clean Air, Climate Change and Nuclear Safety Environment and
Public Works Subcommittee.

* ENVIRONMENT. The National Environment Trust has hired Peter Umhofer, former
aide to Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) and former Majority Leader
Tom Daschle (D-S.D.), to lobby on "natural-disaster-preparedness study
legislation," according to lobbying records. Umhofer has also been lobbying for
the National Audubon Society on bills relating to the Endangered Species Act and
the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.

* AGRICULTURE. The Florida Fruit & Vegetable Association, which represents fruit
and vegetable growers and shippers, has hired O'Connor & Hannan to represent its
interests in Washington. In particular, the firm is lobbying for
hurricane-relief appropriations.

* LOCAL GOVERNMENT. Mendota, Calif., has hired Canster, Venosdel & Associates to
lobby Congress on its behalf. The lobbying team includes Paul Venosdel, a former
state director for California rural development at the Agriculture Department,
and Timothy Caster, a former Agriculture Department assistant to the
undersecretary.

* INTERNET. The Ashcroft Group has been hired by eBay, the Internet auction
company, to lobby on patent-reform measures. Juleanna Glover Weiss, a former
aide to Vice President Cheney, is lobbying for the company.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              879 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 4, 2013 Monday

Water issues top county's lobbying agenda

BYLINE: Zachary K. Johnson, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 385 words


Feb. 04--STOCKTON -- Money and mandates from state and federal governments have
a big impact on what San Joaquin County government does and how it pays for it.

And trying to make the money keep pace with the mandates is one of the reasons
county officials lobby lawmakers and administration officials in Sacramento and
Washington, D.C.

On Tuesday, the Board of Supervisors approved the county's lobbying platform, a
compendium of 10 projects and 49 legislative or regulatory issues in California
and 13 projects and 25 issues on the federal level.

And at the top of the list, as usual, are water issues, both efforts to improve
flood protection and to preserve the county's interests in the Sacramento-San
Joaquin Delta.

The Delta is the water source for much of the state, and a state push that could
build tunnels to divert river water around the Delta to export pumps has local
officials worried about the local impact.

"If this is jammed down our throats, there could be a myriad of bad, bad things
that could happen to the county," Supervisor Larry Ruhstaller said, starting
with the potential loss of agricultural land.

Ruhstaller and board Chairman Ken Vogel are part of a county contingent headed
to Washington next week to meet face to face with Washington decision-makers.
Agriculture and health care are on the agenda, too, but water is at the top of
the list.

Even though the Delta tunnels are a state project, local officials would like to
see federal legislation that would require a cost-benefit analysis for any
proposal to move Delta water.

"We want as much scrutiny as we can get on that," Vogel said. And that could be
useful to measure alternatives to the proposed tunnels plan, he said.

And on the flood protection side, the county would like to see funding to study
and improve the levee system that protects everything from farmland to
Stockton's urban core.

On dry land, the county's legislative priorities are to make improvements at
Stockton Metropolitan Airport and widen Highway 4 from Stockton to the Bay Area
from two to four lanes.

Contact reporter Zachary K. Johnson at (209) 546-8258 or zjohnson@recordnet.com
Visit his blog at recordnet.com/johnsonblog.

___ (c)2013 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130204-SK-Water-issues-top-county-s-lobbying-agenda-0204-20130204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2013 The Record


                              880 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                              June 12, 2015 Friday

El Paso Chamber keeps lead in military lobbying for El Paso in Borderplex
Alliance agreement

BYLINE: By Vic Kolenc / El Paso Times / Follow @vickolenc

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 477 words


The Greater El Paso Chamber of Commerce will retain its leadership role in
military lobbying efforts for El Paso under a new agreement with the Borderplex
Alliance, the groups announced Friday.

Borderplex is a regional economic development organization based in El Paso. It
was formed two years ago and has been involved in lobbying efforts to prevent
reductions at Fort Bliss and other military installations in this area.

The memorandum of understanding, signed by the groups' leaders this week,
formalizes a working relationship the groups already have, said Richard Dayoub,
chamber president.

"This MOU for the most part doesn't change anything that we have been doing or
we plan on doing moving forward in terms of protecting the military assets we
have in this region," which includes Fort Bliss in El Paso, and White Sands
Missile Range and Holloman Air Force Base in southern New Mexico, Dayoub said at
an El Paso Times Editorial Board meeting Friday.

Army officials are expected to make some decisions this summer about future
operations at Fort Bliss and other Army installations in the country, Dayoub
said.

Gary Borsch, chamber board chairman and operator of an El Paso investment
management firm, sees the agreement as a bigger deal.

It was a "breakthrough" in the relationship between the two groups when, Borsch
said, Borderplex Alliance CEO Rolando Pablos early this year asked the chamber
"to be the point person for military affairs" in this area.

Sometimes lines of operations blur and the memo insures the groups won't
duplicate military-installation lobbying efforts, Borsch said. It also is
designed to prevent the groups from sending separate messages about
military-related matters to Washington and Austin, he said.

Pablos said the 2-year-old Borderplex Alliance will continue its role of
recruiting defense industry companies to this area, and will continue to work on
improving workforce opportunities for military spouses.

Borderplex's ongoing efforts to improve quality of life in this area also will
help in efforts to retain military installations here, Pablos said. Military
leaders measure an area's quality of life as part of reviews of future plans for
installations, he said.

The agreement with the chamber is the Borderplex's fifth agreement on economic
development issues with area organizations, Pablos said. The agreements are part
of its goal of getting area organizations to buy into a unified, regional
economic development plan, he said.

The El Paso chamber is hiring McBee Strategic, a Washington, D.C., lobbying
firm, to help with the chamber's military lobbying efforts. The chamber plans to
sign a one-year contract with the firm soon, but it will not divulge financial
details, Dayoub said. McBee was used by the Borderplex Alliance, and it does
work for the city of El Paso, Dayoub said.

Vic Kolenc may be reached at 546-6421.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Former U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel visited Fort Bliss in
January. He was with Fort Bliss Commanding General Maj. Gen. Stephen Twitty. The
Greater El Paso Chamber of Commerce will remain lead military lobbyist for El
Paso under an agreement with the Borderplex Alliance.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              881 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             October 8, 2010 Friday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

MCCOLLUM SOUGHT A SECRET REPLY

BYLINE: STEVE BOUSQUET

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 506 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: He asked the Ethics Commission not to reveal his request to be
exempted from lobbying rules.


Barely a week after he lost the Republican primary for governor, Attorney
General Bill McCollum sought legal advice on whether he can lobby the governor's
office and Cabinet - the very people he works with now - after he leaves office
in January.

The answer: No.

He'll have to wait two years before he can collect fees to represent private
clients before the state government that has employed him the past four years.

McCollum, whose duties as attorney general include upholding Florida's open
government laws, also wanted his request kept secret. He asked the Commission on
Ethics not to reveal his name as the person making the inquiry, but the agency
did anyway.

McCollum, 66, still has not endorsed Rick Scott, the man who defeated him in the
Republican primary. Yet by his request, McCollum is exploring whether he can
lobby the next governor.

The attorney general, who was criticized by Scott for being "a career politician
and a lobbyist," said through a spokeswoman Thursday that he hasn't decided his
next move.

"He is currently weighing his options," said spokeswoman Ryan Wiggins, adding
that McCollum sought legal advice "in case he decides to go into lobbying."

McCollum's Sept. 3 letter to the Commission on Ethics noted that state law and
the Constitution already bar him from lobbying his current agency, the attorney
general's office, for two years after leaving office in January.

The post-employment restriction is intended to discourage a revolving-door
political culture in which ex-officeholders immediately cash in on their
connections and experience.

But because the attorney general also is a member of the Cabinet, McCollum asked
"what entities" are also covered by the lobbying restriction.

The attorney general, as a Cabinet member, serves on a variety of boards
overseeing the state pension fund, environmental, land use and other issues.

In its opinion, the ethics commission said: "One's public service career and
contacts developed in that capacity should not be used to enrich oneself at the
expense of the public (and) the provision was intended to prevent influence
peddling and the use of public office to create opportunities for personal
profit through lobbying once an official leaves office."

In his letter to the ethics panel, McCollum wrote: "I also request that my name
be withheld from any published opinion issued by the Commission." It is online
at www.ethics.state.fl.us.

McCollum, a lawyer who served for 20 years in Congress, listed a net worth of
$1.3 million in 2009. He collects $82,000 annually as a congressional pension.

For several years after he left Congress, McCollum was a $400,000-a-year
lobbyist for the Baker & Hostetler law firm.

At an Aug. 13 campaign stop in Jacksonville Beach, McCollum told a small group
of Republican voters: "I will tell you this much. I could be making a lot more
on the outside than I ever did on the inside. That's right."

Times/Herald staff writer Marc Caputo contributed to this report. Steve Bousquet
can be reached at bousquet@sptimes.com or (850) 224-7263.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Bill McCollum has to wait two years after he leaves office
before he can work as a state lobbyist.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              882 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                            February 21, 2010 Sunday

BYLINE: By Debra E. Blum

SECTION: IDEAS & ADVICE; Managing

LENGTH: 1323  words

ABSTRACT

As state aid gets harder to find, charities are learning to build ties to
lawmakers and become stronger public advocates.

FULL TEXT

Roughly 200 staff members and volunteers from Minnesota's Habitat for Humanity
affiliates are expected to attend an advocacy event this month at the state
capitol. They plan to meet with lawmakers to seek continued support, push
policies that promote low-cost housing, and speak in favor of bills on
foreclosures.

For most of the participants-described by an organizer as "willing but
nervous"-it will be an introduction to Habitat's new lobbying efforts, and it
will be their first attempt to woo policy makers, too.

"We have to tell them not to be afraid, that we have standing to be there and to
have a voice in the democratic process," says Kristin Beckmann, director of
government and community relations at the Twin Cities Habitat for Humanity, in
Minneapolis. "I love opening people's eyes to that-that nonprofits should see
themselves as a partner in making legislation."

Although many nonprofit groups are organized for advocacy, plenty more
charities, especially service providers or smaller groups, shy away from
lobbying, saying they feel hampered by the rules that govern the activity or
that they don't have the resources or expertise to get involved.

But that may be changing, as advocacy experts like Ms. Beckmann, who have for
years been trying to tell reluctant charities that they can and should lobby,
say their message is finally finding a bit of traction.

Some credit the Obama administration for projecting the image that government is
more open and inclusive. Others say that the national focus on job creation and
helping people hurt by the recession has emboldened nonprofit groups that work
in those arenas to speak out. Most, however, say worry about budget cuts at
local, state, and federal agencies has pushed charities to reconsider their role
in government decision making.

"Groups think, 'We're service providers. We don't lobby-that's for the advocacy
groups,'" says Abby R. Levine, deputy director of advocacy at the Alliance for
Justice, a Washington association of advocacy groups that advises nonprofit
organizations about lobbying issues. "But now there's a budget crisis, money is
tight, and the light bulb goes off, and the groups are saying, 'Wait, maybe this
does pertain to us.'"

Charities interested in lobbying should first take stock of their organization,
pinpoint their message, and determine exactly what they would want legislation
to accomplish, says Gita Gulati-Partee, a consultant in Durham, N.C., who works
on advocacy with nonprofit clients. Then, she says, they can figure out the most
effective way to convey their position to lawmakers.

"It's best," she says, "to build a lobbying strategy within a broader plan for
advocacy and education, so you get your message out not only to legislators, but
to many different constituencies."

Following are more tips for getting started:

Learn the law. Surveys show that charities sometimes stay on the political
sidelines because they misunderstand the rules governing their lobbying. Laws do
strictly prohibit charities from endorsing or opposing candidates for elected
office, but lobbying-communicating with elected officials about a particular
piece of legislation-is allowed within broad limits.

Advocacy experts say the easiest way for most groups to feel comfortable within
those limits is to follow the Internal Revenue Service's 501(h) expenditure
test-which, depending on the organization's size, allows for spending up to
$1-million a year on lobbying. Groups that do not choose to be covered by the
expenditure test are allowed to lobby, too, as long as the activity does not
become what the IRS would consider a "substantial part" of the group's work.
State laws generally do not limit how much lobbying a charity can do, though
some may require registration or disclosure of expenditures.

Learn the basics. National organizations, such as the Alliance for Justice, and
another Washington group, the Center for Lobbying in the Public Interest, offer
information and training about charity lobbying, as do many state associations
of nonprofit groups. Charities can learn about local and federal lobby laws, the
legislative process, and how best to communicate with lawmakers. Training is
often geared toward the totally uninitiated, like the Minnesota Council of
Nonprofits' Capitol Lab, a half-day tour of the state capitol, intended to
familiarize would-be lobbyists with everything from where to park to how to
track a bill going through the legislature.

Bring everyone along. When the Mile High United Way, in Denver, decided to delve
into lobbying a few years ago, it created a public-policy committee on its board
to explore the group's needs and interests. Trustees and staff members also
reached out to volunteers and donors to make sure United Way's constituents
understood and would support its lobbying efforts on behalf of state legislation
that would benefit foster children.

Kevin Hougen, who chairs Mile High's public-policy committee says that charities
also have to be inclusive when setting their legislative agendas. Last year,
Mile High lobbied in favor of a state law that would require more disclosures
and documentation for so-called payday loans, short-term loans that cover a
borrower's expenses until his or her next paycheck.

"We had a couple big donors in the business. They were payday lenders, and we
didn't want to anger or alienate them," Mr. Hougen says. "We had to go to them
and present our case about why these new rules would help our self-sufficiency
program, how it served our mission."

Build relationships. Charities should know their elected officials and their
elected officials should know them. Invite lawmakers and their staff members for
site visits; hold a reception for them; meet them at their offices to talk about
policies and the work the charity is doing even when there's no specific
legislation on the table.

In December, Twin Cities Habitat started a program, called Rehab With Your Rep,
which invites lawmakers to help build houses alongside the charity's volunteers.
"If you're standing next to your state rep priming windows for seven hours, you
have the chance to get to know each other better and to talk about policy and
funding issues," says Twin Cities' Ms. Beckmann.

Become a resource for lawmakers. Charities have an invaluable asset to offer:
the stories of the work they do. Two or three times a year, Neighborhood Housing
Services of Chicago, sends e-mail messages to the legislative staffs of all the
members of Congress in its region, detailing what the organization is doing in
each Congressional district.

"If there's a hearing on foreclosure intervention coming up, we'll say, 'Here's
the perspective from the field, this is how this issue is affecting people in
your community, and this is what we are doing,'" says Christen Wiggins, director
of innovation, evaluation, and public policy for the group.

Don't give up. Lawmaking is complicated and lobbying can be a delicate process.
Experience helps, as does time spent developing relationships.

"Last legislative session we tried to get a law changed, and we were not
successful," says Ellen Bush, executive director of CASA of Montana, a network
of groups in the state that advocate for abused and neglected children in the
court system. "But we moved up on the list in terms of visibility, and we're
getting more politically wise. We're ready to go back out this session."

Tim Delaney, chief executive of the National Council of Nonprofits, in
Washington, an umbrella group of state nonprofit associations, appreciates that
kind of eagerness. Too many charities would rather avoid the sometimes messy
legislative process.

"What people don't seem to recognize, or they forget, is how much fun it is to
go in and roll up your sleeves and make a difference," he says. "It's
invigorating."

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The charity reinforces the importance of advocacy by displaying posters
like this for volunteers at its construction sites.
Courtesy of Twin Cities Habitat for Humanity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              883 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                        May 2, 2005 Monday Home Edition

'Save Our Base' lobbying cranks up;
Defense tactics: Areas use emotion, consultants in bids to save facilities from
Pentagon closure.

BYLINE: BOB DART

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A;

LENGTH: 1034 words


Washington --- Former Mississippi congressman Sonny Montgomery is remembered as
the ringmaster of the lobbying circus connected with military base closures.

When members of the Base Realignment and Closure Commission --- known as BRAC,
for short --- would visit a Mississippi community with a threatened military
installation, the Democratic representative would organize parades and "stick
the commissioners on the back of convertibles," recalled Jeremiah Gertler, an
analyst with the 1995 commission. "There would be cheerleaders with pompoms and
marching bands, and people would be lining the streets cheering the procession
to the base.

"He may have been on to something. His bases did very well," mused Gertler, now
a defense specialist with the Center for Strategic and International Studies.

Montgomery is retired now. But with the Pentagon's proposed list for the first
round of base closures in a decade set to be announced in mid-May, "Save Our
Base" lobbying is revved up from Kittery, Maine, where the historic Portsmouth
Naval Shipyard is endangered, to Yuba City, Calif., where 500 townsfolk recently
lined up on a high school football field and spelled out "Save Beale" in a
campaign to keep open nearby Beale Air Force Base.

Four earlier rounds of closures in 1988, 1991, 1993 and 1995 shut down 97 major
military installations and ended or reduced operations in scores of smaller
ones. The bipartisan BRAC committee, using --- but not limited to --- the
Pentagon list, will make its decisions by Sept. 8. Congress and President Bush
will then ratify or reject the recommendations.

Before rendering its decisions, the commission conducts hearings and sends
members and staff to every base slated for closure.

Major reductions

Seeking significant consolidations, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld has warned
that a fifth of the remaining 425 domestic bases could be closed. States and
communities have engaged an army of lobbyists, consultants, former lawmakers and
retired military honchos to try to keep their bases off the dreaded list.

Gov. Sonny Perdue has gone to the Pentagon to make the case for the state's
bases. And Georgia's voluntary Military Affairs Coordinating Committee is headed
by the state's former senators: Sam Nunn, who was a Democratic chairman of the
Armed Services Committee, and Mack Mattingly, a former Republican chairman of
the Military Construction Appropriations Subcommittee. It also includes five
retired generals or admirals.

"For any military community waiting to this stage to hire a lobbyist, it's too
late," said Bob Hurt, Nunn's former top Senate aide and a partner in Hurt,
Norton and Associates, a consulting firm to several military communities in the
South and Midwest.

Unless a community has already prepared its defense, it makes it harder to
challenge the Pentagon's list when the BRAC commissioners begin regional
hearings on the Pentagon recommendations, he said.

The campaigns pit community against community, state against state.

"It's very competitive," said Barry Rhoads, a member of the 1991 base closing
commission and founder of The Rhoads Group, another lobbying group in the BRAC
process. Indeed, he would not reveal his clients or tactics because "I don't
want to let others know what we are doing."

Preparing for the 2005 closings, "the efforts go back a couple of years," said
Tara Butler, the BRAC specialist with the National Governors Association. "But
there is no such thing as BRAC-proofing a base. No one knows what will work or
what will not."

The basic approach is to anticipate any problems and remove them before the
assessments are made, she said. A problem at many bases is encroachment.
"Residential or commercial development bumps up against military establishment."

Arizona, Georgia, Florida and North Carolina are among the states that have
passed legislation to help bases ward off encroachment, she said.

Selling points

Many communities have upgraded infrastructure around bases --- widening and
paving roads, upgrading sewer lines and building more affordable housing, Butler
said. Others use zoning to facilitate night training.

States also go to great lengths to emphasize why their bases should remain open
while others close.

"It is crucial that we make the case for those unique defense assets that
California brings to the table," Leon Panetta, a former California congressman
and Clinton's chief of staff, told the commission he heads to keep bases in his
home state. "California's weather and terrain provide the best place imaginable
for training, testing and mobilizing forces. Not even the Defense Department can
move the mountains, desert, oceans, and sunshine that result in California
providing 90 percent of all military training days nationwide."

Communities also go all out to convince decision-makers that they appreciate
military families --- and their dollars.

The emotional tactics range from hundreds of residents sending e-mails and
letters to campaigns in which elementary school children draw pictures after
visits to their local bases and send them to the BRAC, said Tim Ford, a
spokesman for An Association of Defense Communities, an advocacy group.

"Last time, one community had a 'living flag' made up of 300 elementary school
kids in red, white or blue hats," Ford said. "Several members of the BRAC
commission were flown in helicopters over the hillside where the kids were."

"Commissioners are human," said Hurt. "When they go to an installation and see
people have turned out, it helps."

No community wants to be remembered as the place where people didn't come out to
support their base.

"Community support is one of those intangible factors," said Ken Beeks, vice
president of Business Executives for National Security, a group that views base
closures as a necessary to cut Pentagon spending. "Everybody knows what is a
good Navy town, a good Army town, and what is not."

However, Beeks believes that hiring lobbyists in the BRAC process is a waste of
money.

"It's probably not a winnable battle [for communities earmarked for closures],
but most feel that they have to be seen as having tried," he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld has said one in five domestic bases
could be closed. ; STEPHEN R. SYLVANIE / The (Yuba City-Marysville, Calif.)
Appeal-Democrat Northern California residents gather on the Yuba City High
School football field to spell out "Save Beale," in an effort to support their
Air Force base. TROY OXFORD / Staff GEORGIA'S MILITARY BASES In the previous
four rounds of closings in the United States (1988, 1991, 1993 and 1995), 95
installations were closed. Georgia did not lose any of its 13 bases, and
operations expanded at some of them.  1 Dobbins Air Reserve Base, Marietta 2
Fort Benning, Columbus 3 Fort Gillem, Forest Park 4 Fort Gordon, Augusta 5 Fort
Stewart, Hinesville 6 Fort McPherson, Atlanta 7 Hunter Army Air Field, Savannah
8 Marine Corps Logistics Base, Albany 9 Moody Air Force Base, Valdosta 10 Naval
Air Station Atlanta, Marietta 11 Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay, St. Marys 12
Navy Supply Corps School, Athens 13 Robins Air Force Base, Warner Robins Outline
map of Georgia shows location of military bases.  Georgia bases: total personnel
Fort Benning: 35,371 Fort Stewart / Hunter Army: 23,018 Robins Air Force Base:
20,277 Fort Gordon: 11,170 Fort McPherson / Fort Gillem: 11,085 Naval Submarine
Base Kings Bay: 6,858 Moody Air Force Base: 4,054 Marine Corps Logistics Base:
2,986 Naval Air Station Atlanta: 2,904 Dobbins Air Reserve Base: 975 Navy Supply
Corps School: 323 Bar graph shows ratio of military and civilian personnel.
Source: Georgia Military Affairs Coordinating Committee

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              884 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     August 27, 1995, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

A lobbying rule we don't need

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 4Q

LENGTH: 385 words


When the Senate returns to work next month, one of its first tasks will be to
scrutinize the figures in a House-passed appropriations bill for the Department
of Labor and the Department of Health and Human Resources. The honorables would
be remiss, however, if they didn't also zero in on the innocuous-sounding Istook
Amendment to the bill. It ought to be eliminated.

The amendment takes its name from freshman Rep. Ernest J. Istook (R- Okla.). He
claims his intent is to prevent organizations that receive federal funding from
using that money for political lobbying to advance their causes, no matter how
worthy they are.

The truth is, federal law already prohibits direct application of federal funds
for lobbying, and Istook knows it. He thinks, however, that federal infusions
give organizations a surplus they can apply to lobbying, and he wants to limit
that ability sharply.

The list of nonprofits that would be affected adversely by Istook's amendment is
diverse: the American Cancer Society, Girl Scouts, Catholic Charities, the
American Association of Retired Persons, the American Friends Service Committee
and the Southern Environmental Law Center, to name a few.

What has Istook's fellow right-wingers practically drooling in anticipation is
the possibility this amendment could "defund the left," as one Republican
insider put it. What that means is that organizations with social, environmental
or other concerns that aren't in step with the GOP's tempo could see federal
funding dry up or be effectively muzzled.

Istook's amendment poses all manner of problems. The way it is worded, an
organization could get into trouble for filing a suit in federal court or merely
for having a favorable article written about it in a local newspaper. The
amendment most certainly impinges on nonprofits' First Amendment rights. It also
smacks of gross unfairness: Giant corporations will still be permitted to lobby,
even if they do business with the government, but nonprofits in similar
circumstances would be severely restricted.

Defunding the left, in practice, looks more like defunding a lot of do-gooders.
(Since when are the Girl Scouts leftist?) The Senate would be making a big
mistake if it gave its assent to this effort to penalize organizations that
exist to do good.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              885 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 20, 1997, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Liberties;
Integrity Clearance Sale

BYLINE: By MAUREEN DOWD

SECTION: Section A; Page 13; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 712 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Even here in Washington, a town supposedly without pity, we still believe in
good guys and bad guys.

That's why we're blushing now for Ann Richards, George Mitchell and Howard
Baker. While cashing in has become a national calling, their Faustian bargain
with Big Tobacco has left many here speechless.

This "dream team" once had the fragrance of integrity. Now they're all lobbyists
taking sinful amounts of money from America's leading sin industry, lending it
their aura of respectability.

Their assignment is to sell Congress on the $368.5 billion tobacco settlement,
negotiated by tobacco lawyers and state attorneys general, which would shield
the industry from future lawsuits filed by smokers. In return, these politicos
get a big cut of the whopping $30 million that the tobacco industry has spent on
lobbying this year.

If Big Tobacco thinks this deal is good for it, it's bad for us. These are the
suits who swore under oath that smoking didn't cause cancer and cigarettes
weren't addictive.

Of course, Washington is a place where, as one Carter White House official
snickered, "First you do good, then you do well."

But this starry array of "good guys" lobbying to win Congressional blessing for
the deal struck by the vile tobacco industry is sickening, even by local
standards.

When Hillary Rodham Clinton wags a finger at Julia Roberts for glamorizing
smoking in movies, she should look closer to home. The lobbying roster for the
tobacco deal is so top-heavy with big-name Democrats that it reads like the
guest list for a White House soiree. Even the First Lady's own brother, Hugh
Rodham, a Florida lawyer, was cut in.

Al Gore was out this week denouncing tobacco in an Oprah-style forum in
Washington State, while the firms of his former aide Peter Knight (working on
the states' side) and his friend the admeister Carter Eskew are reaping big fees
selling the tobacco deal.

You expect the Republicans to be the henchlings of Big Tobacco. (Philip Morris
was the number one contributor, with $2.5 million, to the Republican Party in
1996.) It's the Democrats who seem out of place pocketing tobacco's blood money.

Cigarettes are a particular scourge of women, minorities and the poor. Yet here
is Ann Richards, a heroine of women, minorities and the poor, twisting arms to
help a murderous industry that preys on the downtrodden she once championed.
Hawking Doritos with Mario Cuomo was just tacky. Hawking tobacco -- especially
given the fact that the former Texas Governor speaks movingly about being a
recovering alcoholic who understands the iron trap of addiction -- is
reprehensible.

How can George Mitchell be both a statesman working against death in Northern
Ireland and a shill for death in America?

We proudly remember Howard Baker for asking, at a pivotal moment during
Watergate, "What did the President know, and when did he know it?" Well,
shouldn't he be asking the same question of his new clients? It was grim to
watch the former Senate majority leader, whose first wife died of lung cancer,
relinquish his spot as chairman of the board of trustees of the Mayo Clinic
because his tobacco work nauseated his doctor friends.

"Maybe it's Pollyanna-ish," says David Kessler, the former F.D.A. chief. "But
while I have some sympathy for tobacco farmers, the ones I have the most problem
with are the hired guns who stood for the public health and the public interest
and now are on the other side."

Washington's capacity for justifying the unjustifiable is boundless. Another
"good guy," former Johnson White House adviser Harry McPherson, explains that he
and his partners, Ms. Richards and Mr. Mitchell, took on their tobacco clients
to advance the country's public health because the multibillion settlement will
provide funds for programs aimed at cutting teen-age smoking and helping smokers
quit their habit. In the Orwellianism of the season, he explained to The Times's
Jill Abramson: "This is a chance to work on an issue that if it is completed
successfully would make a very large contribution to the public health of the
country."

The McPherson-Richards-Mitchell law firm has already earned more than $5 million
this year from the five largest tobacco companies.

Where there's smoke, there's hire.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Op-Ed

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              886 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 28, 2013 Thursday

Lobbying for animals

BYLINE: The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 360 words


Feb. 28--The Legislature went to the dogs Monday -- and cats, horses and other
animals.

More than 150 people participated in Animal Lobby Day, hosted by Animal
Protection Voters and sponsored by the American Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals. The "citizen lobbyists" started the day learning about
effective lobbying, the legislative process and proper decorum for visiting
legislators and the state Capitol. The group also spent time writing their
legislators about animal welfare legislation, including strengthening the
state's animal cruelty laws, ending breed-specific legislation, establishing a
horse shelter rescue fund, banning cruel traps and poisons, banning
animal-killing contests and extending the sunset date for the Animal Sheltering
Board. The day ended with a news conference at the Roundhouse, featuring several
legislators and others encouraging support of animal welfare legislation.

David Card was one of several speakers at the news conference who talked about
the importance of strengthening the state's animal cruelty law with passage of
Senate Bill 83. Holding his dog, Taffy, Card spoke about adopting the blind,
diabetic dog from Almost Home New Mexico, a dog rescue group in Peralta, N.M. He
said the dog was found emaciated with serious injuries on the side of a road,
most likely "discarded" by his humans because of his illnesses. Card said Taffy
is an example of why stronger laws were needed in New Mexico. A former public
relations official for Albuquerque animal services, Card said the neglect, abuse
and abandonment that Taffy suffered happens far too frequently in the state.

"We are here to make a responsible stand against animal abuse and to try to make
things better in our state," he said. "We need to get the slap on the hand,
misdemeanor [animal abuse] converted into a felony, fourth-degree," he said.
"People don't know about the number of animals that are abused and neglected.
There are so many stories, and they are not pretty."

___ (c)2013 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130228-SF-Lobbying-for-animals-0228-20130228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2013 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              887 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                               May 2, 2010 Sunday

CSX spending big on lobbyists;
ANTITRUST Railroads enjoy protections that are now under review

BYLINE: MATT DIXON

SECTION: Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 1081 words


Jacksonville-based rail carrier CSX Transportation has poured millions into
lobbying against a bill that would end railroad industry antitrust exemptions,
and another - seen as a watered-down compromise - that would bolster the federal
agency that regulates the industry.

The fight against tougher regulations comes at a time when Tampa-based Seminole
Electric Cooperative Inc. is challenging what it calls an unfair increase in CSX
freight rates affecting shipments of coal to its Palatka generating station. The
rate increases upped the companies' costs by $80 million in 2009, a Seminole
spokesman said. Overall, the company had $1.2 billion in operating expenses in
2009, according to its annual report.

The two bills opposed by CSX - and the rest of the industry - would not directly
affect the ability to set rates. Observers, however, say that the industry's
push-back against the closure of antitrust exemptions, coupled with big rate
increases that the few remaining private rail carriers can impose, helps pull
the curtain back on an influential industry that has been exempt from portions
of federal antitrust laws since the 1920s.

"They are one of the biggest lobbying players out there," said Bob Szabo,
executive director of Consumers United for Rail Equity, a coalition of rail
customers that itself spent $700,000 lobbying Congress in 2009. "Railroads are
very powerful political players."

The industry spent $46.5 million lobbying Congress in 2009, a 90 percent
increase over 2000 levels, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.

REACHING RECORD LEVELS

CSX's efforts against the two bills has upped the company's overall spending on
lobbyists to record levels, eclipsing $5 million in 2009 (a nearly $1 million
increase over 2008), and has CSX on pace to spend $5.6 million in 2010,
according to the company's first-quarter lobbying reports.

Of the $5 million spent in 2009, more than $3.3 million was related to the fight
against the antitrust bill, according to lobbying reports. CSX ranks third out
of the 90 companies that filed reports lobbying for or against the bill. Ahead
of them on the list are rail carriers Norfolk Southern and Union Pacific.

The first bill, HR233/S146, would place all railroad company mergers,
acquisitions and rail-line sales - many of which are currently exempt - under
federal antitrust laws administered by the Department of Justice. The bill would
also ensure that private parties could use antitrust laws to get remedies for
anti-competitive harm caused by railroads.

The antitrust exemptions were given by Congress in the 1920s at a time when the
rail industry faced stiffer government regulation. In the 1970s regulation on
the industry began to ease, but the exemptions remained in place. Opponents of
the exemptions argue they are outdated.

"Railroads today benefit from several antitrust exemptions and immunities which
are legacies of a bygone era," said M. Howard Morse, of the American Bar
Association, in testimony about the bill before Congress in 2009.

The railroad industry, proponents of the exemptions say, are already subject to
most antitrust laws, and in areas they are exempt are overseen by the Surface
Transportation Board (STB).

"Railroads cannot, under law, collectively agree to set rates, take other
rate-related actions, or allocate markets," said Gary Sease, a CSX spokesman.

ANOTHER HARD CHOICE

The House version of the bill has been bogged down in committee, and the Senate
version has been pulled by sponsor Herb Kohl, D-Wis., and replaced with
compromise legislation.

Szabo says that the heavy lobbying has played a role in sapping the bill's
momentum.

Members of Congress "have taken a lot of tough votes this year. They don't want
to have to choose between friends they have in the railroad industry, and
friends they have that are railroad company customers," Szabo said.

Because the anti-trust bills have been mired in committee, many have turned
their attention to another piece of legislation sponsored by U.S. Sen. John
Rockefeller, D-West Virginia, that leaves the railroad industry's antitrust
exemptions in place, but would strengthen STB.

That bill, S. 2889, would increase board's membership from three to five
members, remove it from the Department of Transportation to establish it as an
independent agency, and make it more proactive by allowing it to initiate
actions.

"It would tighten up and toughen up the agency that oversees the railroads,"
said Szabo, with Consumers United for Rail Equity.

His group does, however, view the bill as watered down because it includes no
measures dealing with the railroad industry's antitrust exemptions.

It's the same reason industry groups did not oppose the bill in its early
stages.

"We did not oppose the bill through the committee markup process, but we
continue to have concerns, particularly given the lack of known antitrust
measures that could be added later," said Holly Arthur, spokeswoman with the
Association of American Railroads, an industry trade group.

CSX also says it has not opposed the bill in its early stages, but does have
concerns with specific language already in the bill.

Sease cited a measure that would give the STB the authority to require that
railroads provide access to their terminals to competing railroads under certain
circumstances.

The bill "would provide access to our privately built and maintained network by
other railroads without ensuring adequate compensation for such access," Sease
said.

Under the bill, the STB would have the authority to allow railroads to provide
access to competitors if it's in the public interest, if it would not negatively
affect the railroads's efficiency and if it would not negatively impact service
to rail customers.

In late 2008, Seminole, which serves 1.7 million customers and 46 counties
throughout Florida, filed documents with the STB claiming that new rates imposed
by CSX on coal shipments to its Palatka generating station increased fuel costs
by $80 million in 2009.

Sease said that Seminole's assertions are "incorrect" and "based on flawed
data."

"Our market-based rates are fair, reasonable and comparable to other utilities
served by CSX," he said.

The rate increases came after CSX's contract with Seminole expired. Because CSX
is the lone option for shipping to Palatka, Seminole had to continue using the
company.

The case, which could result in CSX having to roll back its rates, is still
open, and is expected to wrap up in early 2011.

matt.dixon@jacksonville.com,

(904) 359-4174

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
The Times-Union CSX Transportation, based in Jacksonville, is spending millions
to fight changes in federal antitrust laws.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Florida Times-Union


                              888 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           February 6, 2003, Thursday

VALENTINE GIFT CITED IN PROBE

BYLINE: BY JOE MAHONEY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 175 words

ALBANY - The company at the center of a state corruption probe has turned over
documents that show it did more favors for lawmakers - including buying one a
Valentine's Day gift, sources said yesterday.

Sources said the documents, turned over to the state Lobbying Commission this
week, show a since-fired Correctional Services Corp. executive was reimbursed
for spending money on lawmakers.

"There clearly were lobbying expenses that had not been reported to us before,
so they are going to have to amend their filing," said David Grandeau, executive
director of the state Lobbying Commission.

The vouchers, filed by Franklin (Chris) Jackson, a former vice president at the
company, refer to former state Sen. Larry Seabrook (D-Bronx) and other
lawmakers, sources said. A source said the receipts show Jackson once gave a
Valentine's gift, worth more than $75, to an unidentified legislator.

At the time the vouchers were filed, Correctional Services was bidding to renew
a lucrative contract with the state to run halfway houses.


LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                              889 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                              May 28, 2010 Friday

Peyton dumps Capitol lobbyists;
The city will no longer have representation in Tallahassee due to cost.

BYLINE: MATT DIXON

SECTION: Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 759 words


Jacksonville Mayor John Peyton has decided the city will no longer hire firms to
lobby the Legislature and governor's office. Since 2008, the city has spent
$430,000 annually on state lobbying.

Officials say the decision is due to budget constraints and is not a reflection
of performance. This year, city lobbyists worked on 10 items ranging from
red-light cameras to beach renourishment funding, according to a legislative
issue report prepared for City Council.

The four firms whose city contracts will expire this year are Tallahassee-based
Southern Strategy group, Ausley and McMullen, GrayRobinson PA and Ponte Vedra
Beach-based The Fiorentino Group.

Southern Strategy's contract increased from $95,000 to $145,000 annually in
2008. The other three contracts are worth $95,000 annually, according to city
lobbying records.

City officials said they are not concerned that Florida's most populous city
will lack a lobbying presence in Tallahassee. They will still lobby on important
issues by relying on partnerships with advocacy organizations.

"We believe the issues we will potentially face will be the same issues faced by
others cities and counties," said Peyton spokeswoman Misty Skipper. "This will
allow us to work with other associations, the Florida Association of Counties in
particular."

Others, however, say that it is when budgets are tight that cities most need
good lobbyists.

"Now everyone has their daggers out trying to get their chunk of the pie," said
Carl Adams, president of the Florida Association of Professional Lobbyists.

"In my 40 years of lobbying experience, I have never heard of a municipality of
such a substantial size doing this," he said.

During this year's legislative session, city lobbyists said in the report they
worked on a host of issues, including:

- Securing $2.1 million for Jacksonville's beach renourishment project. This
money is included in the state budget approved by the House and Senate and
awaits Gov. Charlie Crist's signature.

- A bill that will create a St. Johns River specialty license plate. Money from
the plate will help finance St. Johns River research and access.

- Working to restore funding to the state library system. State lawmakers were
originally considering cutting all state funding to the library system but later
decided to keep funding at 2009 levels.

- A bill that will allow local governments to use cameras at intersections to
catch motorists who run through red lights.

Peyton's chief of staff, Adam Hollingsworth, said the decision to go
lobbyist-free was based on finances.

"We are happy with the quality of our team," he said. "When you are ... in the
deepest marrow of government, it is difficult to justify the lobbying fees."

He said the city's four lobbying contracts were structured as one-year contracts
with three renewals. Because the last of those renewals is up, the city would
have to request proposals from any firm who wanted to lobby for the city and
could not simply renew the existing contracts.

matt.dixon@jacksonville.com

(904) 359-4174

LOBBYING EFFORTS

During the this year's legislative session, Jacksonville lobbyists worked on 10
items:

- A bill that allows local governments to use cameras at intersections to catch
motorists who run red lights. (Passed)

- A bill that would allow Duval County to ask the voters by referendum to create
an Indigent Care and Trauma Center Surtax. (Failed)

- Securing $2.1 million for Jacksonville's beach renourishment program. (Passed,
waiting for Gov. Charlie Crist's signature.)

- The renewal of the state's QTI program, which offers tax credits to companies
that meet certain performance conditions, such as the creation of high paying
jobs. (Passed)

- The Taxpayer Bill of Rights, a proposed amendment to the state Constitution
that would, among other things, require voters to approve new taxes and fees.
(Failed)

- Restoring $14 million that had been cut last year for the Florida Forever
Preservation Program, which purchases private land for conservation purposes.
(Passed)

- State lawmakers were considering cutting all state funding to the library
system but decided to keep funding at 2009 levels. Of the $21.2 million in
restored funding, Jacksonville will receive about $800,000. (Passed)

- A bill that would have neutralized local fertilizer ordinances. (Failed)

- A bill that deals with multiple water conservation issues. (Passed)

- A bill that creates the St. Johns River Alliance license plate. Proceeds from
the plate will help finance St. Johns River research and access. (Passed)

Source: 2010 State Legislative Issue Report

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Florida Times-Union


                              890 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             March 19, 2013 Tuesday

Minnesota politics: $54 million spent lobbying the state in 2012

BYLINE: By Doug Belden dbelden@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Legislature

LENGTH: 309 words


Business, labor, sports and other groups spent about $54 million on lobbying at
the state Capitol in 2012, according to data released Wednesday, March 20, by
the Minnesota Campaign Finance and Public Disclosure Board.

That doesn't include roughly $2.5 million spent to influence action by the state
Public Utilities Commission. It also doesn't count reports from about 160
organizations that have yet to file their information with the board.

The figures include money spent on lobbying activity plus compensation for
lobbyists.

The 2012 totals at this point are down about 13 percent compared with last year
and lower than any year since 2006.

Leading the expenditure list for 2012 is the Minnesota Chamber of Commerce,
which spent $2 million.

The rest of the top 10 are Education Minnesota ($1,040,000); the Minnesota
Business Partnership ($880,000); the Minnesota AFL-CIO ($860,000); Minneapolis
Radiation Oncology Physicians ($640,000); the Minnesota Indian Gaming
Association ($627,000); the Coalition of Minnesota Businesses ($620,000); the
League of Minnesota Cities ($620,000); the Minnesota Vikings Football Club
($610,000); and the Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe Indians ($575,000).

The year 2012 was a big one for the Vikings. After years of lobbying, the team
got $500 million in public funding for a new stadium approved.

The $610,000 the team spent last year is down from $840,000 in 2011. From 2006
to 2010, the Vikings spent a total of about $2.8 million on lobbying.

Doug Belden can be reached at 651-228-5136. Follow him
attwitter.com/dbeldenpipress .

LOBBYING TOTALS

Total amount spent on lobbying in Minnesota, including compensation for
lobbyists, by year:

2012: $56.5 million

2011: $65.2 million

2010: $59.8 million

2009: $63 million

2008: $62.6 million

2007: $61.7 million

2006: $54.2 million

Source: Minnesota Campaign Finance and Public Disclosure Board

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              891 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             May 24, 2007 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Lobbying bill up for vote -- and scrutiny;
Skeptics say revised version will change little

BYLINE: Ken Dilanian

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 920 words


As House Speaker Nancy Pelosi sees it, the lobbying bill that may come up for a
vote in the House today would "end the tight-knit relationship between lobbyists
and lawmakers."

Critics, though, point out that the measure would do little to change how
well-funded special interests seek to influence Congress.

Today alone, there are 13 Washington fundraisers scheduled for GOP House
members, according to the National Republican Campaign Committee, which publicly
discloses such events on its website. The Democratic Congressional Campaign
Committee declined to release a list of Democratic fundraisers.

Many of those breakfasts, lunches and receptions will be hosted and attended by
lobbyists directing contributions of $1,000 or more from political action
committees, according to the Republican invitations. For example, the campaign
of Rep. Randy Kuhl, R-N.Y., a transportation committee member, is asking $500
from individuals and $1,000 from PACs for lunch at the American Trucking
Association headquarters.

Typically at such events, lobbyists get invaluable face time with the lawmakers.

That won't change under the House bill. Nor would the bill prohibit lobbyists
from raising money for lawmakers, becoming treasurers of their campaigns, or
acting as campaign consultants -- all common practice.

Proponents say the bill would improve disclosure of lobbying activities,
including requiring quarterly reports of lobbying spending instead of
twice-yearly reports. Other provisions would prohibit a lawmaker's
lobbyist-spouse from contacting that member's staff, and would require a
lawmaker intending to retire to disclose job negotiations with a special
interest and recuse him or herself from relevant legislation.

"Disclosure is important," said Laura MacCleery of Public Citizen's
Congresswatch, a non-partisan watchdog group. "But the fundamental problem won't
be solved until we have a robust system of voluntary public funding of political
campaigns."

While Pelosi personally has expressed support for public financing, she and her
fellow Democratic leaders have not sought to change the campaign-finance system,
even as they have promised to "drain the swamp" of Washington corruption.

A look at the lobbying bill's journey to the House floor may explain why: Far
less ambitious changes have met with resistance.

As it moved through the Judiciary Committee, the lobbying bill was stripped of
several provisions designed to shed light on the influence of lobbyists. While
Democratic leaders and incoming freshmen supported the original bill, it ran
into opposition from veteran lawmakers, Public Citizen's MacCleery said.

"It's like they're in a bubble; they are not getting it," said Mary Boyle, a
spokeswoman for Common Cause, another non-partisan watchdog group. "They are so
tone deaf to what the public expects and demands."

The most far-reaching measure under consideration today calls for disclosure --
not prohibition -- of the practice of "bundling," when lobbyists gather up
checks from donors and deliver them to lawmakers.

Bundling has long been a fact of life in Washington, but Americans have no way
of knowing which lobbyists are raising large sums for their representatives. In
a document that surfaced last year in a Federal Election Commission enforcement
action against mortgage giant Freddie Mac, the organization's lobbyist boasted
that he "held over 75 events for members of House Financial Services Committee"
that he said raised nearly $3 million from 2000 to 2003.

The bundling-disclosure element was so controversial that it was made a separate
bill, and its chances of passage are uncertain.

"People who have come off of key battleground races clearly campaigned on a
pledge to change the way business is done in Washington and work to break the
grip of special interests on the process," said Rep. Chris Van Hollen, D-Md.,
who sponsored the bundling measure. "I hope that as time goes on we will address
further aspects of the campaign-finance system. But this is an important step to
providing greater transparency."

Two other key proposals in the original bill were removed altogether. One would
have prevented retired members of Congress and their top aides from becoming
lobbyists for two years, up from the current one-year ban.

At a May 17 committee hearing, Michigan Rep. John Conyers, chairman of the House
Judiciary Committee, said he agreed not to extend the ban because "numerous
members on both sides of the aisle ... have expressed concerns" about attracting
"top-flight staff."

A 2005 study by Public Citizen found that 86 of the 198 members of Congress who
left office from 1998 through 2004 became lobbyists. That included former
congressman Billy Tauzin of Louisiana, who, one year after helping write the
Medicare prescription-drug benefit, was paid $1.1 million in 2005 by
Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, the prescription-drug
lobby, according to the group's public tax return.

Another provision that did not make the bill would have placed disclosure
requirements on lobbyists who organize letter-writing or telephone campaigns to
contact members of Congress about an issue.

The bill also fails to close a loophole that exempts governments and
universities from a House rule adopted earlier this year that bans lawmakers
from accepting gifts from lobbyists. That means advocates for universities,
which are some of the biggest recipients of congressional earmarks, will still
be able to give lawmakers free tickets to high-profile sporting events, for
example.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Jack Haley, (Canandaigua, NY) Daily Messenger, via AP
PHOTO, B/W, Chris Gardner, AP
PHOTO, B/W, Molly Riley, Reuters
PHOTO, B/W, Kenneth Lambert, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              892 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 16, 2004 Tuesday

I KEPT CLEAN IN SIN CITY: SILVER

BYLINE: KENNETH LOVETT and FREDRIC U. DICKER Post Correspondents

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 302 words


ALBANY - Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver yesterday strongly denied he did
anything wrong by accepting a Las Vegas suite for $109 a night, even though
documents show the fancy room typically goes for $1,500.

Silver said he didn't feel like he was accepting a gift despite the fact that
Caesars, which owns the Paris Las Vegas, where he stayed, has spent hundreds of
thousands of dollars lobbying state lawmakers on gambling-related issues.

Caesars Entertainment is looking to get involved in casino gambling in New York
in partnership with a state Indian tribe.

The powerful state Democrat was not able to explain how he wound up with a suite
that is not listed on the hotel's Web site and cannot be booked through the
hotel's booking office. According to a document obtained by The Post, the
1,140-square-foot Lyons suite has a parlor with a dining room, a wet bar, a
powder room and a master bedroom. The Post reported yesterday that the state
Lobbying Commission, during a routine audit of Caesars' lobbying activity in New
York, found that Silver and his wife stayed in the suite during a two-day stay
in January 2002.

State law prohibits companies from giving lawmakers gifts worth over $75 and
bars public officials from receiving such gifts if they are intended to
influence their official conduct.

Caesars spokesman Robert Stewart said yesterday that Silver was given the same
rate any government official would have received for a room.

Silver said he has not heard from the Lobbying Commission, and a spokeswoman
said he would not refer the matter to the legislative ethics commission.

"I was troubled to learn from the press that this is a great big story," Silver
said. "I have spent 27 years here in the Assembly . . . and all I can tell you
is I have tried to conduct myself in appropriate fashion."

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SHELDON SILVER Says suite deal not a gift.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              893 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             August 19, 2012 Sunday

Big lobbying push planned for transportation cash

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; News; State

LENGTH: 604 words


Provo » Utah business leaders, with assists from transportation agencies, are
planning a big lobbying effort to persuade lawmakers and the public to fund an
expected $27 billion shortfall over the next 30 years for mass transit and
highway needs.

They envision the effort as similar to pushes a few years ago that led to sales
tax hikes and borrowing that allowed finishing by 2013 projects that once were
not expected until 2030 -- such as expanded TRAX and FrontRunner lines, and
rebuilding Interstate 15 in Utah County.

Robin Riggs, former executive vice president of the Salt Lake Chamber, heads the
new business-funded "Utah Mobility Coalition," which is planning the lobbying
effort. He outlined its goals Friday to the Utah Transit Authority board during
a planning retreat in Provo.

Riggs noted that UTA, the Utah Department of Transportation and planning
agencies statewide recently completed a unified transportation plan for projects
through 2040 -- outlining the future freeways, highways, TRAX expansions and bus
rapid transit needed to handle an expected 1.4 million more Wasatch Front
residents by that year.

"There is a $27 billion shortfall between what they think will come in
additional revenue and what the needs are," he told the UTA board. "I'm not here
to tell you we are going to get $27 billion out of the Legislature. But we've
got to make a start on it."

He said his coalition is led by businesses and chambers of commerce that see
investment in transportation as critical to growth and prosperity. He said it is
funding studies to help it make its case by looking at the economic impact of
investing in transportation and how it may be funded.

A handout that Riggs gave to the UTA board said the coalition plans to make "the
case that economic prosperity comes from robust, stable and long-term investment
in mobility infrastructure," and then to "lobby the hell out of it!"

To demonstrate economic growth from such investments, the UTA board heard
Jonathan Francom, an executive with Adobe Systems, tell how his company chose
Lehi as the site for a new office campus because it is close to a new
FrontRunner station and adjacent to an improved I-15.

"Adobe wants to be a flagship of mass transit utilization," he told the board.
He added that long-range plans call for TRAX to come to the site, "and we would
like to do anything we could to accelerate that."

UTA General Manager Michael Allegra said officials could argue that sales taxes
supporting mass transit are lower along the Wasatch Front than in similar cities
nationwide.

It is currently 0.6875 cent per $1 in sales in Salt Lake County; 0.55 cent in
Davis, Weber and Box Elder counties; and 0.526 cent in Utah County. In
comparison, Allegra said it is 2 cents per $1 in Los Angeles; 1.25 cents in
Boston; and 1 cent in such cities as Atlanta, Dallas, Denver, Houston and New
Orleans.

Natalie Gochnour, executive vice president and chief economist for the Salt Lake
Chamber, told the board the economy gives mixed signals about how well it can
handle increases in fares or taxes for transit.

On the down side, she said, 81,300 Utahns are unemployed -- and that does not
count people so discouraged that they no longer are actively looking for jobs.
"So you have a lot of people hurting," she said. On the other hand, Utah has the
fourth-fastest-growing economy among the states and is in better shape
economically than most.

Greg Hughes, a legislator who is also chairman of the UTA board, said the state
cannot afford to allow gridlock in transportation. He said it could lead new
industries to go elsewhere and hurt quality of life.

ldavidson@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 1, 2003 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Smoking Foes Blame Lobbying For Delay in Fire-Safe Cigarettes

BYLINE:  By JAMES C. McKINLEY Jr.

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 408 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, June 30


Three years after the Legislature required that cigarettes sold in New York be
manufactured so they would cause fewer fires, the Pataki administration has yet
to issue regulations to put the law into effect, partly because of heavy
lobbying by the tobacco industry, opponents of smoking said today.

Last week, the administration published a notice that it would not meet the
law's July 1 deadline for putting the regulations in force, postponing the
action until at least Dec. 31 and perhaps longer.

The law, passed in June 2000, was the first in the nation to set fire-safety
standards for cigarettes, one of the leading causes of fatal fires. It requires
the New York Department of State to establish a standard for cigarettes that
substantially cuts the likelihood they will ignite bedding or upholstery. Once
the standard is in force, the industry will have six months to comply.

The administration first proposed a standard in late December, but the tobacco
industry asked for more time to submit comments, stretching the comment period
until late spring. The cigarette companies have questioned whether the testing
methods being considered are valid, and some have challenged the need for the
law.

Congress, meanwhile, is considering several bills that would set a nationwide
standard, something tobacco lobbyists say they prefer over a patchwork of state
laws.

"Why the delay?" asked Russell Sciandra, executive director of the Center for a
Tobacco-Free New York. He said cigarette makers were waiting for federal
legislation, "which they would write, which would be weak and would pre-empt New
York's law."

But Pataki administration officials said the delay owed less to lobbying by
tobacco companies than to the scientific problems of devising rules for
something no other government has tried to regulate before. Peter Constantakes,
a spokesman for the Department of State, said the administration expected to put
out the regulations in several weeks.

"We have to make sure the science is right," he said. "It's really
groundbreaking what we are doing here."

Brendan J. McCormick, a spokesman for Philip Morris U.S.A., acknowledged that
the industry would prefer a national standard, but he denied that the industry
was trying to delay putting the law into effect.

He said the proposed New York regulations were flawed and would result in
cigarettes that went out, causing consumers to seek cigarettes made for
consumption in other states.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              895 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            January 20, 2015 Tuesday

Utah Ex-Rep. Jim Matheson joins D.C. lobbying firm

BYLINE: By Thomas Burr The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: POLITICS; News; State

LENGTH: 286 words


Washington - Former Rep. Jim Matheson is joining a Washington lobbying firm,
though House rules forbid him from actually lobbying until January 2016.

Matheson, who didn't seek re-election, will work for Squire Patton Boggs, one of
Washington's largest lobbying shops, in the firm's public-policy practice. The
company says Matheson will be a principal for the practice, though Matheson
won't be able to lobby the House or the Senate during a one-year cooling off
period required by law.

"During his time on the Hill, Jim was known as a legislator who was able to work
with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to get things done," former Sen. John
Breaux, co-chairman of Squire Patton Boggs' Public Policy practice, said in a
news release. "Jim is an extremely well-respected individual who has a
reputation for working hard and getting results for those he represents. We're
very pleased he'll be joining us."

Matheson, a Utah Democrat, served in the House from 2001 until last year, and
had hinted that he wanted to remain involved in the public-policy arena in some
form. He has also said he would be interested in running for Utah governor or
against Sen. Mike Lee in 2016.

Patton Boggs, started by Thomas Hale Boggs Jr., and currently managed by Breaux
and former Sen. Trent Lott, merged with Squire Sanders last year and its roster
of lobbyists includes many former members of Congress and top aides.

"The high level of talent at Squire Patton Boggs gives the firm the capability
to successfully address the most complex public-policy issues," Matheson said in
a statement. "I am excited to join this remarkable team of professionals."

Matheson had worked as an energy lobbyist earlier in his career.

tburr@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              896 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                             March 26, 2001 Monday

Measure would force public school districts to disclose lobbying bill

BYLINE: Pat Mack

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 645 words


A Democratic and Republican state representative introduced a bill Thursday that
would require school districts to disclose how much money they spend on lobbying
.

"The schools certainly are permitted to lobby, but I think the amount that is
spent, in both contracts and professional lobbyists and by school district
staff, is important," Rep. Marty Seifert, R-Marshall, said.

Rep. Gene Pelowski, DFL-Winona, is the other co-author. He said schools that are
struggling to do all the things they want to do should not spend money to hire
lobbyists to try to get more money from legislators. "I've always had a problem
with that," he said, adding, "The trouble is this is growing. It's becoming the
'in' thing."

Eight school districts hired at least one lobbyist, according to information the
representatives compiled from the Minnesota Campaign Finance and Public
Disclosure Board. Winona has no lobbying position. The only district in
southeast Minnesota that does have its own lobbyist is Rochester.

Most districts belong to associations that have lobbying as their main purpose,
including the Minnesota School Boards Association, Minnesota Rural Education
Association and Minnesota Association of School Administrators. The group with
the largest number of lobbyists is Education Minnesota, with 66. The second is
the school boards association with eight.

The bill also requires schools to set policy on what students, teachers and
administrators can do with district resources to support or oppose legislation.
A handful of districts give extra credit to students who write letters to
lawmakers asking that they give schools more money.

"I think it is fair for parents and community residents to know how much
classroom time, or, in fact, time out of the classrooms, their students are
spending to lobby," Seifert said. He said as a government teacher he wants
students to be involved, but they should not be forced to write letters to
legislators.

The bill does not stop districts from hiring lobbyists, but Pelowski said
districts do not need them. He said it's far more effective for administrators,
teachers and students to come and tell legislators about a concern. "That's
always the most compelling testimony," he said.

He also said legislators can draft bills for districts and work to get their
bills heard and passed.

Charlie Kyte, executive director of the Minnesota Association of School
Administrators, said almost all school districts spend a few thousand dollars a
year belonging to professional organizations like the one he leads. "I think it
would be naive for any school to think it should not invest something to have
representation," Kyte said.

The association hires its own lobbyists to track legislation, propose bills,
attract media attention for its proposals, educate the public about a problem,
and work to convince lawmakers of their position.

He said he has not seen the proposed disclosure requirements and could not
comment if the association would support or oppose the bill. But he said all
lobbyists already must register with the public disclosure board.

He also said he can understand why large districts, like Anoka-Hennepin, Duluth
and Rochester, not only belong to associations but hire their own lobbyists.

"All of those districts spend some money to help guide legislation to make sure
they get their fair share of state school money," Kyte said.

He said if $30,000 spent on a professional lobbyist brings the district an extra
$500,000 that would be a significant development for a district like Rochester
that is facing a $9 million deficit. "Then it's a good investment," he said.
"But if you spend that money and it has no impact, then it's a lousy investment.
It's a Catch-22."

The bill will first be heard in the K-12 education committee. It has not yet
been introduced in the Senate.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              897 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Picayune Item (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 14, 2012 Tuesday

Supervisors, Picayune council plan Washington, D.C., lobbying trip

BYLINE: David A. Farrell, Picayune Item, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 756 words


Feb. 14--PICAYUNE -- Pearl River County supervisors and Picayune City Council
members plan a three-day trip to Washington, D.C., beginning Wednesday, Feb. 29,
for the purpose of lobbying the Mississippi congressional delegation and federal
officials. City and county officials interviewed by the Picayune Item maintained
the trip by the 12 officials is worth it, in spite of tight budgets, and pointed
to direct results that previous trips produced in defending the trip.

County Administrator Adrain Lumpkin, Jr., said that similar trips in previous
years cost the county between $20,000 and $25,000 to send himself and five
supervisors to Washington, and includes lobbying fees paid to the Butler Snow
law firm in Jackson, and he pointed to $2 million those trips generated for the
Anchor Lake-to-West Union Road connector project. That project envisions a new
connector road planned on the east side of Interstate 59, which will open up
16th section school lands, on which Pearl River County Central school board
officials say they plan, eventually, to construct a new school. Those federal
dollars were "earmark" funds obtained through the efforts of the state's
congressional delegation at the urging of local officials. "It's unfortunate,
but that's the way it is done," said Lumpkin. "The main sources of money right
now flow out of Washington, and if you don't get your share, somebody else will
be there to get it. We see other Mississippi local officials up there, too,
doing the same thing we are doing, when we go. Getting those funds helps keep
millage rates lower on the local level." Picayune Mayor Ed Pinero, Jr., defended
the trips. "We can point to direct federal funds we have gotten that have been
generated by these trips: The Ridge Road project, the widening and drainage
projects on Memorial Boulevard, the road for the new hospital, all have been
funds coming from a direct result of these trips," said Pinero. "We have gotten
major funding. We have been told by our senators and congressman that it looks
much better, and our efforts are much more likely to pay off, if we come as a
group," added Pinero. "I would estimate that funding in the
several-million-dollar range has been generated by these trips," said Pinero. He
said he had previously worked for the University of Southern Mississippi and
university funding from federal grants doubled over a period of time when
similar trips were made. "Some might not agree with it, going after this
funding, but that is the way the system works," said Pinero. Lumpkin said the
board of supervisors plans to approve the trip at the Feb. 22 board of
supervisors meeting in Poplarville. Poplarville board of aldermen members went
to Washington on previous years' trips, but this time board members chose not to
attend. At the Feb. 7 Poplarville city board meeting, the trip was No. 8 on the
agenda, listed as "Delegate Trip to Washington." Mayor Billy Spiers asked the
board if anyone planned to go this year. He said the estimated cost per alderman
was $1,700. There was no response to his question. Spiers then moved on to No. 9
on the agenda. After the meeting, Alderman Bill Winborn told the Item he went on
the last trip and thought, if anyone from that city's board went this time, it
should be someone else. "That's why I am not going this year," he said. However,
Winborn also said that he believed the trips, although expensive, were worth it.
Lumpkin said that the trip called for leaving on Feb. 29, seeing Washington
officials Thursday and Friday morning, and flying back Friday afternoon. He said
the delegation plans to see the state's two senators, Thad Cochran and Roger
Wicker, and Rep. Steven Palazzo. He said Supervisor Sandy Kane Smith plans to
meet with U.S. Department of Energy officials concerning a proposed methane
plant that would generate electricity from the Central Landfill at Millard. The
Jackson law firm of Butler-Snow is handling the logistics of the trip, said
Lumpkin. All five Picayune council members, the city manager and mayor, and four
of five supervisors -- J. Patrick Lee, Joyce Culpepper, Smith, Dennis Dedeaux --
plus Lumpkin, for a total of 12 public officials are expected to make the trip.
Supervisor Anthony Hales will not be going this year.

Copyright 2012 The Picayune Item. All rights reserved. This material may not be
published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.

___ (c)2012 the Picayune Item (Picayune, Miss.) Visit the Picayune Item
(Picayune, Miss.) at picayuneitem.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120214-YP-Supervisors-Picayune-council-plan-Washington-D-C-lobbying
-trip-0214-20120214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YP


                          Copyright 2012 Picayune Item


                              898 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            January 15, 2006 Sunday

News in Brief

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 658 words

In the Nation

Santorum, McCain team up on lobbying-ethics proposal

Sen. Rick Santorum (R., Pa.) has begun working with Sen. John McCain (R., Ariz.)
on proposals to overhaul lobbying-ethics rules that they expect to complete
within two weeks, Santorum spokesman Robert L. Traynham said yesterday. Traynham
could not provide specifics, though he said they would propose "something that
is definitive, has real teeth to it, something that will hold lobbyists and
lawmakers accountable." Santorum and McCain are among lawmakers working on
proposals to change the way lobbyists do business with Congress in the wake of
lobbyist Jack Abramoff's guilty plea Jan. 3 on corruption charges. - Carrie
Budoff

Volcano continues to erupt on deserted Alaska island

Snowflakes laced with fine, gray ash fell on communities south of Anchorage,
Alaska, as a series of volcanic eruptions continued yesterday on an uninhabited
island dozens of miles away. Plumes of ash from the volcano drifted across Cook
Inlet and into Homer, 75 miles to the northeast, halting air travel and closing
schools in some Kenai Peninsula communities Friday. The 4,134-foot Augustine
Volcano began erupting Wednesday after a 20-year lull.- AP

Grass fires destroy dozens of Okla. homes, businesses  Firefighters yesterday
cleaned up the remnants of grass fires in southern Oklahoma that scorched up to
20,000 acres and destroyed more than two dozen homes and businesses Thursday and
Friday. The worst fire had raged in southern Oklahoma near the towns of Ratliff
City and Fox. At one time, the blaze in Carter County was four miles wide and
burned at least 20 homes.- AP

Court OKs request to file new evidence in murders

A federal appeals court gave new life Friday to the defense of a former Green
Beret doctor convicted of the 1970 murders of his wife and daughters, ruling
that his lawyers can introduce evidence that a prosecutor threatened a witness.
A panel of the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit in Richmond, Va., granted
a motion by Jeffrey MacDonald's lawyers to present the new evidence in Raleigh,
N.C., federal court. It could result in a new trial, said Hart Miles, one of
MacDonald's attorneys.- AP

In the World

Test shows activity in both of Sharon's brain lobes

A test has shown activity in both lobes of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's
brain, but he remains comatose and in critical but stable condition, Hadassah
Hospital said yesterday. Experts said activity in both lobes did not indicate
anything about the extent of the brain damage Sharon may have suffered as a
result of his devastating stroke on Jan. 4.- AP

Turkey forms committee

on saving poultry industry

Turkey set up a committee yesterday to make urgent recommendations on saving the
country's troubled poultry industry after a bird flu outbreak spread to humans,
killing three siblings and infecting at least 15 others. Poultry sales in Turkey
have dropped by 70 percent since bird flu was reported in humans earlier this
month, according to Kemal Akman, head of the union of poultry producers. The
industry is set to suffer losses amounting to $30 million per month, Akman said.
- AP

Five killed in explosion

at Romanian coal mine

An explosion hit a coal mine in southwestern Romania yesterday, killing at least
five miners and injuring five others, authorities said. Two miners were missing.
The explosion occurred at the state-owned mine in Anina when methane gas leaked
into the mine shaft, local police said.- AP

Court hears tape of Muslim calling for murder of Jews

A Muslim cleric accused in Britain of incitement to murder praised Adolf Hitler
and called for Jews to be destroyed in a videotaped sermon shown at his trial
Friday. Egyptian-born Abu Hamza al-Masri faces life in prison if convicted of
inciting murder and stirring racial hatred in speeches recorded at the Finsbury
Park mosque on nine video and audio tapes made for supporters. Masri, 47, has
pleaded not guilty to the charges. - AP

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 8, 2009 Sunday

Data on lobbying still hard to access Process's transparency was supposed to be
improved in 2006

BYLINE: Robert Swift, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 447 words


Mar. 8--HARRISBURG -- When Gov. Ed Rendell signed the state lobbying disclosure
law in late 2006, he said it would give citizens access to information about
what lobbyists spend to influence lawmakers and government officials.

More than two years later, it's debatable how much access the public really has
to the information.

Hundreds of lobbyists are dutifully registering and reporting. But even
individuals who wrote the disclosure law's provisions consider the existing
lobbyist reporting Web site maintained by the Department of State at
www.dos.state.pa.us tough to navigate.

Searches to find a lobbyist's activities can be difficult. A photo directory of
lobbyists lacks information about whom they represent. The Web site hasn't been
updated to reflect many of the 2009 registrations due two months ago.

Drew Crompton, counsel to Lt. Gov. Joseph Scarnati, said he's been frustrated in
his efforts to get the department to improve the Web site.

"I've not heard a positive comment either from members or staffers yet about it
(the Web site)," said Stephen Miskin, spokesman for House Minority Leader Sam
Smith, R-66, Jefferson County.

The situation is about to change for the better, department officials say.

Since an independent state commission has just approved regulations to fully
implement the disclosure law, improvements to the Web site can now be made, said
state department spokeswoman Leslie Amoros. The key action by the Independent
Regulatory Review Commission came just two weeks ago.

The existing Web site was set up quickly within two months of the law's signing
to meet a mandate, she added.

Ms. Amoros said officials are considering about 30 steps to improve the Web
site's search and sorting functions. These include enhancements to help users
sort through the photograph directory and attachments for expense filings.

The disclosure law establishes a threshold where lobbyists must register with
the Department of State if they are paid more than $2,500 in any quarter of the
year. Corporations and trade associations that spend more than $2,500 in any
quarter on lobbying must register, too. Lobbyists must categorize how the money
is spent and identify general issues on which they are lobbying.

Contact the writer: rswift@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090308-YT-Data-on-lobbying
-still-hard-to-access-Process-s-transparency-was-supposed-to-be-improved-in-2006
-0308

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                                 Copyright 2009


                              900 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                            August 9, 2006 Wednesday

Tribes hit back; lobbyists sued for damages

BYLINE: Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1262 words


Aug. 9--Perhaps Congress won't tackle the corruption of pay-as-you-go lobbying
on the American political system, but at least a couple of Indian tribes are
fighting back, playing hardball against lobbyists and lobbying firms that have
previously targeted their interests with intent to damage.

Both the Alabama-Coushatta of Texas and the Schaghticoke Nation of Connecticut
have recently sued their tormentors among the lobbying set in Washington, D.C.

The Alabama-Coushatta case retells the saga of Jack Abramoff and his associates'
sleight-of-hand bamboozling of Texas' oldest recognized Indian tribe. The tribe
blames Abramoff and associates -- including the recently defeated GOP primary
candidate for lieutenant governor in Georgia and former executive director of
the Christian Coalition, Ralph Reed -- for the loss of millions in revenue,
because of their campaign to de-legitimize the tribal economic base in Texas.

The suit accuses Abramoff, Reed and three other men of mounting a "fake
religiously themed moral crusade in 2001" that opposed a tribal sponsored bill
in the Texas Legislature to certify the legality of Indian gaming in the state.
The suit names two former congressional aides, Michael Scanlon, (House Majority
Leader Tom DeLay of Texas) and Neil Volz (Rep. Bob Ney of Ohio), who have also
pleaded guilty to corruption charges.

The Alabama-Coushatta apparently worked to oppose the gaming interests of the
Louisiana Jena Band. But Jena Band was also contracting within the same lobbyist
circle to undermine the Alabama-Coushatta. Among Abramoff and friends' most
egregious deeds was the double-crossing of their Indian clients as the tribes
freely deployed and were manipulated into attacking each other's political and
economic strategies. Reed's willingness to play the cynical role of turning out
his network of evangelical pastors against gaming, while he himself was being
hired with gaming revenues, cracked his base of support in Georgia.

The Alabama-Coushatta has seen its economic potential severely disrupted. We
welcome the potentials of their lawsuit and hope they exercise discovery options
in this case to the fullest. The buying of political influence is at an all-time
high in Washington. Corruption is over and under the radar. The tribes have an
excellent case for their economic and cultural survival. With a little unity of
mind and spirit, the fight for tribal jurisdictions and sovereignty can prevail.

Across the country in Connecticut, the Schaghticoke Nation is suing one of the
most powerful law firms in Washington, Barbour Griffith & Rogers, accusing it of
destroying the tribe's economic base with its lobbying campaign to reverse their
already won federal recognition status.

According to Fortune magazine, the BGR lobbying firm is the most influential in
D.C. It was contracted by an interest group in Connecticut to reverse the tribal
recognition decision. The Schaghticokes accuse it of "harmful interference."
They contend that the firm was contracted by affluent residents of the
neighboring town of Kent, on the border of the tribe's 270-year-old reservation.
The suit also names the local group Town Action to Save Kent, and its leader,
Kenneth Cooper, according to reports by Indian Country Today associate editor
Jim Adams.

The lawsuit points out the firm's boasting of "the ability to influence the
political channels to destroy the recognition." Secret meetings by lobbyists
with Interior officials and particularly a March 17, 2004, consultation between
Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal and then-Interior Secretary Gale
Norton, were singled out by the suit. Although faint, the skink of Abramoff is
whiffed on the margins of Norton's nonprofit work, which received Abramoff money
and BGR's legal work for the Jena Band in their contest with the
Alabama-Cashoutta.

We don't blame Schaghticoke Chief Richard Velky for suspecting out loud that
White House-level pressure on the Interior Board of Indian Appeals is behind the
overturning of the tribe's original recognition, the twist was so resounding.
The fish stinks to high heaven on that one. Heaven, these days, being stinky old
Capitol Hill, along with the White House.

These days, more than 100,000 lobbyists in Washington usher into being tens of
thousands of outright "earmarked" federal subsidies and favors amounting to
billions of dollars. "The fortunes of others be squashed for the benefit of my
client" seems the only philosophy. According to ICT's Washington reporter, Jerry
Reynolds, "Earmarks are behind the explosion of lobbying fees and activities
around Washington: $2.1 billion for direct lobbying in 2004, averaging out to
almost $5 million per year per member of Congress."

With such major corruption already in place in Washington -- and even now with
no effort to change -- how could Indian lobbying efforts succeed out of hand, or
avoid the rabid bite of lobbying pit bulls such as Abramoff?

There are plenty of shenanigans in both of these cases. The tribes are right in
pushing back against gun-for-hire lawyers and lobbying firms who attack tribal
futures for contractual gain. Godspeed to discovery and the cold light of the
courtroom.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2006, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060809-IC-LOBBYISTS-20060809

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2006 Indian Country Today


                              901 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 6, 2009 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

PUSH TO STRENGTHEN STATE LOBBYING LAWS

BYLINE: BY KENNETH LOVETT DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 273 words


ALBANY - The state Public Integrity Commission is considering ways to beef up
the state's notoriously weak lobbying laws.

The commission, which is the subject of much criticism, is considering seven
changes pushed by its staff designed to improve transparency and enforcement.

Under the proposals, lobbyists and their clients would be required to report all
campaign contributions every two months in their regular disclosure filings.

Firms seeking state pension fund business would have to report their lobbying
activities - something that is exempt under current law.

The plan would also close a loophole in the law that does not consider it
lobbying to help kill or push bills that have not been officially drafted.

Existing law also lets lobbyists give gifts to public officials if there is
clear evidence it was not meant to influence the officials.

The commission staff would scrap that and require permission from the commission
before such a gift- like a ticket to a ballgame - is given.

On the punishment side, the commission staff wants civil penalties for firms
which receive fees and fines for lobbyists and clients who don't cooperate with
random audits.

A hearing is scheduled for Sept. 8 on the proposed changes, which would need
approval from the full commission.

Blair Horner of the New York Public Interest Research Group said the proposed
changes "would help clear the lobbying fog."

"The public would know a lot more about what the special interests groups are up
to in Albany," Horner said.

It's unclear if the Legislature will consider the proposals. Some lawmakers want
to overhaul or abolish the commission.

klovett@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Daily News, L.P.


                              902 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 25, 2014 Monday
                                 Every Edition

McDermott starts to see payoff from lobbying subsidiary

BYLINE: Catherine Ho

SECTION: Pg. A10

LENGTH: 521 words


Four months after starting a health-care lobbying and consulting subsidiary, law
firm McDermott Will & Emery is starting to see the benefits of rebranding some
of its services under a new name.

Earlier this year, McDermott, which has about 450 attorneys and staff in
Washington, created a subsidiary called McDermott+Consulting, focused on
health-care lobbying, data analytics and policy analysis.

The formation of the seven-person operation, led by health-care lobbyist Eric
Zimmerman, marked a notable change in the firm's business model because the
consultants in the subsidiary no longer had to track their work in hourly
intervals, as is customary in most law firms.

Since the change, the subsidiary - which is essentially a boutique health lobby
and consulting shop within the law firm - has been able to capture new kinds of
work that previously might have been a harder sell to clients.

The consultants are continuing to work for some of the same clients they brought
over from the law firm, but are offering services that those clients may have
previously sought elsewhere, Zimmerman said.

In April, when the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services released data on
how Medicare payments were dispersed to physicians, the consulting group offered
clients a comprehensive breakdown of the data, producing both a generic analysis
and custom research reports tailored to specific clients' needs. Pharmaceutical
companies, for example, wanted to track how their products and how their
competitors' products are being used by physicians, Zimmerman said.

"Our clients would've been dubious of a law firm being able to do deep data
analysis," he said. "It's not the kind of thing you typically go to a law firm
to provide. Sometimes you can more effectively market those services simply by
branding yourself differently."

The subsidiary model is also helping with the recruitment of non-attorney
professionals. Law firms are set up to train and advance lawyers, not lobbyists
or consultants who do not practice law, so having a consulting shop that
operates somewhat separately from the  parent firm offers more flexibility and
advancement for non-attorneys. The shop is slated to add two senior-level
consultants by the end of the year.

Boston law firm opens D.C. office with former Wiley Rein attorney

Brendon Pinkard, a telecommunications lawyer and former partner at D.C. law firm
Wiley Rein, has joined Boston-based law firm Kerbey Harrington Pinkard, and will
lead the expansion of the firm's presence in Washington.

Pinkard is Kerbey Harrington's first Washington-based attorney, and is an
adviser to the firm's government affairs consulting affiliate, Government
Insight Group.

Pinkard specializes in negotiating cable television franchise agreements.

"Brendon Pinkard's reputation as one of the nation's leading telecommunications
attorneys and impressive track record of leading successful licensing efforts in
some of the United States' largest cities ... will provide our clients with the
highest level of strategic expertise," John Harrington, the firm's managing
partner, said in a statement.

catherine.ho@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            August 28, 2012 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

NFTA taps Masiello lobbying firm despite potential conflict

BYLINE: By Jill Terreri - News Staff Reporter

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 562 words


The Niagara Frontier Transportation Authority's board of commissioners on Monday
hired a lobbying firm headed by Anthony M. Masiello, and noted that the contract
could be terminated.

Masiello is said to be exploring a bid for chairman of the Erie County
Democratic Committee, a position that would restrict his lobbying activities.

But the NFTA board approved the staff's recommendation to hire Masiello,
Martucci, Calabrese and Associates to lobby state government, and members said
they wouldn't make a decision based on what might happen.

"We went through a totally proper process," said board Chairman Howard Zemsky,
noting that Masiello's firm also was the least expensive. "We aren't going to
make any decisions based on speculation of what may or may never, ever happen.
If and when it does happen, we can consider what the implications are but for
now we're moving forward and not basing it on speculation."

Commissioner Henry M. Sloma had expressed concerns about the appointment last
week in light of Masiello's reported political aspirations, but said Monday that
at this point there is no issue and he thinks the firm will do a good job.

Masiello, a former three-term Buffalo mayor, did not return a call seeking
comment. News of his interest in the chairmanship has spread, although he has
not publically discussed it.

The firm released the following statement Monday night: "We are thrilled that
the NFTA has shown confidence in our firm's ability to effectively represent
them, and we look forward to that opportunity. The NFTA plays a critical role in
the local economy and in the region's economic development activities. As a
Buffalo-based firm, we will use our firsthand knowledge of the NFTA to be their
advocate, taking their message to Albany to ensure they have the necessary
resources to help our region grow and prosper."

The three-year contract pays $72,000 annually and contains two possible one-year
extensions. It can be terminated by the authority with 30 days' notice. The firm
will be expected to help the authority obtain more state funding for transit
operations.

Bidders were rated on qualifications and experience, project approach,
stewardship and competing priorities, as well as price, and a scoring sheet was
included in the board packet. Three other bids the board received ranged from
$84,000 to $120,000 annually.

Also Monday, the board discussed the sale of its considerable waterfront
property to another government entity.

A letter will be sent this week to the City of Buffalo, Erie Canal Harbor
Development Corp., and the State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic
Preservation to gauge their interest in purchasing about 400 acres.

The NFTA's property includes the Seaway Pier and outer harbor vacant land, the
Port Terminal complex, the NFTA Boat Harbor and Gallagher Beach. The authority
is asking the entities to express interest by Sept. 28, and will seek a more
complete proposal on the use of the land at a later date.

In evaluating proposals, the NFTA will consider the proposed use of the
property, how such use would preserve public access to the waterfront, and the
proposed price.

In other business, the board agreed to allow Dug's Dive on the Boat Harbor to
operate during the winter. Some on the board wanted to table the measure for a
month, but a majority of the board voted to approve it.

email: jterreri@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                                 March 19, 2007

Fried Frank Wins Brooklyn 'Shell Game'

BYLINE: Observer Staff

LENGTH: 238 words


When the city's Economic Development Corporation earlier this month explained
how it planned to spend the $205 million in taxpayer money that it had earmarked
for Atlantic Yards, one purpose it did not mention was lobbying expenses. But
opponents are now making hay of a report that shows that Forest City Ratner
spent $2.11 million for lobbying in 2006, the third highest amount of any
company in the state.

Develop Don't Destroy Brooklyn calls this a "shell game," considering how the
money that Forest City is saving on EDC-approved uses like land acquisition can
be spent lobbying state and city officials (and because a lot of the city money
is going to the state because the railyards will cost $100 million).

The Real Estate thinks the big winner in all of this is lobbying firm Fried,
Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson, which received $656,520 for its efforts.
Among other targets listed in its lobbying report are "acquisition of Altantic
Avenue railyards from MTA" and "acquisition of city-owned property at Atlantic
Yards."

Apparently, Mr. Fried and Mr. Frank persuaded Forest City that it needed their
help persuading the state and the city to do things that they pledged when they
signed a memorandum of understanding (PDF) back in 2005, and for a sweet price.

In its registration letter filed with the state lobbying commission, Forest City
agreed to pay up to $995 an hour for Fried Frank's services.- Matthew Schuerman

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                               February 23, 2009

A change in administration, economic stimulus place a new emphasis on the
importance of lobbyists

BYLINE: Jaime Guillet

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 859  words


Louisiana businesses and governmental entities are scrutinizing spending as
discretionary income shrinks and the threat of job losses looms.

But one expense considered indispensable is those fees paid for lobbyists, which
they say provides a necessary link to the current grab bag of federal money.

Every day, there are renewed reports and anecdotes of businesses and municipal
governments examining their budgets and slashing spending. However, these groups
share a common sentiment: lobbyists may appear to be an easy area for the ax to
fall, but their necessity far outweighs the expense of their service.

The Jefferson Parish Council first retained lobbyists to pursue more funding
from Congress for the Southeast Louisiana (SELA) flood control project, a U.S.
Army Corps of Engineers undertaking authorized in 1996 to reduce rainfall
flooding in Orleans, Jefferson and St. Tammany parishes. Adams and Reese law
firm has been the council's primary mouthpiece in Washington, D.C. In 2008, the
parish spent $220,000 on lobbying.

"If you look at what we've spent (on lobbyists) and compare it to the hundreds
of millions of dollars we've received in (SELA) projects to make sure we take
care of drainage issues, it's a very small amount," Jefferson Parish Councilman
Chris Roberts said.

Roberts said lobbyists are even more necessary because the parish does not plan
to cut any drainage projects and more money is available at the federal level
because of the recently approved $787 billion economic stimulus package.

"There's no question Jefferson Parish's return would not be as successful
without spending those dollars. It has become a feature of how our government
works whether you like it or not," Roberts said.

Louisiana lobbyists say they are benefiting from the perfect storm that is a
changing of the guard in Congress, the stimulus measure, the flailing economy
and the continuing recovery of several parishes from hurricanes in the past
three years.

"You need them now more than ever," said Gary LaGrange, president and CEO of the
Port of New Orleans. The port spent $165,000 in D.C. lobbying fees in 2008.

"What lobbyists are paid is a drop in the bucket compared to what they actually
generate, save, manifest and take care of on a daily basis," LaGrange said.
"Forget stimulus, there's the issues of embargoes, free trade agreements, tax
cuts, tax credits. You don't have a representative in Washington or Baton Rouge,
you're flat out of business. It's the nature of the way it works, from a port
standpoint. "

This mantra is translating in job security with lobbyists who service Louisiana
clients. Jeff Brooks, a partner in charge of Adams and Reese's D.C. lobbying
arm, said the work will flow two fold: working with delegations and agencies at
the federal level to receive money for "shovel ready" projects and at the state
level for local parties.

"Our job is going to increase over the next several months," Brooks said. "A lot
of people look to Washington to either stop legislation or bring legislation.
And in every downturn there is great opportunity. Now there is the stimulus. "

Brooks said there is even more interest this time around because there is more
federal funding available and entities that have never dealt with a beast as
complex as Washington will find lobbying services worth the money.

His view is echoed by Jones Walker lobbyist Christian Johnsen, who said his firm
has received greater interest in its lobbying services in the past six to eight
months.

"When the economy is in distress and you have government bailouts of the banks
and auto industry and the federal government is being called upon to stimulate
the economy, there is a lot more focus on Washington and having people who
understand Washington," Johnsen said. "My sense is while the country at large is
having a difficult time, Washington is not going to feel it as disastrously. "

The picture isn't entirely rosy. There is fallout among some lobbying sectors,
Brooks said, specifically D.C. 's financial services arena in which many
lobbyists are out of work following the Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac insolvency.

And considering the nation's foremost economists question if the recession is
hurtling into a full-blown depression, the impact could have negative results
for smaller lobbying firms.

Harris DeVille and Associates, a public relations and lobbying firm in Baton
Rouge, has not seen a reduction of clients but company founder Jim Harris said
some of his clients - many from the health care, real estate, pharmaceutical and
petrochemical industries - are feeling the impact from the declining economy.

"I'm hearing that they're having problems but no one has cancelled contracts,
and I'm thankful for that and sorry for their suffering," Harris said.

He said part of the equation keeping Louisiana lobbyists insulated is the full
economic woes "haven't gotten down here yet. "

And as witnessed by the city of New Orleans' recent scramble to find enough
money to keep the French Quarter clean, it remains to be seen how deep the
economic hole could get for many private and governmental entities.

"The year's not over and I have deep concerns," Harris said.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 11, 2005 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Pataki Presents Bill to Tighten Lobbying and Ethics Laws

BYLINE: By MICHAEL COOPER

SECTION: Section B; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 912 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 10


Gov. George E. Pataki introduced legislation on Thursday that he said would
''strengthen public confidence in state government'' by banning gifts from
lobbyists, curtailing lobbying for state contracts and closing a loophole that
allows former state employees to avoid punishment for ethics violations by
leaving state service.

The legislation, which the governor called for in his annual address to the
Legislature in January, puts Mr. Pataki somewhat in line with proposals the
Legislature has made this year in at least two areas: sharply limiting lobbying
for contracts, and overhauling the state's lobbying laws to include a far
broader definition of lobbying.

Now the question will be whether Governor Pataki, the Democratic-led State
Assembly and the Republican-led Senate will be able to overcome their
differences and enact new laws, or whether the measures will die as each branch
clings to its own proposal, as has happened so often before in Albany.

''New Yorkers have made clear that they want a more open, accountable and
responsive government, and enacting these historic new measures will mark an
important step in those efforts,'' Mr. Pataki said in a written statement.

The proposals, which are being made midway through Mr. Pataki's third term in
office, come after a series of scandals that have eroded public confidence in
Albany.

Just last year Governor Pataki's former labor commissioner, James McGowan, was
convicted of funneling state grants to a friend in exchange for money. Former
State Senator Guy J. Velella, a Bronx Republican, pleaded guilty to a
bribery-related charge for steering clients to his father's law firm and helping
their efforts to get state contracts. And Assemblyman Roger L. Green, a Brooklyn
Democrat, pleaded guilty to charges that he accepted free trips between his home
and Albany from a contractor seeking state business, and then billed the state
for travel reimbursement.

The ethics loophole, which allows state employees to avoid penalties for ethics
violations by leaving state service, has caused the State Ethics Commission to
close 50 active investigations over the past decade. A recent investigation by
the attorney general's office and the state inspector general's office found
that the state Canal Corporation's deal to sell development rights along the
Erie Canal for $30,000 was plagued by favoritism and ethics violations, but that
the employees involved could not be pursued by the Ethics Commission because
they had left state government.

Civic groups are hopeful that those scandals, coupled with a growing public
outcry over government gridlock, will serve as a catalyst to get strong new
ethics laws passed this year. Blair Horner, the legislative director for the New
York Public Interest Research Group, called the governor's proposals ''an
impressive package'' that would significantly strengthen the state's ethics and
lobbying laws.

''The question is, will the governor fight for them,'' Mr. Horner said.

The governor introduced four bills yesterday, some of which resemble bills the
Legislature has passed or is considering, and some of which differ.

The governor's bill to close the ethics loophole is similar to one he introduced
in 1996, and one that the State Ethics Commission has proposed repeatedly since
then but that has yet to pass the Legislature. This time, though, the governor's
bill would not only empower the State Ethics Commission to seek sanctions
against former state employees, but would empower the Legislative Ethics
Commission to seek sanctions against former lawmakers and legislative staff
members as well, an idea that may face opposition in the Legislature.

Mr. Pataki's proposal to overhaul the state's lobbying law is similar to one
that was passed by the Assembly this week, and to another being weighed by the
Senate. It would require lobbyists seeking to influence contracts, executive
orders and tribal compacts to disclose their activities to the state lobbying
commission, just as lobbyists seeking to influence laws currently do. And it
would address concerns raised by two recent court decisions that have prevented
the lobbying commission from levying fines. But there are differences: the
governor's plan, unlike the Legislature's, would expand the lobbying commission
to include two additional members selected by the governor.

The governor's proposal to sharply curtail procurement lobbying is also similar
to one advanced by the state Democrats. It would provide that companies seeking
state business be allowed to contact only certain designated contract officers
at the state agencies giving out the contracts, and would disqualify companies
that violated the law. But some Democrats question whether its definition of
procurement is broad enough.

Finally, the governor is calling for an outright ban on gifts from lobbyists to
public officials. Lobbyists are currently allowed to give officials gifts worth
up to $75; the state lobbying commission has interpreted that provision to apply
to each gift, meaning that a lobbyist could theoretically give a lawmaker a
series of $74 gifts.

The governor's memorandum in support of the bill states that the current $75
limit is arbitrary and adds that ''it is imperative that all gifts to public
officials from lobbyists or other persons or entities that have business before
public officials be prohibited in order to ensure that decision-makers are not
unduly influenced by those gifts.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              907 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 24, 2012 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Google Spends $5.03 Million on Lobbying

BYLINE: By NICOLE PERLROTH

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; BITS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 621 words


With Congress and privacy watchdogs breathing down its neck, Google is stepping
up its lobbying presence inside the Beltway - spending more than Apple,
Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft combined in the first three months of the year.

Google spent $5.03 million on lobbying from January through March of this year,
a record for the Internet giant, and a 240 percent increase from the $1.48
million it spent on lobbyists in the same quarter a year ago, according to
disclosures filed Friday with the clerk of the House.

By comparison, Apple spent $500,000; Facebook spent $650,000 Amazon spent
$870,000; and Microsoft spent $1.79 million. Google even outspent Verizon
Wireless, a notoriously big spender, which spent $4.51 million.

The increase is a sign that the search engine can no longer afford to operate in
a Silicon Valley vacuum. For years, Google had a reputation for indifference
inside the Beltway. It took Google until May 2005 to set up a presence in
Washington and even then, its headquarters consisted of a one-man lobbying shop
in suburban Maryland.

By 2012, however, Google had become the subject of almost constant scrutiny from
regulators, competitors and privacy advocates. Most recently, federal regulators
hit Google with a $25,000 fine for impeding an investigation into its data
collection practices.

This year, the company was accused of bypassing Apple's privacy settings in
Safari in order to track users' Web browsing activity without their knowledge.
In the European Union, Google faces an antitrust investigation and accusations
that it violated personal privacy protections.

''As we have seen over the last year, there are a number of technology issues
being debated in Washington,'' said Samantha Smith, a Google spokeswoman, in an
e-mail message. ''These are important issues and it should be expected that we
would want to help people understand our business.''

Privacy advocates see it another way. ''Google claims its motto is 'Don't be
evil,' but the amount of cash they are throwing around demonstrates an
astounding cynicism,'' said John M. Simpson, Consumer Watchdog's privacy project
director.

Others, though, frame Google's lobbying efforts as an inevitable part of growing
up. ''When they first came to Washington, they were an itty-bitty search
engine,'' said Art Brodsky, who works for Public Knowledge, a digital rights
group. ''The more Google expands, the more it gets into other people's
business.''

''They've always had a huge target on their back with telecom issues,'' he
continued, ''but now they're on everyone's radar. The sad reality is that if you
don't defend yourself here, you're toast.''

The Internet giant is now filling its Washington ranks with experienced
political operatives. Last year, Google hired 12 outside lobbying firms,
including well-known firms like Akin Gump and the Gephardt Group, led by Richard
A. Gephardt, the Democrat from Missouri who is a former House majority leader.

Google also has 11 lobbyists on staff. It spent almost as much on lobbying last
quarter as it did for all of 2010, when it spent $5.2 million.

In February, Google hired Susan Molinari, a former Republican representative
from New York, to run its Washington operation. Ms. Molinari, who has been a
lobbyist since 1999, succeeded Alan Davidson, a former computer scientist who
had run Google's lobbying shop since 2005. Experts say Google's decision to hire
a Republican, in a Republican-controlled House, was calculated.

''Google has always been a quote 'Democratic company,' '' Mr. Brodsky said. ''By
hiring a Republican insider, Google is trying to be more bipartisan, to appeal
to both sides of the aisle.''

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              908 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Herald & Review (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 8, 2009 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: Lobbying push needed for high-speed rail

BYLINE: Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 504 words


Sep. 8--It's pretty obvious that if Decatur wants to be included along a
proposed high-speed rail line, the community is going to have to do some
lobbying.

The federal government is pouring money into the development of high-speed rail,
and the state of Illinois also has stepped forward and put more money into the
idea.

The high speed rail lines, which are used extensively in Europe and Asia, can
cut significantly into travel times. With trains that can reach or exceed 200
mph, the trip from Decatur to Chicago could be less than an hour. A trip from
Decatur to the Minneapolis area could be concluded in less than six hours.

If high-speed rail is developed, the Illinois route definitely will run between
St. Louis and Chicago. Currently, that route includes Decatur, but that could
change.

The current Amtrak route between St. Louis and Chicago runs through Springfield
and Bloomington, but bypasses Decatur and Champaign. There is an Amtrak route
from Carbondale to Chicago that serves Champaign, but Decatur has no Amtrak
service.

Richard Harnish, executive director of the Midwest High Speed Rail Association,
said not having current Amtrak service isn't essential to having high-speed rail
service, but it might help establish the market.

More importantly, he said, was that Decatur needs to lobby Sen. Dick Durbin,
D-Illinois, and others in Congress to convince them that the high-speed rail
system should be built and that Decatur should be on the route. "If you want
anything here, you need to be very loud right now," Harnish told a group
gathered at the monthly business breakfast, sponsored by the Greater Decatur
Chamber of Commerce.

Harnish said the lobbying effort needs to be on the scale of what it took
Mattoon to land a proposed FutureGen clean coal site. Harnish said that if
Chicago gets the bid for the 2016 Summer Olympics, that also would be a boost to
the project.

State Rep. Bob Flider, D-Mount Zion, said the community also should be ready to
lobby state government. The current proposed line runs through Decatur, but that
could change. "It's going to be up to this community to keep that," he said. "If
we're going to stay on the map, we're going to have to come together."

The wisdom of high-speed rail in making travel more efficient and reducing
dependency on foreign fuel sources is apparent. The United States is well behind
many other nations in the development of this kind of efficient travel.

It's clear Decatur has a chance to be included in this project, but it's also
clear that the lobbying effort will have to be well-orchestrated and the
competition will be fierce.

To see more of Herald & Review, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.herald-review.com Copyright (c) 2009, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090908-HV-EDITORIAL-Lobbying-push-needed-for-high-speed-rail-0908

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HV


                         Copyright 2009 Herald & Review


                              909 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          February 25, 1993, Thursday

Peach Buzz Talk of the town Lobbying for a Canyon for Georgia

BYLINE: By Maureen Downy with Bette Harrisonpersonalities; entertainment;
reviews; television

SECTION: LIVING; Section D; Page 2

LENGTH: 772 words


CALLAWAY CANNON? Thirteen well-known Atlantans had Georgia on their minds
Tuesday night. The occasion was a private dinner for Mel Zuckerman, owner of the
posh Canyon Ranch Health Resorts in Tucson, Ariz., and Lenox, Mass. The dinner
was given by public relations executive Anita Mobley. (Read: a Georgia "sales
job.") Over a gourmet low-cal dinner of spinach cannelloni, Secretary of State
Max Cleland, Holiday Inns International president Mike Levin, fitness guru Gayle
Barron, former Georgia State business school dean Mike Mescon and nine others
did their best to convince Zuckerman to locate a health resort near Callaway
Gardens. Did the dinner do the trick? Zuckerman left Wednesday for Asheville,
N.C., another possible location, without committing. Though he did say,
"Everyone here tonight would make a great politician."

SILVER SCREEN SHOPPER: It's the proverbial tough job, but someone's got to do
it: Not only does Peachtree Hills resident Alba Leone get to rub elbows with
movie stars, she also gets to spend big bucks buying paintings, furniture and
other objects for movies such as "Sommersby." When she wasn't out spending her $
600,000 shopping budget for the movie, Leone studied its stars. She reports that
Richard Gere is a team player. During filming in Virginia, a flood forced the
crew to move furniture and livestock to higher ground. Gere, notes Leone, "got
on his horse and helped out."

COBB'S BILL AND HILLARY: Cobb County Commission Chairman Bill Byrne and wife
Babe Atkins Byrne have been movers and shakers in Cobb's in- crowd for years. So
when Penny Warren, president-elect of the Marietta Civitan Club, introduced him
at the club's Tuesday meeting, she thought she'd have a little fun. "I'm sure
you all know our featured speaker, but not everyone does. When I called the
switchboard to get his bio, the operator asked, 'What department is he with?' "
After the laughter died down, she added, "And, of course, you know Bill's wife
Hillary, I mean Babe Atkins Byrne." "She was on a roll," said Annette Risse, a
member of the audience.

WHOLE LOTTA YOIK-ING GOING ON: As director of theater and dance for the Cultural
Olympiad, Stephanie Hughley has to be multitalented, but who knew she was such a
good yoik-er? Yoik means "to capture the essence of" in Norwegian. During a
recent poetry reading by Scandinavian poet Nils- Aslak Valkeapaa at Callanwolde
Fine Arts Center, Hughley read English translations of the poet's work. The
wowed crowd was impressed with how quickly Hughley had learned to yoik.

AFTER "UNFORGIVEN": Georgia is reportedly one of the sites being considered as
Clint Eastwood scouts for the location of his next movie. Earlier this week,
Eastwood was nosing around Austin, Texas, for locations for a movie he plans to
direct this spring starring Kevin Costner as an escaped convict who is tracked
down by a sheriff played by Eastwood. "We're pretty close (to making a
decision), but there are a lot of things that we have to consider," producer
David Valdes said. Eastwood's "Unforgiven" is up for nine Academy Awards,
including one for best picture.

YOU SAY YOU WANT A REVOLUTION? Former Black Panther Bobby Seale hopes revolution
is "graduating to a higher level." Seale, 56, spoke at the University of St.
Thomas in St. Paul, Minn., as part of a Black History Month observance Tuesday.
"We're talking about being revolutionary humanists," Seale said. "Revolution is
only about the need to evolve more political, economic and social justice back
into the hands of the people - but it's not about violence." Seale also plugged
his 142- page cookbook "Barbeque'n With Bobby," a collection of recipes and tips
on what he says has become the radical generation's backyard passion.

PUDDING GUY: Comedian Chevy Chase, known for his deadpan delivery of outrageous
lines, didn't disappoint as he accepted the man of the year award from Harvard
University's Hasty Pudding Theatricals. "Thank you very little," Chase said as
members of the nation's oldest undergraduate theatrical group presented him with
the traditional brass pudding pot. "I love being here at a great place of higher
learning with a great group of morons." The group earlier honored Whoopi
Goldberg as woman of the year.

HIP-HOP HAPPENING: Bobby Brown. The boundary-pushing R&B singer- dancer hits The
Omni with a diverse opening lineup - Atlanta hip-hoppers TLC and newcomer
vocalist Mary J. Blige. 8 tonight. $ 23.50 at Ticketmaster. 100 Techwood Drive
N.W. 249-6400.

Contributing: Kris Jensen, Helen Smith and our news services. If you have an
item, call Peach Buzz at 222-8503, or fax to 526-5509.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH930640064

GRAPHIC: Photo: Comedian Chevy Chase receives the brass pudding pot, given to
Harvard University's Hasty Pudding Theatricals' man of the year, Tuesday in
Cambridge, Mass. / Associated Press Photo: Bill Byrne

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              910 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 9, 2002 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Md. Ethics Panel Pulls Lobbyist's License

BYLINE: Matthew Mosk, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 774 words


The Maryland State Ethics Commission has voted to permanently revoke the
lobbying license of Gerard E. Evans, banning the lobbyist from a profession he
dominated before being jailed for defrauding corporate clients.

Lawmakers viewed the ruling, made public yesterday, as a critical first test of
the state's toughened ethics provisions and as a bold statement that leaders in
Annapolis will no longer tolerate corruption.

"These laws have teeth, and they were meant to have teeth," said House Speaker
Casper R. Taylor Jr. (D-Allegany). "When you put a sanction in the law that
takes away somebody's ability to make a living, you are serious. And that's
exactly what the legislature wanted."

Evans, 46, said yesterday that he will immediately appeal the ruling to the
courts, setting the stage for lengthy litigation that might enable him to lobby
the legislature next year while the outcome remains in doubt.

In an interview yesterday, Evans called the decision "just outrageous. It's
unfortunate that their first act [using the new laws] is to act illegally. I'm
going to keep working until we get a proper judicial review."

Ethics Commission members said in an 18-page opinion that they yanked Evans's
license based on a provision of a 1999 law barring lobbyists convicted of ethics
infractions from ever reviving their practices. The law was written specifically
with Evans in mind.

To allow Evans to return to lobbying in Annapolis would disregard the
legislature's intent, they argued. Ending his lobbying career, the ruling
concludes, "is necessary to protect the public confidence in government as well
as the integrity of the governmental process."

Evans announced his plans to revive his lobbying practice in May, just two weeks
after his early release from a 30-month federal prison sentence. He registered
with the commission to represent a handful of high-profile clients, including
Baltimore Orioles owner Peter G. Angelos and chapters of the state's largest
police union.

At the time, Evans predicted an outcry, but he said the timing of the 1999 law
kept it from applying to him: It was signed by the governor after his
indictment, and it did not take effect until after his conviction.

Some lawmakers agreed that he will have a compelling case on appeal, noting that
the Maryland attorney general issued an opinion June 5 that explicitly supported
Evans's position. That opinion said the commission could not punish Evans
retroactively for behavior that occurred before the law went on the books.

But in yesterday's opinion, the commissioners rejected the attorney general's
analysis, saying they are not acting retroactively. Rather, they argue that they
are responding to a complaint filed after he registered this year and that they
are taking into account his past behavior, as the 1999 law allows.

The commission could face ethical complications during an appeal because under
the law, it is supposed to be represented by the attorney general's office. Not
only has the office provided a conflicting opinion on the subject, but Evans was
campaign manager for Attorney General J. Joseph Curran (D) in the 1980s.

Chairman Charles O. Monk II said the commission has not resolved how to handle
those conflicts.

Sen. Brian E. Frosh (D-Montgomery) said that no matter how the appeal is
handled, the commission's actions mark a clear break with the high-profile
scandals that have plagued Annapolis.

Since 1998, a Maryland state senator has been expelled for ethical infractions,
a delegate resigned amid conflict-of-interest allegations, two top-earning
lobbyists were convicted of fraud and the powerful Senate president was rebuked
for improperly contacting judges during the redistricting process.

"I think what we've done is taken strong steps to reign in corruption," said
Frosh, who filed the complaint about Evans's license. "I think this decision is
evidence that we've done the right thing."

But Republicans see more evidence of a broken system. Kevin Igoe, a GOP
consultant on several legislative races this fall, said Evans's case should
serve as a reminder to the public that Maryland lacks a vibrant two-party
system.

"Anytime we see the specter of corruption, the public can see evidence that we
need to have two viable parties," Igoe said.

But Taylor said the ruling should silence Republicans -- particularly
gubernatorial candidate Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. -- who have argued during this
campaign season that Annapolis is a place where corruption goes unchecked.

"I think this flies in the face of that despicable rhetoric," Taylor said.

Staff writer Lori Montgomery contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              911 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            February 23, 2007 Friday
                                  City Edition

Forcing cancer shots: A bad idea? ;
Chief of druggists' group hails decision to halt lobbying effort.

BYLINE: Jim Killackey, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 430 words


A national drug company's decision to end state lobbying for a cervical cancer
vaccine was wise because the drug could have adverse side effects in girls under
age 16 and it's too expensive, the executive director of the Oklahoma
Pharmacists Association said.

The controversial drug Gardasil should have had more research, said Phil
Woodward, whose association represents nearly 900 state pharmacists.

Merck & Co. has suspended a lobbying campaign to get state legislators to
require 11- and 12-year-old girls to get three doses of cervical cancer vaccine
as a requirement for school attendance.

Contacted by The Oklahoman, Oklahoma's Merck lobbyist, Bart McSpadden, said all
questions and inquiries about the company's drug policies should be directed to
corporate officials in Pennsylvania.

The issue apparently is dead in the Oklahoma Legislature this session.

Oklahoma City Sen. Constance Johnson said she won't try to pass her bill to
require all Oklahoma girls entering sixth grade to have immunizations for
cervical cancer.

Woodward said cervical cancer vaccination mandates were bound to cause
"widespread criticism from legislators and concerned parents.

"Even Merck realized their efforts were being misconstrued as self-serving.
Merck now realizes there should have been more emphasis on educating the public
about the vaccine instead of forcing state mandates," Woodward said.

A costly vaccine

The National Vaccine Information Center has publicized reports of vaccine side
effects - mostly dizziness and fainting - in women who had gotten Gardasil. The
center questions whether the vaccine was tested enough in young girls.

Besides side effects, Gardasil is costly, Woodward said.

It contains the human papillomavirus vaccine that prevents both cervical cancer
and genital warts.

It is given in three shots: the second 30 days after the first, and the final
shot in six months.

The total cost can range from $500 to $700.

Each year in Oklahoma, about 130 women are diagnosed with cervical cancer, and
60 die from the disease.

Dr. Steve Crawford, chairman of the University of Oklahoma's Department of
Family and Preventive Medicine, said the vaccine is excellent but parental
discretion is definitely needed when giving the drug to young women.

Crawford said he understands the argument from conservative parents' groups that
getting the shots might be considered an admission of sexual activity.

But he thinks that within the next two years, all women should have the cervical
cancer vaccine shots by age 12 to become fully protected.

Contributing: The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Contributing: The Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              912 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 29, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Dukakis Sharply Attacks Bush on Ethics

BYLINE: By ANDREW ROSENTHAL

SECTION: Section D; Page 28, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 666 words


In a sharp attack on Vice President Bush's ethical standards, Gov. Michael S.
Dukakis said yesterday that if elected President he would sign an order
tightening restrictions on lobbying by former Government officials.

The order would seek to ban any lobbying of Government by the highest-level
officials during the Administration that appointed them.

''George Bush may be satisfied with this Administration's hall of shame, dozens
and dozens of top Administration officials who broke the law and violated the
public trust,'' Mr. Dukakis told a cheering crowd in western Pennsylvania before
flying to New York.

''He may be satisfied with letting Japan make the cars while his former
colleagues make the license plates. I say America can do better than that.''

Mr. Dukakis's proposal was contained in a document entitled ''Integrity in
Government Initiative'' that was distributed to reporters on his campaign
airplane. But campaign aides said the document misrepresented the Massachusetts
Governor's proposal on some points and had to clarify it later.

Dukakis Meets Soviet Official

In New York, Mr. Dukakis met at the Waldorf Towers with the Soviet Foreign
Minister, Eduard A. Shevardnadze, who talked with Mr. Bush last Friday in
Washington. In brief statements, the two men both said they had talked about the
need for ''continuity and consistency'' in superpower relations.

Dayton Duncan, a spokesman for the campaign, said Mr. Dukakis also presented Mr.
Shevardnadze with a list of Soviet citizens who are seeking to emigrate.

Mr. Dukakis said he stressed his support for ''President Reagan's efforts to
move forward'' in Soviet-American relations and told Mr. Shevardnadze that he
would ''continue the work that President Reagan has begun.''

Since his debate with Mr. Bush on Sunday, Mr. Dukakis has devoted much of his
campaigning to driving home an assault on the Vice President, ridiculing his
proposal to allow middle-income workers to defer taxes on up to $1,000 a year in
savings and accusing him of planning a ''raid'' on the Social Security Trust
Fund.

Yesterday, in Greensburg, Pa., Mr. Dukakis said the Bush savings plan would save
an average of $20 a year.

Waving a $20 bill, he said, sneering: ''Twenty bucks a year. That's Mr. Bush's
solution for average Americans. He says it will make it possible for us to
afford a home. Twenty bucks. Pay for college or start a business. Twenty
bucks.'' Mr. Dukakis said some of Mr. Bush's ''top campaign aides were hired
guns for a Bahamian Government whose leaders are under investigation for drug
activity,'' a reference to two Bush advisers whose company acted as a lobbyist
for that Government.

'Revolving Door' Assailed

And he spoke of a ''revolving door between the Administration and private
lobbying firms, where self-service replaces public service and dishonest
consultants are ripping off the Pentagon.''

Mr. Dukakis said that on his first day in office, he would sign an executive
order intended to toughen ethics laws that restricted lobbying by former Federal
officials.

Under the current law, officials in a particular department may not lobby in
that department for one year after they leave office. The restriction applies
for two years within areas in which the official had involvement, and
indefinitely on projects on which he personally participated.

Mr. Dukakis said he would go a step further, by banning lobbying in the entire
course of his administration by former Presidential appointees who had been
confirmed by the Senate. Campaign aides said that would cover about 700 people.

Mr. Dukakis also would ban lobbying in any part of the executive branch by the
most senior appointees, including all Cabinet officers, and the top three levels
of the executive office. Victoria Rideout, an aide, said this restriction would
apply to about 100 people.

The original proposal as distributed by the campaign confused which kinds of
appointees would be covered by the various restrictions.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Gov. Michael S. Dukakis (NYT/G. Paul Burnett)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              913 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                             July 5, 2012 Thursday

What's happening at Minnesota Capitol: Dayton receives education award; lobbying
complaint filed against Minnesota Majority

BYLINE: Paul Demko

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 873  words


EVENTS

6 - 9 p.m.: Drinking Liberally. Featuring U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison at 7 p.m. 331
Club, corner of 13th and University Ave., NE, Minneapolis.

WHAT'S COMING UP

CIVIC HAPPY HOUR: The Citizens League hosts a happy hour next Tuesday, July 10
at Grumpy's, 1111 Washington Ave., Minneapolis. Current and prospective members
are invited to check out the League in a mix and mingle setting from 5:30 to
7:30 p.m. Happy hour drink and appetizer specials are available.

MEDICAID REFORM MEETINGS: The Department of Human Services has set additional
public meetings to allow the public to provide input into changes to the state's
Medicaid program, known as Medical Assistance. In 2011 the legislature ordered
DHS to reform MA to achieve better outcomes, and the state will seek federal
approval for changes. The reforms are aimed at, among other things, helping
clients become more independent, seek housing, gain employment, and reduce
reliance on institutional care. A comprehensive overview is set for Tuesday,
July 10 from 6:30 to 9 p.m. at the Pillsbury Community Center, 420-15th Ave S.,
Minneapolis. Additional meetings on specific topics, including mental health and
children with autism, are scheduled next week.

PAWLENTY TRACKS OBAMA: Former Gov. Tim Pawlenty will be stumping for presumptive
GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney in Pennsylvania and Ohio on Thursday and
Friday. He'll be traveling on Romney's campaign bus at the same time that
President Barack Obama visits the two key swing states.

WHAT HAPPENED YESTERDAY

DAYTON ACCEPTS EDUCATION HONOR: The National Education Association presented
Gov. Mark Dayton with the America's Greatest Education Governor Award on
Tuesday. NEA President Dennis Van Roekel praised Dayton for his work on
education funding and focus on early learning. While in D.C., Dayton had an
opportunity to meet with Winona teacher Matt Reuter, who, when shipped out to
Afghanistan with the Air Force Reserves in 2011, was required to pay the cost of
a substitute teacher to take his place. The K-12 Education Policy Bill passed by
the legislature and signed by Dayton this year ensures that teachers who are
deployed receive the salary owed to them once they have returned to Minnesota.

LOBBYING COMPLAINT: Common Cause Minnesota filed a complaint on Tuesday alleging
that Minnesota Majority and its executive director, Dan McGrath, violated  state
law by failing to properly register as a lobbying organization and disclose
costs associated with seeking to influence legislation. The complaint quotes
from an affidavit by McGrath in which he details efforts to place a
constitutional amendment requiring voters to produce a photo ID on the ballot.
"Given its significant investment of time, attention and money toward the
enactment of the Amendment, Minnesota Majority has a substantial and direct
interest in the outcome of this matter," McGrath said in the legal document. The
complaint, filed with the Minnesota Campaign Finance and Public Disclosure
Board, calls on the watchdog agency to impose a $1,000 fine and audit Minnesota
Majority's books to determine how much money was spent on lobbying.

KRIESEL CONNECTS: Retiring GOP Rep. John Kriesel, who recently started his job
with the Anoka Veterans Services office, discovered that two folks who served as
guardian angels during his recovery are now his colleagues.

COLLEGE REPUBLICANS CLAIM VICTORY: Minnesota College Republicans took aim at at
the University of Minnesota-Duluth's participation in an anti-racism campaign
called Un-Fair, which has been controversial since it began in January. College
Republicans Chair Ryan Lyk credits the group with being the only organization to
oppose the campus' participation. Despite earlier affirmations of support, on
Tuesday UMD announced in a press release that it was dropping its partnership.
Seventeen sponsors -- including MNSCU's Lake Superior College, city, county,
religious and nonprofit organizations -- remain committed, but say they will be
evaluating the campaign's edgy creative approach.

SWEATING WITH THE SAINTS: That the St. Paul Saints baseball team delivered a
13-6 come-from-behind victory wasn't the only pleasant surprise at Wednesday's
evening ballgame. Longtime baseball fan and Saints lobbyist Julian Loscalzo was
getting his exercise in the 90+ degree weather by schlepping beer and munchies
to fans in the bleachers. Loscalzo runs Ballpark Tours and started the Save The
Met group when baseball was moving to the Dome. He said he has been vending in
the bleachers since he was a kid, at the old Metropolitan Stadium in
Bloomington. "I only do it enough to keep me young," he said.

DATE NIGHT: Disability advocates Nikki Villavincencio and fiancee Darrell
Paulsen enjoyed their first night out since the birth of baby Alexandria this
spring. They attended Tuesday's Saints game. Paulsen admitted that he'd called
the babysitter a couple of times by the third inning.

SOLD!: Kathleen Ramstad, wife of former U.S. Rep. Jim Ramstad, recently sold the
Minneapolis home she paid $385,000 for in 1985 for $1.36 million. When the two
were married in 2005, they moved to Minnetonka. The Lake Harriet area home sale
was featured in the Minneapolis-St. Paul Business Journal's Dream Homes section.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              914 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           February 5, 2009 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Lobbyists sent in to win slice of $900B package;
Clients taking advantage of 'every resource'

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 693 words


WASHINGTON -- Despite pledges by congressional leaders to keep special projects
out of the legislation, groups ranging from a home builders' coalition to an
Indian tribe in Oklahoma have hired lobbyists recently to help them secure a
piece of the $900 billion economic stimulus package moving through Congress.

More than two dozen organizations have filed lobbying registration forms since
Election Day that list the stimulus package -- known as the American Recovery
and Reinvestment Act -- as a focus of their lobbying efforts, according to a USA
TODAY review of records compiled by the non-partisan CQ MoneyLine.

"It's a lobbyist full-employment act," Steve Ellis, vice president of the budget
watchdog group Taxpayers for Common Sense, said of the package. "This is a big
train, and everything is hopping on board."

Officials in Forsyth County, N.C., for instance, recently signed a $60,000
lobbying contract with the Ferguson Group as they seek $20 million for highway
improvements, $1 million for a gun range and $3 million for an airport taxiway
extension, County Manager Dudley Watts said.

The county is looking for opportunities in the stimulus package and other
spending bills Congress will consider later in the year, he said.

President Obama and congressional leaders have vowed to keep the package free of
the special projects members of Congress add to bills. Instead, much of the
stimulus cash is likely to flow though federal departments and states. Bill
Ferguson, CEO of the Ferguson Group, said part of his firm's role is to use its
expertise and ties to federal agencies to help clients navigate the grant-making
process.

"A big wad of money is going to get shoved through grant programs," he said.
Cities and counties "are going to need people who understand those programs."

The Senate spent Wednesday debating changes to the package, which Obama wants on
his desk by Feb. 16.

The House of Representatives passed its version last week.

Other groups that have recently ramped up lobbying range from the Palmdale Water
District in Southern California to the Chickasaw Nation in Oklahoma, which is
seeking federal money for roads, schools and health care, said Brian Campbell,
CEO of the tribe's commerce division.

The Fix Housing First coalition, a group representing home builders, is pressing
for changes to the bill to boost home sales. Last month, it hired a lobbyist to
advance its cause and dispatched 80 builders and representatives from
building-supply companies to Capitol Hill on Jan. 7.

"This is the most significant downturn that the housing industry has faced since
the Great Depression," said Jerry Howard, CEO of the National Association of
Home Builders.

"The bottom line is that we want to use every resource at our disposal," he
said.

Among the provisions builders are seeking to spur property sales: a tax credit
of up to $22,000 to people who buy homes this year.

The idea has gained traction. The Senate voted Wednesday to include a $15,000
tax credit for home buyers in the stimulus bill.

Howard called the stimulus package and the lobbying frenzy surrounding it "the
single-largest and single-most-exhaustive undertaking" he has worked on in more
than 25 years.

"This is the Super Bowl," Howard said.

Other industries already have reaped benefits in the stimulus package.

Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, D-Fla., inserted a provision in the House-passed
bill that exempts companies that work on recreational boats from paying federal
workers' compensation insurance for their employees. Under current law, the
federal insurance is required for people who work on recreational boats over 65
feet.

The change has been long sought by the yacht-repair industry, and it has been a
priority for Wasserman Schultz for years, her spokesman Jonathan Beeton said. He
said federal insurance was unnecessary because the firms already participate in
state workers' compensation programs.

The change will allow companies in South Florida and elsewhere to compete with
similar firms that operate in foreign ports and don't have to pay the higher
insurance premiums, he said.

"It will allow more small businesses ... to stay in this business," Beeton said.


LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Sam Riche for USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              915 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 31, 2006 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Democrats Try to Tie Upstate Congressman to Washington G.O.P. Scandals

BYLINE: By RAYMOND HERNANDEZ

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 680 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 30


New York Democrats, hoping to oust an influential Republican congressman from
upstate New York, are questioning his ties to lobbyists in the wake of the
lobbying corruption scandal hanging over Capitol Hill.

The Democrats are seizing on reports that the congressman, John E. Sweeney of
the Albany area, recently organized a $2,000-a-person ''Skiing with Sweeney''
weekend getaway attended by lobbyists at a ski resort in Park City, Utah, as
well as a dinner at the home of Jeffrey Kimbell, a pharmaceutical industry
lobbyist.

The Democrats who have attacked Mr. Sweeney in newspaper interviews, news
releases and a satirical Internet advertisement are arguing that his actions
reflect a larger culture of corruption that has enveloped Washington under
Republican rule. The attacks notwithstanding, he has not been implicated in any
troubles that have touched other Republicans.

''A scandal is brewing in Washington, D.C.,'' the narrator in the Internet ad
declares. ''So it is worth asking: What is our congressman doing to fix this
mess? He's going skiing. In Utah. With lobbyists.''

The attacks, which have escalated in recent days, have provoked the Sweeney camp
into striking back, suggesting that the congressman and his advisers are
slightly unsettled. Specifically, the Sweeney camp has taken aim at Kirsten
Gillibrand, a Democrat who is seeking to unseat him and whose campaign has
helped orchestrate many of the attacks.

Melissa Carlson, a Sweeney spokeswoman, suggested hypocrisy on Ms. Gillibrand's
part, pointing out that she is the daughter of Douglas Rutnik, an Albany
lobbyist who is close to Gov. George E. Pataki.

Ms. Carlson also defended the trip to Utah, noting that Mr. Kimbell, the
pharmaceutical lobbyist, represents two companies that employ more than 2,000
people in the congressman's district and that Mr. Sweeney was discussing
economic development efforts with him.

Ms. Carlson also noted that Mr. Sweeney had used his influence and seniority in
Congress to secure aid for his district and for the rest of the state, and that
he played a crucial role in fighting for $20 billion in reconstruction aid for
New York City after the 9/11 attack.

''We don't have to attack her,'' Ms. Carlson said of Ms. Gillibrand. ''My boss
has a record of achievement to run on.''

The attacks on Mr. Sweeney come as New York Democrats say they plan to use the
fallout over the lobbying scandal in Washington as an issue to mount vigorous
challenges against Mr. Sweeney and other Republicans they consider too close to
Republican leaders on the Hill.

Interestingly, Mr. Sweeney has taken part in an effort to force new elections on
Capitol Hill to replace most of the Republican leaders in the aftermath of the
lobbying scandal.

In calling for House elections, Mr. Sweeney and his allies believe that
leadership changes in the House should go beyond Representative Tom DeLay of
Texas, who recently abandoned his effort to remain majority leader amid pressure
from Republican colleagues jittery about an election-year lobbying scandal.

Mr. DeLay, who had temporarily stepped aside after being indicted on state
charges in Texas, made his decision after the lobbyist Jack Abramoff, a former
DeLay ally, pleaded guilty to corruption charges in a case that could also
involve other former senior DeLay aides.

In a letter being circulated to Republican House members, Mr. Sweeney and a
colleague, Representative Dan Lundgren of California, argued that Republicans
''must seize this opportunity to regain the trust the American public placed in
us.''

But Democrats say that Mr. Sweeney's fund-raising event in Utah suggests that he
is not genuinely committed to reform.

In an interview, Ms. Gillibrand accused Mr. Sweeney of being ''part of the
problem in Washington.''

''My concern is that he is on a junket with representatives of the
pharmaceutical industry listening to their concerns when he should be back in
the district listening to our concerns,'' she said. But even Democrats agree
that Ms. Gillibrand has an uphill battle in the heavily Republican district.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: John Sweeney

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              916 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                              April 1, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Full disclosure for state's lobbyists

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 347  words


When the General Assembly is in session in Raleigh, it's a common sight to see
lobbyists entertaining legislators.

It might be a reception for dozens of lawmakers or a quiet lunch. It might even
be just a lobbyist sending word by a waiter that the lobbyist has picked up the
tab for a few legislators sharing a lunch together.

They call it "good will" lobbying.

And, no doubt, it is.

But just how pervasive it is, who exactly is giving what to whom -- that, we
don't know. North Carolina's lobbying laws say the folks whose working days are
spent trying to influence legislators and legislation don't have to report
entertainment expenses as long as no specific legislation is discussed.

That's a big loophole.

The N. C. Coalition for Lobbying Reform wants to close it. It has launched an
aggressive campaign to persuade the legislature to strengthen the lobbying laws
to require disclosure of such expenditures.

No one should be shocked that lobbyists spend a lot of time and money developing
relationships. We're not so naïve as to think that's going to go away, or even
should go away.

But we do think voters need to know who is building those relationships, and how
much they are putting into the effort. It might make a big difference to a voter
to know that his or her representative is regularly feted by the Chamber of
Commerce -- or the AFL-CIO.

"Until we have full disclosure and openness, it's really going to be impossible
for the public or anybody else to know how much money is being spent on behalf
of lawmakers and lobbyists," Bob Phillips, executive director of N.C. Common
Cause, told The Charlotte Observer.

Some lobbying groups report more than they must, simply because they feel it's
the right thing to do.

"It ought to be an open process," said Paul Williams, director of communications
for the Home Builders Association. The group voluntarily reported that it spent
$26,843 to entertain legislators, most of that money for a reception, according
to The Observer.

Williams said it aptly. The General Assembly needs to enact legislation to
insure that it is an open process.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 The Durham Herald Co.


                              917 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           September 10, 1999 Friday
                                  City Edition

Common Cause targets lobbying loopholes Says reports to state need specificity

BYLINE: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 557 words


A political watchdog group is preparing to meet with state officials in hopes of
toughening Nebraska's lobbying laws.

Common Cause of Nebraska is scheduled to meet Sept. 17 with the Accountability
and Disclosure Commission, the agency charged with overseeing state lobbying
laws, to lay a framework for legislation it hopes to see introduced next
session.

"We want to try to identify the boundaries of what legislation needs to be
there," said Common Cause spokesman Jack Gould. "It hasn't been real clear about
the legality of a lot of things that go on."

Lobbyists must report how much they are paid and spend to influence state
senators and other officials.

But Common Cause is dubious of what it said are loopholes that allowed lobbyists
to report $513,000 in "miscellaneous" and "entertainment" expenses last year.
"That's one of the reasons we're trying to get some legislation -- to expose
exactly where all that money goes," he said.

Lobbyists in Nebraska can take a senator or constitutional officer out to eat as
often as they like and not report it other than in a total spent for
entertainment expenses.

Common Cause is talking with several state senators, including Ernie Chambers of
Omaha, to find a sponsor for a bill tightening the reporting laws.

The accountability commission has given Common Cause preliminary answers to 17
questions it submitted regarding what is required -- or not required -- by state
officials in reporting gifts they receive.

State law prohibits lobbyists from giving officials gifts worth more than $50
per month, but it exempts university sports events, as well as food and drink.

The governor and other executive officers disclose receipt of any gift valued
over $100. They need only report the gift was received, not its dollar value.

Gould said Common Cause favors making it illegal for elected officials to
receive any gifts, but the Legislature has resisted that idea. The group's
approach now is to push for full disclosure of what was given and its value,
Gould said.

Gould rejects the belief that senators and state officials are not influenced by
wining and dining by lobbyists, who were paid $6.5 million total in 1998.

The top-earning lobbyist for the first half of 1999 was the Ruth and Mueller law
firm, which showed earnings of $607,590. Its clients include AT&T, Lincoln
Electric System, Nebraska State Bar Association and Pharmaceutical Research and
Manufacturers of America.

The next-highest-paid firm was O'Hara & Associates at $364,498. O'Hara's clients
include Lucent Technologies and the Omaha Public Power District.

The top five spenders during the 1999 legislative session were Cutshall &
Associates ($258,788), Walter H. Radcliffe & Associates ($145,630), O'Hara &
Associates ($131,594), the League of Nebraska Municipalities ($77,162) and the
Nebraska Chamber of Commerce ($55,902).

The University of Nebraska spent $51,358, making it seventh-highest on the list.
Of that total, $45,000 went to pay six lobbyists. After prodding by Common Cause
earlier this year, the university disclosed it had given lawmakers $12,000 in
free football tickets last year.

Paul O'Hara, president of O'Hara & Associates, said he would welcome further
definition of the laws.

"It could be tightened up," he said. "The accountability and disclosure laws
could be a little clearer. There's not a lot of definition."

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1999 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 11, 1993, Monday, Final Edition

Clinton Team's Lobbying Campaign Tries to Turn Corner on NAFTA Vote

Peter Behr, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A14

LENGTH: 665 words


The Clinton administration believes it is narrowing the advantage held by
congressional opponents of the North American Free Trade Agreement through a
lobbying effort by the president and his Cabinet.

"This thing is very much up in the air," said House Majority Leader Rep. Richard
Gephardt (D-Mo.), a prominent opponent of the proposed trade agreement.

By all accounts NAFTA opponents have a substantial lead in the House, which will
cast the initial vote in five weeks, followed by the Senate. The outcome will
turn on a furious end game of pressure and persuasion directed at as many as 100
members of Congress who remain publicly uncommitted.

William Daley, a Chicago lawyer and political strategist brought in by President
Clinton to run the NAFTA fight, said the administration's recent lobbying
activity has created some urgently needed momentum in favor of the proposed
trade agreement with Mexico and Canada.

"We're beginning to soften the underbelly of the resistance," said Daley,
acknowledging that few members have publicly declared themselves as converts to
NAFTA.

Rep. David E. Bonior (D-Mich.), the Democratic Whip and the House's leading
NAFTA opponent, said his side has a "very comfortable" lead and if the undecided
vote splits evenly, as he predicts, the trade agreement will be rejected.

With 218 votes required to pass or kill NAFTA in the House, opponents claim more
than 190 votes committed or solidly leaning their way. Another 170 members
support NAFTA or lean that way, supporters claim.

Some uncommitted members are showing up on both side's lists, but clearly the
White House must win over two-thirds of the remaining uncommitted members to
triumph.

The administration already has won a minor victory in simply keeping NAFTA alive
long enough for Congress to vote on the issue. During the August congressional
recess a coalition of organized labor, Ross Perot's political followers and
environmental activists joined in an anti-NAFTA offensive that came close to
finishing off the proposal. "People came back to Washington saying they had been
pretty well beaten up on this," Rep. David L. Hobson (R-Ohio) said.

Daley argues that over the past month Clinton has succeeded in persuading key
groups -- business, the public and House Republicans -- that he really wants
NAFTA.

The president's Sept. 14 speech on NAFTA reassured doubters like Rep. Jim Kolbe
(R-Ariz.) that Clinton was willing to pay the political price to pass NAFTA.

The second phase of the campaign was up and running last week, as separate state
delegations of business and community leaders from New England, New Jersey and
North Carolina were brought to Washington for NAFTA briefings by Vice President
Gore and Cabinet members. All are states with a prize of uncommitted
representatives.

This week Cabinet members will travel to those same states to visit companies
that stand to increase sales to Mexico if NAFTA passes. The process will be
repeated for other states where uncommitted lawmakers are targeted.

At the same time leaders of key industry's in the trade debate are being
assembled in Washington to talk to reporters and lobby those on Capitol Hill.

Hobson said intellectually, he wants to support a trade agreement lowering
barriers throughout the hemisphere. But he worries about what increased trade
with Mexico may do to vulnerable companies in his district that make sheet glass
and brooms. Hobson also has about 20,000 current and retired auto workers in his
district who don't like NAFTA.

"I really want an agreement," he said. "But I'm not sure what's really in this
one. Nobody has convinced me this is the right one."

Daley acknowledges Hobson's dilemma is echoed by undecided House members who
lean intellectually toward free trade but worry about how NAFTA will work out in
their districts and still do not see enough local support for the agreement.

"Members are telling us, 'You're right, you're right. But it's the politics,' "
Daley said.


LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              919 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Burbank Leader (Glendale, California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 12, 2015 Saturday

Burbank City Councilman David Gordon takes on lobbying role

BYLINE: Chad Garland, Burbank Leader, Glendale, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 562 words


Dec. 12--Burbank City Councilman David Gordon has been named to the National
League of Cities 2016 Community and Economic Development Committee, giving him
the opportunity to help influence federal policy on behalf of communities
throughout the country.

The appointment was announced this week by Melodee Colbert-Kean, the league's
president and a councilwoman from Joplin, Mo.

"It's a pretty significant thing," Gordon said. "It gives us a direct voice in
Washington."

The National League of Cities is the lobby for 19,000 cities, towns and villages
in the United States. The Community and Economic Development Committee drafts
the league's policy positions related to housing, community and economic
development, land use, recreation and parks, historic preservation and
international competitiveness.

"I basically don't know what it doesn't do, but it does a lot of things," Gordon
said.

Members from communities across the country serve a one-year term and are
eligible for reappointment annually, according to the league of cities' website.

Gordon said the new post will require a few trips to the nation's capital. News
of the appointment comes after Gordon traveled to the annual National League of
Cities Congress of Cities and Exposition in Nashville, Tenn., last month.

The small businessman has an optometry practice in Burbank and has served on the
council since 2006. He has also served on several boards and committees in the
city, including a four-year stint on the Planning Board in the late 1990s, but
this is his first appointment to a National League of Cities committee.

This year's Community and Economic Development Committee is chaired by Craig
Thurmond, mayor of Broken Arrow, Okla. Vice chairs are Gerri Schroder, a
councilwoman from Henderson, Nev., and Gyna Bivens, a councilwoman from Fort
Worth, Texas.

The group meets several times a year to develop policy positions, which are then
considered at the league's annual congress, usually held in the fall, and
incorporated into its national-policy activities for the following year.

For example, this year the group decided to call on Congress to fully fund the
Community Development Block Grant program, which provides federal dollars to
meet local needs in affordable housing, access to community facilities and
programs as well as economic development and infrastructure.

For years, requests for block grants have exceeded available funds, and recent
federal budgets have decreased funding for the grant program nationwide. Earlier
this year, the Burbank City Council received $950,000 in block-grant funding and
roughly $1.6 million in requests.

City Council deliberations on how to allocate the grants were so lengthy that
City Manager Mark Scott kicked in $4,500 of his own salary to benefit local
programs and help move the meeting along.

Gordon said he plans to network and partner with committee members from other
cities to identify "best practices" and other ideas to benefit the city.

"I look forward to working closely with the committee to bring the latest ideas
and opportunities to Burbank for the benefit of all those living and working in
our city and our region," he said.

Chad Garland, chad.garland@latimes.com

Twitter: @chadgarland

___ (c)2015 the Burbank Leader (Glendale, Calif.) Visit the Burbank Leader
(Glendale, Calif.) at www.burbankleader.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151212-1BU-Burbank-City-Councilman-David-Gordon-takes-on-lobbying
-role-1212-20151212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BU


                         Copyright 2015 Burbank Leader


                              920 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                           January 26, 1997, Sunday,

MAINE'S LOBBYING REGULATIONS RIDDLED WITH HOLES;
 BUT SOME OF THE STATE'S LOBBYISTS ARGUE THAT LAWS HERE ARE BETTER THAN THOSE IN
MANY OTHER STATES.

BYLINE: Paul Carrier Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 1179 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA


When it comes to regulating lobbyists, Maine's laws are riddled with loopholes.

The laws look good at first. Lobbyists must register with the state. They must
identify their clients. They must list earnings and expenses. And they must
report which bills they work on.

Yet some experts say Maine's laws are nowhere near as thorough as they could be.

The result is that well-heeled special interests routinely ply lawmakers with
money, lobbyists do not disclose enough information about their work, and the
laws that regulate gifts from lobbyists are inconsistent at best.

Unlike many states, Maine allows lobbyists to make campaign contributions to
legislators, even when the Legislature is in session.

Two states - Kentucky and South Carolina - prohibit lobbyists from making
campaign donations at any time, according to the Council of State Governments.
Another 21 states, including the New England states of Vermont and Connecticut,
bar lobbyists from giving money to lawmakers when the Legislature is meeting.

In Maine, the lack of a similar restriction means that lobbyists and their
clients regularly contribute large sums of money to lawmakers, on or about the
time when lobbyists, and their clients, have a stake in impending legislation.

Records show that in 1996, at least three Republican senators - incumbents Leo
Kieffer of Caribou and Joel Abromson of Portland, and then-Sen. Willis Lord of
Waterboro - held fund-raising receptions during the legislative session.

So did the Democratic Legislative Majority, a political action committee
controlled by Democratic leaders.

All four events attracted swarms of lobbyists. And the lobbyists brought their
checkbooks. Some lobbyists even helped organize the fund-raisers held by
Abromson and Lord.

Edward Kane, a lobbyist for Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Maine, was co-host of
a Feb. 29, 1996, fund-raiser for Abromson. At the time, Abromson co-chaired a
legislative committee that was considering a bill dealing with the restructuring
of Blue Cross and Blue Shield.

No fewer than seven lobbyists co-hosted a March 19, 1996, fundraiser for Lord.
The lobbyist co-hosts included Edward Johnston, who represents Maine gravel-pit
operators. Those operators supported a bill that one of Lord's committees took
up the day after his fundraiser.

State records do not say who attended those fund-raisers. However, they do list
who contributed $ 1,000 to the Democratic Legislative Majority PAC on March 28,
1996 - the date of its $ 1,000-a-head fund-raiser.

That PAC collected at least 16 contributions of $ 1,000 each on the day of its
fund-raiser, from lobbyists and lobbyists' clients.

Maine Common Cause, a group pushing for lobbying reform, has tried for years to
convince legislators to ban contributions from lobbyists while lawmakers are in
session.

''We've been advocating no contributions during the legislative session for
quite a while,'' said Al Smith of Maine Common Cause.

Smith said it is risky for lobbyists to give money to lawmakers who recently
voted on their issues or are about to do so.

Gift or bribe?

''What's the difference between that and a bribe?'' asked Douglas Hodgkin, a
political scientist at Bates College. ''There's an exchange of money at the same
time as you're trying to persuade (lawmakers) to act a certain way on
legislation.''

Campaign contributions aren't the only gifts lawmakers get from lobbyists.
Lobbyists often take legislators to lunch and sponsor dinners and receptions for
groups of lawmakers.

Some critics argue that lawmakers should be prohibited from accepting such
gifts. Others say as long as such gifts are allowed, lobbyists should be forced
to fully disclose them.

That isn't the case now.

A lobbyist can legally spend up to $ 24 on a legislator's lunch without
identifying the recipient. A lobbyist also can spend up to $ 249 on a reception
for a group of lawmakers, under Maine law, without disclosing who showed up.

Equally vague is the definition of lobbying in Maine.

Under Maine law, a lobbyist is anyone who is paid to lobby the Legislature or
the governor - more than eight hours a month. A lobbyist who works up to eight
hours does not have to register with the state or report any information about
clients, issues, compensation or anything else.

That may seem innocuous, but critics say a large law firm could ignore
disclosure laws by assigning several lobbyists to work on the same bill, and
rotating the lobbyists over the course of a legislative session.

Laws apply unevenly

Moreover, lobbying laws do not apply to all lobbyists. They only cover people
who lobby lawmakers and the governor on pieces of legislation.

Lobbyists who run ads to build support for their clients - something that
experts call ''grass-roots lobbying'' - do not have to report such activity to
the state.

Lobbyists who work to influence regulatory bodies or executive agencies, such as
the state Public Utilities Commission or Department of Transportation, are not
required to register.

That's a shortcoming, according to Sandy Maisel, a political scientist at Colby
College. Excluding executive agencies from lobbying rules is an omission because
that's where a lot of important decisions are made, Maisel said.

Also, in Maine, laws that govern gifts to lawmakers conflict with each other.

For example, one law says legislators may not accept anything of value except
meals and newspaper and magazine subscriptions.

But another Maine law, by its very nature, presumes that much larger gifts are
perfectly legal: That law requires lawmakers to disclose gifts worth more than $
300.

Lobbyists defend laws

Some of Maine's most prominent lobbyists contend the state has better lobbying
laws than most states.

''We're probably in the upper third (of states) in terms of the level of
regulation that is imposed (on lobbyists),'' said lobbyist Richard Davies, a
former legislator and aide to former Gov. Joseph Brennan.

''The citizens and the Legislature have more knowledge here about who's
lobbying, what they're lobbying for and what they're paid than in most states,''
Davies said.

Yet even some lobbyists believe there's room for improvement.

High on their list is a ban on in-session contributions from lobbyists to
legislators. Critics say legislators too often squeeze lobbyists for donations
during sessions, when lobbyists might be vulnerable because a client has
legislation pending.

''That's a real uncomfortable position that many of us have been put in many
times, and we wish it wasn't the case,'' Davies said.

Maine has every reason to fix its flawed lobbying laws now, said Marilyn
Canavan, executive director of the state Commission on Governmental Ethics and
Election Practices.

At a time when power is being passed from the federal to state government,
lobbying at Augusta and other state capitals will become increasingly important.

''A strong lobbying-disclosure law makes even more sense now that a lot of
issues are coming down to the states,'' Canavan said.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  sidebar lobbyists

                Copyright 1997 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                              921 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 21, 1980, Friday, Late City Final Edition

MAN PLEADS GUILTY IN LOBBYING SCHEME

BYLINE: By ARNOLD H. LUBASCH

SECTION: Section A; Page 16, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 635 words


James C. Day, a former Texas legislator, pleaded guilty in Manhattan yesterday
to a Federal charge that he had conducted a fraudulent scheme to become a
lobbyist for the Libyan Government.

Mr. Day admitted that he had ''falsely misrepresented'' how much influence he
had with United States officials and that he had used his claims of influence to
induce his associates in the venture, including Robert L. Vesco, the fugitive
financier, to give him $30,000 to promote his efforts to get a lucrative
lobbying contract.

Mr. Day also admitted that he had lied to his associates by saying that Hamilton
Jordan, the White House chief of staff, had agreed to use his influence to
assist the lobbying for the Libyans.
'Embargoed Aircraft'

The scheme to get Libya to give the contract, worth ''in excess of $1 million,''
to Mr. Day and his associates involved efforts to obtain the release of eight
American military transport planes, the charge said. Libya had paid for the
planes, but the Government refused to deliver them because of hostile Libyan
policies.

Mr. Day also said that he had exaggerated the actions that would be taken for
him by John C. White, the Democratic national chairman. He acknowledged that Mr.
White, an old friend, had asked the State Department about some ''embargoed
aircraft'' and the possibility of a Libyan official's meeting with President
Carter.

Raymond A. Levites, the prosecutor in charge of the case, said that the
investigation of the matter was continuing. He refused to comment on whether Mr.
White might be a target of the inquiry.

Waiving his right to a grand jury proceeding that could result in an indictment,
Mr. Day pleaded guilty to the charge in a criminal information signed by United
States Attorney John S. Martin Jr. The conspiracy charge, which said that Mr.
Day had defrauded both the Libyan Government and his associates, was filed
yesterday as part of a plea agreement with the 48-year-old Mr. Day.

Sentencing Set for Jan. 8

Judge Richard Owen, who accepted the plea in Federal District Court, said that
he would sentence Mr. Day on Jan. 8. The charge carries a sentence of up to five
years and a maximum fine of $10,000.

The agreement for Mr. Day to cooperate with the Government was signed on Sept.
19. Mr. Day said that he had met with Justice Department officials five times
after signing the agreement and had ''cooperated completely.'' Mr. Levites,
asked why it had taken several weeks to complete the charge after the agreement
was signed, replied: ''It was professionally necessary for the investigation of
this case, and no other reason.''

A Senate subcommittee has reviewed evidence that Libya considered making at lea
st $15 million in secret payments to influence American officials to release the
transport planes. The evidence included taperecordings ma de by James Feeney,
one of Mr. Day's associates, who wasacting as an informer.

Mr. Day was charged with falsely representing that Mr. Jordan and Mr. White had
agreed to enter ''a corrupt venture with Day pursuant to which they could each
realize a substantial amount of money.''

In an ''effort to enhance his standing'' with Mr. Vesco and the Libyans, the
charge said, Mr. Day arranged a 1979 meeting between Mr. White and Mansur Rashid
Kikhia, who was Libya's chief representative at the United Nations. Mr. White
has said that he met the Libyan as a ''courtesy'' to Mr. Day.

Mr. Kikhia said in an interview that he had testified before the grand jury on
Tuesday and agreed to return. He also said that he had ''no intention to pay
bribes to Mr. White or anyone else.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of James C. Day

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              922 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times (Munster, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 14, 2011 Saturday

Longtime Ironworker turning to lobbying

BYLINE: Bowdeya Tweh, The Times, Munster, Ind.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 320 words


May 14--The venue for the battle may change, but Ironworkers Local 395 Business
Manager Mike Summers said he's not planning to stop fighting for workers' rights
and labor unions.

Summers, who is retiring from his union position in July, plans to launch a
lobbying firm to represent the interests of labor organizations in Northwest
Indiana and around the state.

"I've been here long enough," said Summers, a 59-year-old Valparaiso resident
who has spent the last 15 years as part of the union's leadership team. "I've
been an ironworker for 40 years, and it's time some younger, more energetic
people with some new ideas get involved."

Hailing from a family with a history of being involved in labor unions, Summers
said he plans to continue his union advocacy efforts. He said he spent a lot of
time in Indianapolis earlier this year lobbying state legislators to not approve
bills deemed unfair to workers and labor groups.

"Our legislators all need to know what's going on in their districts (and) what
their people want," Summers said. "If we're not there telling them, they'll
never know."

Local 395 Business Agent Doug Strayer is expected to become business manager in
place of Summers. Summers said Strayer would be a capable leader because "he's a
bright, young guy" and comes from a family of ironworkers.

The succession for other leadership positions at the union local have yet to be
decided. Nominations for the June 25 election will be accepted Tuesday.

The local has about 1,150 members, and its territory includes Lake and Porter
counties in addition to north Newton and Jasper counties.

To see more of The Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.nwitimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Times, Munster, Ind.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110514-MU-Longtime-Ironworker-turning-to-lobbying-0514-20110514

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MU


                            Copyright 2011 The Times


                              923 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                            April 21, 2010 Wednesday

Teva spends less on lobbying;
Expenses were high in 2009 as the US healthcare reform battle raged.

BYLINE: Shiri Habib-Valdhorn

LENGTH: 227 words


Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (Nasdaq: TEVA; TASE: TEVA) spent $820,000 on
lobbying in the US in the first quarter of 2010, 13.7% less than in the
corresponding quarter of 2009, but 5.1% more than in the fourth quarter,
according to the lobbying report filed by Teva Pharmaceuticals USA Inc.

In late March, President Barack Obama succeeded in passing his healthcare reform
in Congress. Drug companies, Teva included, worked hard to promote their
interests in the run-up to the bill's passage. Teva's lobbying expenses in 2009
were more than 50% higher than in 2008.

Teva, the world's largest generic drug company, lobbied Congress, the US Patent
and Trademark Office, the US Trade Representative, and other federal government
agencies.

Other generic drug companies that reported their lobbying expenditures include
Mylan Inc. (NYSE: MYL), which spent $680,000 in the first quarter. Original drug
manufacturers spent far more that the generic companies; Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE;
LSE: PFZ) spent $4.3 million in the first quarter, and GlaxosmithKline plc
(NYSE; LSE: GSK) spent $2.2 million.

Teva's share closed at $62.26 on Nasdaq yesterday. The share price rose 1.2% by
mid-afternoon on the TASE today to NIS 233.10.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
April 21, 2010

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2010

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           December 16, 2004 Thursday
                                 SECOND EDITION

OFFICIALS AIM TO ENFORCE MADISON'S LOBBYING LAW

BYLINE: Anita Clark Wisconsin State Journal

SECTION: LOCAL/WISCONSIN; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 294 words


City officials announced Wednesday they intend to enforce Madison lobbying
ordinances to make sure the public knows who's trying to influence its
government.

City Attorney Michael May said he has heard complaints from council members and
citizens that people are not complying with legal requirements.

"I think there are a number of people who don't know what they are doing is
lobbying," May said.

City ordinances, much like state law, require anyone who is paid to try to
influence government decisions to register as a lobbyist and report his or her
expenditures.

Violations carry maximum penalties of $1,000 for lobbyists and $5,000 for their
clients, although the city said it's hoping for compliance, not prosecutions.
Changes are also proposed to make enforcement easier.

Jennifer Alexander, president of the Greater Madison Chamber of Commerce, said
it's common sense to enforce the lobbying ordinances.

"We're registered and we're in full compliance," she said. "I don't see it
reducing our involvement in any way on behalf of business."

Two lawyers who often appear before city bodies, however, described the efforts
as a meaningless generator of paperwork.

"If that's the law, fine. I'm going to comply with the law to the letter," said
attorney Michael Christopher. "But I think it is a case of regulation in search
of a problem."

He said he also fears "the little person" who tries to communicate with the city
on a property issue, for example, might be intimidated.

Attorney Ron Trachtenberg said a better idea would be to require the mayor,
council members and high-ranking city staff members to keep an electronic daily
diary about their meetings with people about proposed projects.

"I think that's fair. That way we all know how the goulash is made," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Contact Anita Clark at aclark@madison.com or 252-6138.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              925 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            April 03, 1997, Thursday

IT'S A MAYOR CULPA IN CITY LOBBY BAN

BYLINE: By JOEL SIEGEL Daily News City Hall Bureau Chief

SECTION: News; Pg.  41

LENGTH: 393 words


Mayor Giuliani yesterday backed off his vow to ban lobbying of city agencies,
conceding the idea probably was unconstitutional.

The mayor promised, however, that he will seek legislation to impose new
restrictions on lobbyists and require them to make fuller and faster disclosure
of their efforts to influence city government decisions.

The announcement came as the mayor defended a political ally against charges
that the lobbyist-lawyer used Giuliani's name in a bid to save a client's
contract with a city hospital agency.

Giuliani suddenly proposed the lobbying ban six weeks ago following disclosures
that two close advisers had built a big business lobbying his administration on
behalf of their clients.

Asked about the proposed crackdown yesterday, Giuliani said: "It is a more
intricate matter than I realized when I first said it, because you have . . . a
lot of constitutional provisions that surround it.

"I don't think it would be possible for me to legally ban lobbying," Giuliani
said. "If I did it legislatively . . . and somehow was even able to convince the
City Council of it, it probably would be declared unconstitutional."

Instead, Giuliani said he would propose new laws to require more complete and
faster financial disclosure by lobbyists.

Giuliani said he would "also continue to try to open city government so people
don't feel that they have to use lobbyists."

Even as he continued the call for new restrictions, Giuliani again defended the
lobbying work of his close advisers former running mate Herman Badillo and
Liberal Party boss Ray Harding.

Their law firm, Fischbein, Badillo, Wagner and Harding, has seen its list of
lobbying clients zoom from just three before Giuliani took office in 1994 to 68
today.

The New York Times reported yesterday that a company that had been accused of
mismanaging a $ 16 million municipal hospital system contract was allowed to
keep it after Badillo intervened on the company's behalf.

The paper quoted a former Health and Hospitals Corp. official who said he showed
the firm leniency because Badillo told him Giuliani would be angry if the
company, US Servis, lost the contract.

Giuliani said yesterday: "Mr. Badillo tells me he did not make those comments. I
have known Herman Badillo for a very long time, and I trust him, and I believe
him."

LOAD-DATE: April 04, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1997 Daily News, L.P.


                              926 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             April 25, 2014 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Medicare lobbying pays off;
10 drug firms spent $236M, see billions in reimbursements

BYLINE: Kelly Kennedy, Meghan Hoyer and Fredreka Schouten, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 391 words


The 10 drug companies that make the most money from doctors using their products
on Medicare patients spent more than $236 million to lobby Congress and the
executive branch between 2009 and 2013, according to lobbying records compiled
by the Center for Responsive Politics and new federal data.

Those efforts came as lawmakers crafted the  Affordable Care Act and as federal
regulators have sought new ways to contain costs in Medicare, the federal
insurance program for seniors.

The biggest recipient of Medicare reimbursement: Health-care company Roche and
its subsidiary Genentech, which together took in at least $1.65 billion --
nearly 28% of what Medicare paid in 2012 for medications and vaccines
administered by doctors or other health professionals under Medicare Part B, a
USA TODAY analysis shows.

Roche's divisions and Genentech spent nearly $30 million on  lobbying efforts
over the five-year period, according to federal data compiled by the
non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics. Genentech has drawn public
attention over Lucentis, the company's medication used to treat age-related
macular degeneration and other diseases of the retina.

Medicare paid more than $956million in 2012 to Genentech for Lucentis, more than
any other drug -- even as many retina specialists, backed by a two-year federal
study -- say that Avastin, another drug produced by the company approved to
treat cancer, is as effective as Lucentis at treating the eye disorder. The
disease is a leading cause of blindness in people older than 60.

Lucentis costs nearly $2,000 per injection; Avastin, about $50.

The company's lobbying efforts "involve discussions with policymakers to
encourage and support scientific innovation in the United States, including
domestic R&D," Genentech's  Charlotte Arnold said in an e-mail.

Amgen, the world's largest biotechnology company by revenue, had the biggest
lobbying bill in the period examined. It spent more than $51 million, the
center's data show. It was one of the top three recipients of drug
reimbursements from Medicare Part B, receiving at least $816 million, according
to USA TODAY's tally. "As a developer of both originator biologics and
biosimilars, Amgen supports the ability of prescribers and payers to make
appropriate decisions to substitute lower cost therapies, including
biosimilars," the company said.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 17, 2008 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

What's the Matter With Washington?

BYLINE: By MICHAEL LIND.

Michael Lind, the Whitehead senior fellow at the New America Foundation, is the
author of ''The American Way of Strategy.''

SECTION: Section BR; Column 0; Book Review Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1243 words


THE WRECKING CREW

How Conservatives Rule

By Thomas Frank

369 pp. Metropolitan Books/ Henry Holt & Company. $25

In ''The Wrecking Crew,'' the liberal journalist Thomas Frank tells the story of
free-market ideologues who came to Washington to start a revolution and built a
lucrative lobbying empire instead. Now a columnist for The Wall Street Journal,
Frank established his reputation as the editor of The Baffler and then as the
author of the best-selling ''What's the Matter With Kansas?'' (2004) by
combining two things absent from most liberal commentary: muckraking reporting
and satiric wit.

Frank's gifts as a social observer are on display in his description of the
contemporary Washington metro area: ''The airport designed by Eero Saarinen; the
shopping mall so vast it dwarfs other cities' downtowns; the finely tuned
high-performance cars zooming along an immaculate private highway; the masses of
flowers in perfectly edged beds; the gas stations with Colonial Williamsburg
cupolas; the men all in ties and starched, buttoned-down shirts; the street
names, even, recalling our cherished American values: Freedom, Market,
Democracy, Tradition and Signature Drives; Heritage Lane; Founders Way;
Enterprise, Prosperity and Executive Park Avenues; and a Chivalry Road that
leads, of course, to Valor Court.''

The growth of government as an industry, Frank notes, has transformed the
capital region: ''The richest county in America isn't in Silicon Valley or some
sugarland preserve of Houston's oil kings; it is Loudoun County, Va., a
fast-growing suburb of Washington, D.C.  The second richest county is Fairfax,
Va., the next suburb over from Loudoun; the third, sixth and seventh richest
counties are also suburbs of the capital. ''

While there were millionaires in Washington in the past, ''in those days the
millions almost always came from somewhere else.'' Since the 1980s, Washington's
''millionaires were homegrown, and the template for Washington housing was
ostentatious, aristocratic and gargantuan.'' Frank's Washington ''is a perfect
realization of the upper-bracket dream of a white-collar universe, where
economies run on the information juggling of the 'creative class' and where
manufacturing is something done by filthy brutes in far-off lands.'' And in
Washington the dominant white-collar figure is the lobbyist.

The increasing supply of lobbyists, Frank observes, ''should have driven the
price of lobbying down, not up.  The most credible explanation  is that clients
grew more and more confident that their lobbyists could deliver something of
value in exchange for their fees.  The reason companies started buying, in other
words, was that Congress began selling.'' Special-interest earmarks in
legislation by members of Congress have exploded in number, while careers in
elected or appointed office are apprenticeships for lobbying jobs.

Frank blames conservative Republicans for the recent cancerous growth of the
lobbying industry for two reasons. First, right-wingers like Tom DeLay saw K
Street as another front alongside Pennsylvania Avenue in the war on liberal
government. Even more important, according to Frank, is the contempt for
government shared by conservatives who believe that ''the liberal state has no
more claim to legitimacy than the thief who robs you at gunpoint.'' In other
words, it's O.K. to steal from robbers. Treating the scandals that brought them
down as an all but inevitable result of their ideological politics, Frank takes
DeLay, the convicted Republican lobbyist Jack Abramoff and many of their allies
on a perp walk through his pages.

Frank's analysis of why there are so many libertarian think tanks in a country
with so few libertarians is dead on: ''The reason that we have so many
well-funded libertarians in America these days is not because libertarianism
suddenly acquired an enormous grass-roots following, but because it appeals to
those who are able to fund ideas.  Libertarianism is a politics born to be
subsidized.''

Frank's portrait of the conservative movement, however, sacrifices complexity to
caricature. ''Conservatism has always been an expression of American business.''
Conservatism equals libertarianism equals plutocracy. According to Frank, Grover
Cleveland Democrats in the 1890s and Grover Norquist Republicans in the 1990s
are different incarnations of the same eternal evil: the subordination of
democracy to money.

Frank dates the beginning of the modern lobbying era to 1995 and the arrival of
Gingrich Republican idealists. That may be so, but the father of Washington
lobbying was Franklin Roosevelt's former aide Thomas Corcoran, known as Tommy
the Cork, a private figure so powerful that President Harry Truman ordered the
F.B.I. to wiretap him. Dan Rostenkowski, the powerful and corrupt Democratic
chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee in the 1980s and early 1990s,
preceded Jack Abramoff into prison. Frank holds up a minor Indiana congressman,
David McIntosh, who pushed lobbying reforms before quitting government to become
a lobbyist, as an example of conservative hypocrisy. But Fred Dutton, Robert
Kennedy's campaign manager in 1968 and the champion of a ''new politics''
uniting suburban idealists, college students and racial minorities (sound
familiar?), went on to become a lobbyist for Mobil Oil and Saudi Arabia, earning
the nickname ''Dutton of Arabia.''

Missing from ''The Wrecking Crew'' is any acknowledgment of what, from a left
perspective, should be considered good news: the defeat of the antigovernment
right in most major policy battles, from Social Security privatization to
private school vouchers. Bush's plan for Social Security was so unpopular it
never came to a vote in the Republican Congress, which enacted (to be sure, with
payoffs to pharmaceutical companies) the Medicare prescription drug benefit, the
biggest increase in government involvement in the health care industry in the
United States since Medicare's creation. Incapable of overthrowing big
government, even when they controlled all three branches, the right has been
limited to tinkering with it.

Indeed, one might argue that the defeat of the attempted libertarian revolution
puts the money-making schemes of Frank's villains in a different light. Former
young conservative firebrands like Abramoff settled for enriching themselves
precisely because they were unable to repeal the New Deal.

But ''The Wrecking Crew'' is a polemic, not a dissertation. With rare exceptions
like John Kenneth Galbraith, conservatives -- from Juvenal and Alexander Pope to
H. L. Mencken, Tom Wolfe and P. J. O'Rourke -- have been the best satirists. In
Thomas Frank, the American left has found its own Juvenal. Consider his update
of a 1945 civics primer, ''We Are the Government,'' which followed the cheerful
wanderings of a dime that paid for a variety of enlightened New Deal
regulations. In Frank's contemporary version, the dime travels from a private
government contractor to a trade association, which ''gives the dime to a
Washington consultant who specializes in fighting federal agencies, and this man
launches challenge after challenge to the studies that the agency is using.  It
takes many years for the agency to make its way through the flak thrown up by
this clever fellow. Meanwhile, with his well-earned dime, he buys himself a big
house with nice white columns in front.'' On Chivalry Road or Valor Court, no
doubt.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY FRED R. CONRAD/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                              928 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             May 20, 2004 Thursday

Council Lobbyists Spent $24.8M Last Year

BYLINE: By DINA TEMPLE - RASTON, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 321 words


Lobbyists spent some $24.8 million last year to influence City Council members
and other officials - nearly twice what lobbyists spent in 1998.

Nearly half of all the money spent came from the pockets of the city's top 10
lobbying firms, according to the survey from the City Clerk's office.

The biggest spender was Bolton St. Johns, a TriBeCa consulting firm with ties to
the city's biggest municipal union, District Council 37. It represents such
diverse interests as the Brooklyn Philharmonic, the Hebrew Academy for Special
Children, Kingsbrook Jewish Medical Center, and the Wine Institute.

Bolton St. Johns spent $1.86 million on its lobbying efforts in 2003, according
to the report.

Greenberg Traurig, which has a client list of real estate and management
companies alongside the Schoolhouse Foundation, came in a close second, spending
$1.8 million last year, the report said.

Most people associate lobbying with pending legislation and spending priorities.

Drug giant Pfizer, for example, would want to weigh in as the city mulls buying
prescription drugs from Canada to bring down costs.Their lobbyist is Bolton St.
John.

Coca-Cola Enterprises, represented by Figliola, Carl and Associates, has more
than a passing interest in the city's move toward expanding Snapple Beverages's
exclusive distribution rights in city buildings.

The clerk's report offers a peek at what various companies and associations are
spending. The Brooklyn Philharmonic Orchestra, for example, spent $17,000 last
year to sway lawmakers. DC-37, which reached a contract agreement with the city
just last month, spent $120,000 in lobbying fees. The Greater New York Hospital
Association spent $90,000 on lobbying last year, the report said.

The Cigar Association of America, which was against Mayor Bloomberg's citywide
smoking ban in restaurants and bars, seems to have given up on lobbying. It
didn't spend anything at all on lobbying fees last year.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   March 7, 1989, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

THREE HAVE BAGS PACKED; TWO STILL LOBBYING

BYLINE: JIM THOMAS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 1467 words


Nothing's official until the selection committee wraps up its work Sunday,
butOklahoma, Missouri and Kansas State should have their bags packed for NCAA
Tournament play.  And what of Oklahoma State and Iowa State? They should keep
their fingers crossed and start lobbying. Actually, the lobbying already has
started.  Iowa State (16-10) and the Cowboys (16-11) finished tied for fourth in
the Big Eight with 7-7 records. They will meet in the first round of the Big
Eight Conference Tournament on Friday in Kansas City.  Will the winner receive
an NCAA berth?  Cyclones coach Johnny Orr and OSU coach Leonard Hamilton take
things a step further. They feel both teams should be in anyway.  ''It seems
like we're right there on the bubble, so it's a very important game for us,''
Hamilton said. ''I do feel that our league deserves at least five teams to be
represented in the NCAA Tournament. No less than four.'' Orr urged the media and
the Big Eight office to take up the cause.  ''I do think we should have a
definite push and get it known that our tournament record is the best of any
conference in the last four, five years,'' Orr said.  The Cyclones have been one
of the league's hottest teams down the stretch, winning five of their last six
games. But Oklahoma State has lost three in a row since upsetting Missouri on
Feb. 22.  The numbers alone are against both Oklahoma State and Iowa State
getting in anyway. Last season, for example, only five of the NCAA's 64 berths
went to at-large teams with fewer than 19 victories. And neither Iowa State or
Oklahoma State has played a particularly impressive non-conference schedule.
Return Engagement: Former Kansas coach Larry Brown and former KU star Danny
Manning couldn't stay away from Allen Field House last Wednesda y when the
Jayhawks played their final home game of the regular season.  Brown guided the
Jayhawks to both an NCAA title and NCAA probation last season before accepting a
lucrative offer to coach the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball
Association. During a timeout early in the game against Nebraska, Brown was
introduced to a smattering of boos. The public address announcer quickly
introduced Manning, and the cheers for him drowned out any jeers for Brown.
''When I heard Larry Brown and Danny Manning, I knew we were in trouble,''
Nebraska coach Danny Nee quipped.  Maybe he was right because the Jayhawks won
80-71.  ''It was a thrill to have Danny back,'' KU senior Milt Newton said. ''It
brought back a lot of memories.'' Changing His Tune: When Missouri defeated
Colorado 84-75 on Jan. 7, Buffaloes center Shaun Vandiver thought MU coach Norm
Stewart was making fun of CU during the game.  ''We saw him laughing. He's cocky
and he's arrogant,'' Vandiver said.  The ailing Stewart has been sidelined for
the last month and after CU's 66-65 loss Saturday at Missouri, Vandiver was
asked why the Tigers were struggling.  ''Coach Stewart,'' Vandiver said. ''Once
they lost coach Stewart, they lost their touch. If Coach (Tom) Miller went down,
I think we'd be even worse.'' That's hard to imagine if you're a CU fan.
Saturday's loss was the 45th in a row for the Buffaloes in a Big Eight
Conference road game.  ''We have to think for the rest of our lives that we
never won a road game,'' Buffs senior David Kuosman said.  Injured CU senior
Brian Robinson waxed philosophic before the Buffaloes' last home game of the
season Wednesday against Iowa State.  ''In this world, it's the W's and L's that
count,'' he said. ''I don't care if you're playing the University of Little
People 20 times. You win 20 games and get into the Top 20 - that's what people
look at.'' Block Party: No one was more surprised with his victory-saving
blocked shot Saturday than Kansas forward Mark Randall. Randall, a 6-foot-9
forward, blocked a last-second shot by Oklahoma State's Thomas Jordan that
preserved KU's 79-78 upset victory.  ''This is definitely the biggest block of
my career,'' Randall said jokingly.  Jokingly, because it was only his second
blocked shot of the season and the third of his career.  ''I used to block shots
in high school, but since college I haven't,'' he said. ''I couldn't even tell
you when the last one was.'' Mario Has Left The Building: The Rocky Mountain
News of Denver reports that Missouri football player Mario Johnson was asked to
leave the Bicentennial Center in Salina, Kan., after continually harassing
referees working Sunday's Big Eight Conference Women's Tournament semifinal game
between Missouri and Colorado.  In the game, which was won by Colorado 83-67,
Missouri was called for 35 fouls to 20 for the Buffaloes. Two Missouri players
fouled out, and five others finished the game with four fouls apiece. According
to the News, Johnson was seated behind the Tigers bench and jumped up a number
of times to hurl verbal abuse at refs.  In the second half, a security guard
came over to Johnson and escorted him out of the building.  Johnson, a
lineman-fullback, was the prize recruit in former coach Woody Widenhofer's last
recruiting class but sat out last season as a Proposition 48 casualty. Johnson
organized an ill-fated campaign by Mizzou freshmen to save Widenhofer's job late
last season.  Players' Choice: The Kansas City Times has released its second
annual Players' All-Big Eight team, as chosen by league players. Named to the
first team were centers Stacey ''Sky'' King of Oklahoma and Victor ''Pasta''
Alexander of Iowa State and guards Byron Irvin of Missouri, Steve Henson of
Kansas State and Mookie Blaylock of Oklahoma.  Parade's Choice: Three Big Eight
recruits made Parade magazine's All-American high school team released this
weekend.  Named to the second team was 6-foot-8 Jeff Webster of Carl Albert High
in Midwest City, Okla., who is headed to Oklahoma.  Named to the third team were
6-7 Orlando Lightfoot of Chattanooga (Tenn.) High, who also is headed to OU, and
5-11 Travis Ford of North Hopkins High in Madisonville, Ky., who signed last
fall with Missouri.  The 32nd annual Parade team included 40 players - 10 apiece
on first, second, third and fourth teams.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              930 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 10, 1984 Friday

Wooing   lesser   lights

BYLINE: ORLAND FRENCH; GAM

LENGTH: 730 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


ORLAND FRENCH
   WASHINGTON
 THE SECOND most important industry in this town must be lobbying. Where
 lobbying in Ottawa is done discreetly out of tiny tucked-away offices in
 obscure office buildings, here it is carried out blatantly in buildings
 boldly declaring themselves to be the headquarters of the American
 Railroad Association or the National Rifle Association.

Sometimes the lobbying industry goes mobile, as it did yesterday. It
 took to the streets of Washington in a three-car cavalcade identified by a
 tiny maple leaf flag on the right front fender of the lead Chevy. The
 lobbyist inside was William G. Davis, Premier of Ontario, the Canadian
 province somewhere north of New York State and the one directly downwind
 from the Ohio Valley acid rain assembly line.

Would you agree you were here to lobby? he was asked. "Lobby . . .
 that's a more exciting word to use," he replied. "That's not why I'm here
 but I am," he explained with his customary precision.

But of course he was. He put in a busy day, scurrying from office to
 office with the speed of a Beirut evacuation. Acid rain, quotas on steel
 and copper imports, the auto pact and the beef industry were on his mind.

This was a visit instigated by Canada's ambassador, Alan Gotlieb. He
 suggested last fall that Premier Davis, as head of the largest
 manufacturing province in Canada, should visit Washington to underline the
 Canadian Government's fears about a growing desire for trade protectionism
 among U.S. politicians.
                                Early meeting
   For instance, Democratic Congressman Sam Gibbons, chairman of the
 subcommittee on trade, has proposed legislation which could damage
 Canadian trade because it would limit importation of anything produced
 with government subsidies. Mr. Davis met Congressman Gibbons first thing
 yesterday morning.

He felt Congressman Gibbons's vague definition of subsidy could include
 anything produced by industry which had received tax breaks from
 government, research and development grants, or domestic energy purchased
 at the lower level of a two-tier pricing system. In short, almost anything
 produced by any manufacturer.

These and other protectionist measures had worried the federal
 Government sufficiently to mount a strong lobbying campaign. At the end of
 the day, Mr. Davis said he did not detect any movement by the Reagan
 Administration toward increased protectionism. He said he felt that
 protectionist bills were not likely to pass.

Although Mr. Davis was shepherded around all day by embassy personnel
 in embassy staff cars, he did not meet President Reagan. That privilege is
 reserved for heads of state. Besides, Mr. Reagan had flown to California,
 a continent farther from Lebanon. The Premier's time was occupied in
 meeting such second-rank luminaries as Secretary of Commerce Malcolm
 Baldridge, Al Alm, deputy administrator of the Environmental Protection
 Agency, and having lunch with Secretary of Agriculture John Block. They
 ate beef while discussing red-meat policies.
                               Gained nothing
   The acid rain discussion with Mr. Alm produced nothing substantial. Mr.
 Davis came away "not encouraged but not discouraged". This is his quaint
 way of saying he knew what Mr. Alm was going to say, since President
 Reagan has decided that the best way to kill acid rain is to study it to
 death.
    "I expressed my personal disappointment that we were not making more
 progress," Mr. Davis said. "The problem is present and needs to be
 pursued." At the very least, he came away with the feeling that Mr. Alm
 and the EPA did not agree with some Americans that Canada was whining a
 lot about acid rain while doing very little.

Last night the lobbying session continued with a dinner party at the
 home of Ambassador Gotlieb. On the guest list were congressmen and
 senators from Ontario's neighboring states, a number of American
 journalists, and a couple of representatives of some of Washington's best-
 known professional lobbying firms.

Mr. Davis took only half an hour for touristing yesterday. He dropped
 into the diplomatic gallery of the Senate just in time to hear Senator
 Strom Thurmond of South Carolina describe in graphic, gruesome and gory
 detail murders and rapes and mutilations which he said merited the return
 of the death penalty.

Senator Thurmond's speech was definitely not the Premier's style of
 low-profile lobbying.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              931 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                              July 19, 2010 Monday

Teva's US lobbying bills fall;
Teva lobbies Congress, the US administration, the Office of Patents and
Trademarks, US Trade Representative, and other federal agencies.

BYLINE: Shiri Habib-Valdhorn

LENGTH: 167 words


Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (Nasdaq: TEVA; TASE: TEVA) spent $1.66
billion on lobbying in the US in the first half, 7% less than in the first half
of 2009. The company spent $840,000 on lobbying in the second quarter of 2010,
the same as in the corresponding quarter of 2009, according to the lobbying
report filed by Teva Pharmaceuticals USA Inc. Spending rose 2.4% over the first
quarter.

Teva lobbies Congress, the US administration, the Office of Patents and
Trademarks, US Trade Representative, and other federal agencies.

Germany's Ratiopharm GmbH, which Teva acquired in March, today reported that
first half revenue rose 1%, while its earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) rose 20% to  158 million.

Teva's share price opened at $54.33 on Nasdaq today. The share price rose 0.2%
on the TASE today to NIS 207.50.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
July 19, 2010

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2010

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           December 28, 2006 Thursday

Two ex-Gonzales aides face felony charges DA accuses pair of grand theft,
perjury and conspiracy to break lobbying laws

BYLINE: Sean Webby and John Woolfolk, Mercury News

LENGTH: 210 words


Two former mayoral aides to outgoing San Jose Mayor Ron Gonzales were charged
with a series of felonies today alleging they broke lobbying laws after becoming
private consultants, the Mercury News has learned.

Tony Arreola and Sharanjit ``Sean'' Kali-Rai were charged with grand theft,
perjury and conspiracy to violate city lobbying ordinances, according to Santa
Clara County Assistant District Attorney Stephen Gibbons. They could face up to
five years and four months if convicted, according to the prosecutor.

``We are certainly concerned about lobbyist issues and conduct in our
community,'' said Gibbons. ``We are talking about lobbyists who didn't comply
with the law.''

Craig Brown, who is representing both defendants, said the charges were rehashed
from a city investigation two years ago that ultimately was dropped.

``There is absolutely nothing new here,'' Brown told the Mercury News. ``Our
feelings are exactly the same as our feelings were then: There is no violation
of city rules and there is absolutely no violations of any criminal statute.''

Brown said he suspected there were other motivations behind the charges.

``Why now? What happened to re-raise this rather dormant thing three years
later? Who raised it?'' Brown said. ``It's all politics.''

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   January 19, 2000, Wednesday, Home Edition

Super Bowl in 2005 is 'free-for-all';
 March to Atlanta: Super Bowl XXXIV: 6 p.m. Jan. 30, Georgia Dome. TV: ABC

BYLINE: Mark Schlabach, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 5F

LENGTH: 259 words

Atlanta will host its second Super Bowl in six years in the Georgia Dome on Jan.
30. But Super Bowl XXXIV also might be another dress rehersal for the city.

Atlanta is among four cities lobbying for Super Bowl XXXIX in 2005. The NFL's
special-events committee will hear preliminary proposals in March at the
league's annual meeting in Palm Beach, Fla.

Three Florida cities --- Jacksonville, Miami and Tampa --- also are expected to
submit bids for the 2005 game.

"That year could be the free-for-all," said Jim Steeg, the NFL's vice president
for special events and the person in charge of coordinating Super Bowls.

Sites for the next three Super Bowls are set --- Tampa in 2001, New Orleans in
2002 and San Diego in 2003.

Houston, which was awarded a new NFL franchise last year, is the favorite to
host pro football's title game in 2004.

"If (Houston) gets all its stuff together," Steeg said. "They've learned that
it's a little more complicated than it seemed at first light. They've been
working on it pretty intensively for the last month and a half."

Detroit also is lobbying to get back into the game. The Detroit/Wayne County
Stadium Authority broke ground on a new $ 300 million domed stadium in November.
It is expected to open in 2002.

Detroit, whose best shot might come in 2006, would become the first Northern
city to be host to two Super Bowls. Super Bowl XVI --- in which San Francisco
won the first of its five titles with a 26-21 victory over Cincinnati --- was
played in January 1982 in the Pontiac Silverdome.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              934 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            January 15, 2017 Sunday

Four officials head to Washington for a mayors conference

BYLINE: Jim Steinberg; jsteinberg@scng.com @JamesDSteinberg on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 407 words

ABSTRACT

Coming trip to Washington will pay off for Rialto, Scott said.

FULL TEXT

RIALTO >> Four city of Rialto officials are heading to Washingtonthis weekfor a
fundraising lobbying effort, a mayors conference, and three of them will attend
the inauguration of Donald Trump as the 45th president of the United States.

Despite what has been circulating on at least one internet site, Rialto Mayor
Deborah Robertson will be flying back Thursday to attend a scholarship banquet -
and not the inauguration.

"Every four years, the United States Conference of Mayors coordinates and aligns
its event with the inauguration," Robertson said, in a telephone interview
Friday.

Mayor Pro Tem Ed Scott, Police Chief Randy De Anda and Police Lt. Paul Stella
will attend portions of the 85th Winter Meeting of the U.S. Conference of
Mayors, do lobbying and attend the inauguration, Robertson said.

"The trip is about us lobbying for federal funding to bring money back to the
city," saidScott.

On Tuesday, the City Council approved a "travel and training" request for De
Anda and Stella to be along for the trip.

Scott said since July 2014, such lobbying efforts have brought in $17.8 million
in federal dollars.

"Police get rooms at half the price," he said.

Last year, when De Anda also attended the mayors' winter meeting, the city
netted $8.5 million in federal funding, and of that $4 million was for the
police department, Scott said.

In 2015, when the police chief did not go, Rialto brought back $3.5 million in
funding, he  said.

The team will fly in on Monday, Martin Luther King Jr. Day, and have a strategy
session meeting with the city's lobbyist Monday evening, Robertson said.

The next three days are very packed with meetings with many federal agencies and
other organizations, including the Department of Justice, Food and Drug
Administration, Mothers Against Drunk Driving, as well as congressional and
senate offices, Scott said.

An internet posting blasted Robertson for not being a fan of Trump while
watching the inauguration on the taxpayers' dime.

However, Robertson said shewill be attending a banquet Thursday evening in Chino
where her daughter, MileleRobertson, will be awarded a scholarship to a San Jose
State University master's program in transportation management.

Milele Robertson is a right-of-way agent for Caltrans in San Bernardino. As for
her feelings on Trump, Mayor Robertson said, "Come Jan. 20, he is president of
the United States."

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2017 MediaNews Group, Inc. Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 9, 2002 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Ethics Panel Pulls Once-Top Lobbyist's License;
Conviction in Md. Corruption Case Cited;
Evans Calls Ruling 'Just Outrageous' and Vows to Appeal

BYLINE: Matthew Mosk, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 774 words


The Maryland State Ethics Commission has voted to permanently revoke the
lobbying license of Gerard E. Evans, banning the lobbyist from a profession he
dominated before being jailed for defrauding corporate clients.

Lawmakers viewed the ruling, made public yesterday, as a critical first test of
the state's toughened ethics provisions and as a bold statement that leaders in
Annapolis will no longer tolerate corruption.

"These laws have teeth, and they were meant to have teeth," said House Speaker
Casper R. Taylor Jr. (D-Allegany). "When you put a sanction in the law that
takes away somebody's ability to make a living, you are serious. And that's
exactly what the legislature wanted."

Evans, 46, said yesterday that he will immediately appeal the ruling to the
courts, setting the stage for lengthy litigation that might enable him to lobby
the legislature next year while the outcome remains in doubt.

In an interview yesterday, Evans called the decision "just outrageous. It's
unfortunate that their first act [using the new laws] is to act illegally. I'm
going to keep working until we get a proper judicial review."

Ethics Commission members said in an 18-page opinion that they yanked Evans's
license based on a provision of a 1999 law barring lobbyists convicted of ethics
infractions from ever reviving their practices. The law was written specifically
with Evans in mind.

To allow Evans to return to lobbying in Annapolis would disregard the
legislature's intent, they argued. Ending his lobbying career, the ruling
concludes, "is necessary to protect the public confidence in government as well
as the integrity of the governmental process."

Evans announced his plans to revive his lobbying practice in May, just two weeks
after his early release from a 30-month federal prison sentence. He registered
with the commission to represent a handful of high-profile clients, including
Baltimore Orioles owner Peter G. Angelos and chapters of the state's largest
police union.

At the time, Evans predicted an outcry, but he said the timing of the 1999 law
kept it from applying to him: It was signed by the governor after his
indictment, and it did not take effect until after his conviction.

Some lawmakers agreed that he will have a compelling case on appeal, noting that
the Maryland attorney general issued an opinion June 5 that explicitly supported
Evans's position. That opinion said the commission could not punish Evans
retroactively for behavior that occurred before the law went on the books.

But in yesterday's opinion, the commissioners rejected the attorney general's
analysis, saying they are not acting retroactively. Rather, they argue that they
are responding to a complaint filed after he registered this year and that they
are taking into account his past behavior, as the 1999 law allows.

The commission could face ethical complications during an appeal because under
the law, it is supposed to be represented by the attorney general's office. Not
only has the office provided a conflicting opinion on the subject, but Evans was
campaign manager for Attorney General J. Joseph Curran (D) in the 1980s.

Chairman Charles O. Monk II said the commission has not resolved how to handle
those conflicts.

Sen. Brian E. Frosh (D-Montgomery) said that no matter how the appeal is
handled, the commission's actions mark a clear break with the high-profile
scandals that have plagued Annapolis.

Since 1998, a Maryland state senator has been expelled for ethical infractions,
a delegate resigned amid conflict-of-interest allegations, two top-earning
lobbyists were convicted of fraud and the powerful Senate president was rebuked
for improperly contacting judges during the redistricting process.

"I think what we've done is taken strong steps to reign in corruption," said
Frosh, who filed the complaint about Evans's license. "I think this decision is
evidence that we've done the right thing."

But Republicans see more evidence of a broken system. Kevin Igoe, a GOP
consultant on several legislative races this fall, said Evans's case should
serve as a reminder to the public that Maryland lacks a vibrant two-party
system.

"Anytime we see the specter of corruption, the public can see evidence that we
need to have two viable parties," Igoe said.

But Taylor said the ruling should silence Republicans -- particularly
gubernatorial candidate Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. -- who have argued during this
campaign season that Annapolis is a place where corruption goes unchecked.

"I think this flies in the face of that despicable rhetoric," Taylor said.

Staff writer Lori Montgomery contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              936 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                            April 26, 2001 Thursday

House revives school lobbying disclosure bill

BYLINE: Pat Mack

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 393 words


A bill to require schools to disclose lobbying expenses was revived by the House
Taxes Committee Monday.

The measure, which is being sponsored by Rep. Gene Pelowski, DFL-Winona, and
Rep. Marty Siefert, R-Marshall, had failed to be approved by a policy committee
by last month's deadline. But the Taxes Committee is not subject to that
deadline, and Monday morning committee members heard the bill.

The legislation was significantly different than first envisioned.

The authors removed provisions that would require districts to account for all
expenses relating to lobbying. Siefert said he dropped that provision after
concerns were raised that it would be an accounting nightmare to try to track
expenses like every long-distance phone call, gallon of gas used for travel or
folders purchased to mail to legislators.

Now the bill would require school districts to include estimated lobbying
expenses in the public notice advertisement already required before a
truth-in-taxation hearing on property tax levies.

The expenses would be an estimate of money paid to lobbyists or money spent by
district employees who spend over 25 percent of their time on legislative
matters.

Districts already prepare that estimate of expenses for the state auditor's
office.

Pelowski said one government body in his area considered hiring a lobbyist for
$30,000 three times. But each time it decided against it. He would not name the
local government subdivision involved.

"It's an extremely poor use of tax dollars," Pelowski said, adding legislators
are elected to represent the concerns of communities in their districts.

But some committee members said they don't always agree with what local
officials are hoping to accomplish at the state level.

Pelowski said the bill does not prohibit schools from hiring a lobbyist, it only
helps inform the public of the costs involved.

"In many cases, constituents don't know schools are hiring lobbyists," Siefert
said.

Eight school districts in the state that hire their own lobbyist. Most districts
belong to organizations that lobby on their behalf, such as the Minnesota
Association of School Administrators and the Minnesota School Board Association.

Committee Chairman Ron Abrams, R-Minnetonka, laid the bill over for possible
inclusion in the omnibus tax bill being assembled by the committee.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              937 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           December 28, 1998, Monday

Policies for cancer promoted

BYLINE: BY KALPANA SRINIVASAN

SECTION: INSURANCE; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 452 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Long seen as a gimmick that preyed on the fears of the elderly, cancer insurance
is gaining new ground by offering flexible benefits and promoting itself with
heavy advertising and lobbying. Providers of such single-disease policies may
have touched a new fear among Americans: not just that they will be struck with
a life-threatening illness, but also that the current state of health insurance
will make it impossible to afford the care they need. Companies have used
aggressive lobbying in an effort to shed their image as a bad deal and to ease
state and federal restrictions. And some people are responding. Over the past
few years, companies have had some success improving their reputation with
aggressive lobbying: * New York state last February lifted a 23-year-old ban on
cancer insurance. American Family Life Assurance Co., of Columbus, Ga., had
spent $65,000 in donations to state politicians since 1995. From 1992 to 1998,
Aflac also spent more than $300, 000 on lobbying. * Connecticut lawmakers in
1996 voted to allow companies to sell disease-specific insurance, ending a
21-year ban. Aflac spent more than $161,000 on lobbyists there from 1995 to
1997. * And in New Jersey, which still has a cancer policy ban, Aflac spent
nearly $300,000 on lobbyists from 1995 to 1997. Federal regulations also have
been loosened. Congress in 1994 dropped a ban on the sale of benefits that
overlap with Medicare. Instead, policies were required simply to carry a warning
that supplemental policies must pay even if they overlap. Then in 1996, Congress
in a little-noticed amendment to massive insurance legislation - the
Kennedy-Kassebaum bill - changed the language on disclosures, softening it in
consumer groups' view. "" What we have seen is a gradual erosion over the last
five years of the protections seniors have,'' says Gail Shearer of Consumers
Union. Aflac has given hundreds of thousands of dollars since 1993 to key
members of Congress, including Rep. Michael ""Mac'' Collins, R-Ga., who
introduced the Kennedy- Kassebaum provision. Aflac and other companies, however,
say the new labels simply clarify that cancer policies must pay. The cancer
insurance field is growing ""either due to concerns about reduced reimbursement
through major medical plans, or lack of flexibility of managed care,'' said
Kathelen Spencer, spokeswoman for Aflac, which sold nearly $98 million in new
policies in 1997 with annual premiums from $250 to $350. Indeed, most people
polled this year want HMOs - now the dominant type of health insurance - to
provide broader coverage, including for specialists. Even though more states now
permit cancer policies' sale, they still worry about consumer confusion.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              938 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                          December 23, 2015 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

BILL WOULD PREVENT WISCONSIN LAWMAKERS FROM LOBBYING FOR ONE YEAR AFTER LEAVING
OFFICE

BYLINE:  by JESSIE OPOIEN

SECTION: THE CAP TIMES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 309 words


State lawmakers would have to wait one year after leaving office before becoming
a registered lobbyist under a bill heard last Thursday by a Senate committee.

The bipartisan proposal was introduced by Sen. Duey Stroebel, R-Saukville, and
Rep. Dana Wachs, D-Eau Claire. If passed, Wisconsin would join more than 30
other states with so-called "revolving door" protections that apply to
legislators.

The state has an existing policy that applies to public officials in charge of
regulatory decisions, but lawmakers are not covered by that.

Stroebel said the bill could be compared to a non-compete agreement in the
private sector.

"When you are elected to public office, you are there to represent the people,
and I don't think it's fair to sometimes take some of that 'insider' knowledge
and use that purely to your own benefit, potentially the day after one leaves
office," Stroebel said.

For instance, last year, Stroebel's former congressional opponent, Joe Leibham,
was named the head of the lobbying firm Foley & Lardner two days after he
resigned from office.

Stroebel and Wachs said the bill seeks to address a growing public distrust of
elected officials. Lobbying is an important part of government, Stroebel said,
but an immediate jump from public office to lobbying can fuel the public's
negative perception.

There are still many opportunities for a former elected official to participate
in government for that one-year period, Stroebel added.

Committee members generally voiced support for the proposal.

"It's wonderful to see a good bipartisan bill," said Sen. Bob Wirch, D-Somers.
"It's just a great idea. One need only look at the school choice lobbyists
around the halls of this building ... it's a 'who's who' of former Republican
leaders. And I think that's shameful that they use their influence that way. So
this bill is a breath of fresh air."

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MICHELLE STOCKER The Assembly Chamber

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                           February 3, 2007 Saturday
                                 Metro Edition

Public invited along for IUSB lobbying trip;
Bus will travel Feb. 20 to state legislature.

BYLINE: Tribune Staff Report

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 209 words


SOUTH BEND -- Community residents and students, employees and alumni of Indiana
University South Bend are invited to "Get on the Bus" for an upcoming lobbying
trip to Indianapolis and the state legislature.

The bus trip will be Feb. 20, leaving at 9 a.m. and returning after 9 p.m.

All IU campuses will be sending students and others for the day of lobbying and
visiting with legislators.

Locally, the goal is to garner approval for $27.8 million in state money to
renovate the Associates Building on the IUSB campus into a modern classroom
facility. When renovated, the building will house the School of Education, as
well as the fine arts and dental programs. The 125,000-square-foot facility will
be called the Education and Arts Building.

The Indiana General Assembly is considering the 2007-09 budget. IU has submitted
an appropriations request that includes seven projects, including the IUSB
project.

The buses will leave at 9 a.m. from the Administration Building circle on
Mishawaka Avenue. A box lunch will be provided. The schedule includes visits to
local legislators at the Statehouse at 3 p.m. and a reception at the Indiana
Roof Ballroom.

To register for the trip, call the IUSB alumni office at (574) 520-4381.
Deadline for reservations is Feb. 13.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             March 28, 2006 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

Reed off the hook: Texas case too old;
Prosecutor ends lobbying probe

BYLINE: JIM GALLOWAY

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 924 words


A Texas prosecutor on Monday announced that time had run out and he would not
pursue a misdemeanor criminal investigation into whether Ralph Reed violated his
state's lobbying laws.

Travis County Attorney David Escamilla said Reed's activities raised "legitimate
questions," but a two-year statute of limitations prevented him from pursing the
case. Travis County includes the state capital of Austin.

"There's smoke," said Escamilla. "And we have the tools, via grand juries and
subpoenas, to go find out if there's fire. But all of the smoke relates to a
time period I can't do anything about."

A spokesman for Reed, now running for lieutenant governor of Georgia, declared
the Republican candidate exonerated. "This politically-motivated complaint by
far-left groups had no basis in fact and we are pleased it is concluded," said
campaign manager Jared Thomas. "Ralph fully complied with the spirit and letter
of Texas law."

Texans for Public Justice, a liberal government watchdog group, asked Escamilla
three months ago to examine Reed's anti-gambling activities in Texas in 2001 and
2002, on behalf of a casino-owning Coushatta tribe in Louisiana --- a client of
now-disgraced Washington lobbyist Jack Abramoff. The group alleged Reed, who did
not register as a lobbyist, improperly contacted Texas officials as part of the
campaign.

The preliminary inquiry by Escamilla, a first-term Democrat, later was expanded
to include Reed's 2002 lobbying work in Texas for Channel One, a company that
beams educational TV programs, with commercials, into public schools.

Despite his decision not to prosecute, Escamilla cited "legitimate questions
concerning Mr. Reed's activities and possible violation of Texas law."

With the primary campaign season fast approaching, the issue is unlikely to
disappear. "Ralph Reed has done everything possible to avoid revealing any of
the details of his extensive relationship with convicted felon Jack Abramoff,"
said Brad Alexander, a spokesman for Reed's rival, state Sen. Casey Cagle
(R-Gainesville). "He is now hiding behind a legal technicality to avoid telling
the truth about his activities in Texas."

Matt Towery, an Atlanta pollster and political analyst, said the announcement
amounts to a mixed blessing. "This is good news for Ralph Reed in the sense that
he doesn't have a criminal prosecution to be concerned about," Towery said.

But the fact that the prosecutor listed the statute of limitations as his only
reason for not pursing a criminal case is a point likely to be made in TV ads
this summer, said Towery, a former GOP legislator.

In making his decision, Escamilla said evidence he examined consisted primarily
of documents made public by the U.S. Senate Indian Affairs Committee, which over
the past 18 months has examined Abramoff's relationships with his six Indian
tribe clients, who hired him to protect or advance their gambling interests.

Abramoff pleaded guilty in January to bilking his tribal clients of millions,
and to bribery of a public official.

Through Abramoff, Reed was paid $4 million by the Lousiana Coushattas to conduct
anti-gambling campaigns in Louisiana and Texas, to protect the tribe's market
share.

Reed has said he didn't know the Coushattas were behind his efforts, and now
regrets his association with Abramoff. But e-mails at the time show Abramoff
openly discussing the tribal source of funding with Reed.

In Texas, Reed had three tasks: to push John Cornyn, then the Republican
attorney general, to close an illegal casino operated by the Tigua tribe in El
Paso; to push Cornyn to file a similar lawsuit against the Alabama Coushatta
tribe in Texas; and to kill bills in the Texas Legislature that would have
allowed both tribes to operate their gambling establishments

According to Texas' lobbying law, contact of any sort by a paid agent with a
Texas legislator or state administrator or any staffer can require registration
as a lobbyist --- and disclosure of the client whose interests are being served.

In e-mails to Abramoff made public by the Senate committee, Reed makes several
references to contact with Cornyn, who is now a U.S. senator, and other state
officials. A spokesman for Reed denies that any direct contacts were made.

Escamilla said the case involving Reed's lobbying for Channel One, in which Reed
is alleged to have called members of the Texas school board, may have been even
stronger.

The key question, the prosecutor said, was whether Reed fell under an exemption
of Texas' lobbying law. Those who spend less than 5 percent of their time
lobbying in Texas during a three-month period don't have to register.

"Mr. Reed has no doubt made a great deal of money as part of all these
activities," Escamilla said. "But what I would have to do is know whether he
spent more than 5 percent of his compensated time in any calendar quarter [on
Texas issues]."

To do that, the prosecutor said, he would need to look at the financial
statements of Reed's firm, Century Strategies of Duluth. But that would require
a grand jury to issue a subpoena --- which was precluded by the statute of
limitations, Escamilla said.

The prosecutor said that throughout his examination of the issue, he had no
contact with Reed or his attorneys.

Craig McDonald, director of the group that brought the complaint against Reed,
was philosophical about the decision not to press charges.

"Given the prosecutor's conclusion that the statute of limitations for such a
crime grants Mr. Reed a walk, we reluctantly leave final judgment in this matter
to higher powers," McDonald said.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              941 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    December 25, 1998, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

NATION IN BRIEF;
Christmas lights are recalled

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22A

LENGTH: 699 words


Two companies are recalling about 176,000 sets of miniature Christmas lights
because they present a fire and electrocution hazard, the Consumer Product
Safety Commission announced Thursday. Although it has not received any reports
of injuries, the commission said the light sets are poorly constructed. They
have undersize wires and lack a fuse to protect against overheating, and the
wires can easily pull out of the plugs, the commission said. Yang Lin Trading,
Inc. distributed about 130,000 strings of multicolored lights, including strings
of 100 lights with five-way flashing and strings of 140 lights with music. The
packaging reads ''Juego de luces de Navidad.'' Wholesale World distributed about
46,600 strings of 50 and 100 lights, in both clear and multicolored sets. They
have UPC codes 97411-13050 or 97411-13100. The lights were sold in small
discount stores in Texas, Pennsylvania, California, Illinois, New York and
Arizona. Amtrak settles suits in worst U.S. train wreck Amtrak has settled 42
lawsuits filed by families of passengers killed in the deadliest train wreck in
Amtrak history. The as-yet-undisclosed payoff will come in one lump sum to be
divided up by a federal judge, said Gregory Breedlove, a lawyer for the
families. On a foggy September day in 1993, a towboat plowed a barge into a
railroad bridge near Mobile, Ala. Minutes later, the Sunset Limited, with 210
passengers aboard, hit the bent tracks and plunged into the bayou. Forty-two
passengers and five crew members were killed.
 Harvard won't allow ex-senator to lobby Former Sen. Alan Simpson (R-Wyo.)
learned a hard political lesson at Harvard: Academia and lobbying don't mix.
After Harvard objected, Simpson delayed joining the lobbying firm Tongour &
Scott as a senior counselor. Simpson is as director of the Institute of Politics
at the Kennedy School of Government in Cambridge, Mass. Tongour & Scott canceled
plans to add Simpson's name to its letterhead until after he completes his
Harvard stint.
 As family mourns, house is burglarized While three brothers were at a funeral
home in St. Louis, Mich., mourning their mother's sudden death, someone was at
their house stealing the $ 519 they were given by local businesses to help them
get through the holidays. Police said the thief came through an unlocked back
door and also stole video games, CDs and videos from the family of Lois
Crossley, 43, who died of an apparent heart attack the day before.
 Clinton goes shopping at Peace Corps store President Clinton joined millions of
other Americans on Thursday, finishing last-minute shopping on a Christmas Eve
that otherwise was quiet. The president headed out shortly after 1 p.m. to pick
up gifts for those remaining on his list. He did the bulk of his shopping on
Wednesday at a store in the Peace Corps headquarters. He also recorded his
weekly radio address. Clinton, his wife and daughter were spending the holiday
at the White House with relatives and friends.
 Suspected hit man indicted on new counts A man accused but never convicted of
leading a crew of free-lance hit men and being responsible for hundreds of
murders has been indicted in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., on murder-for-hire and other
counts. Barry ''the Bear'' Hunwick, 53, was indicted Tuesday on two counts of
using interstate commerce to commit murder for hire, one count of using a
handgun and silencer in a violent felony and two weapons counts.
 Holdup man killed robbing ATM stocker An armored car guard shot and killed a
man who apparently tried to rob him while he was restocking an ATM machine
inside a Miami Publix supermarket. The wounded suspect made it out of the store
and collapsed behind the guard's armored truck. Witnesses said two other
suspects fled in a pickup truck.
 Courthouse unveils Thurmond portrait A new portrait of U.S. Sen. Strom Thurmond
(R-S.C.), who is 96, now hangs in the Edgefield County Courthouse, replacing an
earlier painting of when Thurmond was a judge there. The portrait by Janet
Flemming Smith was unveiled Wednesday during a special court session. It
portrays a profile of 40-year-old Thurmond as a judge. The other portrait was of
a slightly older Thurmond.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

GRAPHIC: Photo MCGUIRE_RETURNS_JAR.JP298746:
 Home for the holidays: Dressed as Santa Claus, Staff Sgt. Allen Dick
 greets troops of the 305th Air Mobility Wing as they returned Thursday
 to McGuire Air Force Base in New Jersey from service in Operation Desert
 Fox./ JEFF ZELEVANSKY / Associated Press

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              942 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      March 16, 1997, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

SPECIAL REPORT;
Grand juries scrutinize lobbying in five states;
Former GTECH official guilty in N.J. case

BYLINE: Richard Whitt; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Pg. 07F

LENGTH: 653 words


GTECH Corp.'s spectacular success at winning lottery contracts has been closely
followed by the FBI.

Federal grand juries have investigated GTECH's aggressive lobbying for vendor
contracts in at least five states but have never charged the company with
wrongdoing.

GTECH's former national sales manager, J. David Smith, is awaiting sentencing
for his conviction for fraud in New Jersey for taking kickbacks from GTECH
subcontractors. Similar charges were dismissed at trial in Kentucky.

In Georgia, FBI agents showed up at lottery headquarters in 1993, about a month
after GTECH won a contract worth $ 35 million to $ 50 million a year to run this
state's lottery computer system.

"They were looking at the initial award process," recalls Wanda Wilson, senior
vice president and general counsel for the Georgia Lottery.

That probe ended recently without indictments after more than three years.

"We cooperated fully, providing documents in response to a subpoena," said GTECH
spokesman Bob Rendine. Rendine said GTECH was never a target of the
investigation in Georgia and federal prosecutors have told the company's
attorneys that the case is closed.

But federal grand juries in New Jersey and Texas continue to probe allegations
of corruption.

Government documents in New Jersey also allege fraud by Smith and others
involving the New York lottery, although no criminal charge has been filed.

Smith allegedly took $ 132,613 in kickbacks from consultants hired by GTECH to
help win the New York lottery contract, according to a pre- sentencing report
that was obtained by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution and subsequently sealed by
the court. Investigators believe the alleged kickback scheme in New York was
"remarkably similar" to the New Jersey fraud, the records show.

The Texas Lottery Commission began an investigation last November after it was
revealed that GTECH had employed the boyfriend of the lottery director, Nora
Linares, as a consultant in New Mexico for a period several years ago. Linares
was fired, although she denied knowing about the payments. She filed suit asking
that she be reinstated but settled with the lottery commission.

A federal grand jury has been investigating the relationship between former
Texas Lt. Gov. Ben Barnes and Smith since it was revealed that Barnes, after he
left office, was getting 4 percent of GTECH's earnings from the Texas lottery as
a consultant.

Kimberly M. Guadagno, assistant U.S. attorney in Newark, N.J., alleges in court
documents that Barnes has paid Smith more than $ 500,000 in kickbacks. The
payments appear remarkably similar to the scheme in New Jersey for which Smith
and another man were convicted of fraud, Guadagno said.

Barnes earned $ 3.2 million under the consulting contract in 1993, according to
court testimony, and possibly as much as $ 5 million last year, based on GTECH's
Texas earnings.

GTECH's chairman and chief executive officer, Guy Snowden, has testified he knew
nothing of payments from Barnes to Smith. However, Snowden signed Barnes'
consulting contract with GTECH, and Barnes has said Snowden knew of payments he
made to Smith for non-lottery consulting, prosecutors said.

GTECH has severed its relationship with Barnes in Texas. The company and Barnes
negotiated a buyout of his contract for an undisclosed sum.

Barnes declined to comment.

Smith's attorney, Larry Lustberg, said he "categorically denies" any allegations
of misconduct in New York and Texas.

Because of questions about the propriety of the dealings with Barnes, two of the
three members of the Texas Lottery Commission have recommended rebidding its
contract for online lottery services.

In its continuing investigation in New Jersey, the U.S. attorney's office has
subpoenaed personnel records of former Kentucky lottery director James Hosker.
Hosker currently heads GTECH's lottery operations in Texas.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: This part of the Special Report on misuse of Georgia Lottery funds.

GRAPHIC:  Chart: AT A GLANCE
 Here's the status of federal investigations of GTECH in five states:
 Georgia --Investigation closed with no indictments.
 Kentucky --Criminal charges dismissed at trial against businessman L.
 Rogers Wells Jr. and former GTECH Vice President J. David Smith. Subpoena
 issued for lottery's personnel records under former director James
 Hosker, now head of GTECH's operations in Texas.
 New Jersey --Smith awaiting sentencing for conviction on 20 counts of
 accepting kickbacks and laundering money from GTECH contractors.
 Investigation is continuing.
 New York --No charges are pending, but prosecutors allege Smith received
 $ 132,613 in kickbacks from GTECH lobbyists.
 Texas --Investigation under way of GTECH contract with former Lt. Gov.
 Ben Barnes, of which $ 519,245 was allegedly kicked back to Smith.
 Source: Staff research
 Chart: THE CONTRACTS
 Integrated Strategies of Georgia, also known as I.S. GA Inc., is a
 Florida corporation whose incorporation documents were filed in 1991 by
 Thomas F. Panza, a Fort Lauderdale lawyer and GTECH Corp.'s chief
 lobbyist in Florida. Lobbyists Laurance and Dori Gay were the firm's
 initial officers. The firm is now headed by L. Rogers Wells Jr., a
 manufacturer of lottery equipment and a former member of the Kentucky
 Cabinet.  Integrated Strategies of Georgia has held four contracts to
 provide "governmental relations services" for GTECH Corp., the world's
 largest lottery contractor. Those agreements, and the payments they
 called for, include pacts: Signed Sept. 24, 1991, for helping GTECH to
 sell its online lottery products in unspecified jurisdictions. Payments
 of $ 10,000 per month began June 1, 1991, and continued through February
 1993.  Value = $ 210,000
 Signed March 31, 1992, for consulting in Louisiana. Payments of $ 6,500
 per month began Jan. 22, 1992, and continued through May 1993.
 Value = $ 104,000
 Signed May 1, 1993, for consulting in Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi,
 North and South Carolina, Tennessee. Payments of $ 30,000 per month to
 continue as long as GTECH has Georgia's lottery contract. Payments began
 March 1, 1993.  Value to date = $ 1,440,000
 Signed June 1, 1993, for consulting in Georgia. Payments of $ 25,000 per
 month for 12 months.
 Value = $ 300,000
 Total value to date = $ 2,054,000
 Pie graph: LOTTERY REVENUES
 Every dollar spent on a Georgia Lottery ticket is divided this way. The
 lottery had sales of $ 1.59 billion in fiscal 1996.
 Prizes: 51%
 Education programs: 35%
 Retailers: 7%
 GTECH: 3%
 Administration: 2%
 Other vendors: 1%
 Advertising: 1%
 EDUCATION'S SHARE
 Through June 30, Georgia educational programs will have received $ 1.53
 billion from lottery proceeds since its inception in 1993. Here's the
 breakdown: Technology & capital improvements: 51%
 $ 782,011,297
 Pre-kindergarten classes: 30%
 $ 456,579,000
 HOPE scholarships: 19%
 $ 291,949,782
 Sources: Georgia Lottery Corp., Governor's Office.
 / MARK GILES / Staff

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              943 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            January 15, 2017 Sunday

Four city officials head to Washington for conference

BYLINE: Jim Steinberg; jsteinberg@scng.com @JamesDSteinberg on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 408 words

ABSTRACT

Coming trip to Washington will pay off for Rialto, Scott said.

FULL TEXT

RIALTO >> Four city of Rialto officials are heading to Washingtonthis weekfor a
fund-raising lobbying effort, a mayors conference, and three of them will attend
the inauguration of Donald Trump as the 45th President of the United States.

Despite what has been circulating on at least one internet site, Rialto Mayor
Deborah Robertson will be flying back Thursday to attend a scholarship banquet -
and not the inauguration.

"Every four years, the United States Conference of Mayors coordinates and aligns
its event with the inauguration," Robertson said, in a telephone interview
Friday.

Mayor Pro Tem Ed Scott, Police Chief Randy De Anda and Police Lt. Paul Stella
will attend portions of the 85th Winter Meeting of the U.S. Conference of
Mayors, do lobbying and attend the inauguration, Robertson said.

"The trip is about us lobbying for federal funding to bring money back to the
city," saidScott.

On Tuesday, the City Council approved a "travel and training" request for De
Anda and Stella to be along for the trip.

Scott said since July 2014, such lobbying efforts have brought in $17.8 million
in federal dollars.

"Police get rooms at half the price," he said.

Last year, when De Anda also attended the mayors' winter meeting, the city
netted $8.5 million in federal funding, and of that $4 million was for the
police department, Scott said.

In 2015, when the police chief did not go, Rialto brought back $3.5 million in
funding, he  said.

The team will fly in on Monday, Martin Luther King Jr. Day, and have a strategy
session meeting with the city's lobbyist Monday evening, Robertson said.

The next three days are very packed with meetings with many federal agencies and
other organizations, including the Department of Justice, Food and Drug
Administration, Mothers Against Drunk Driving, as well as congressional and
senate offices, Scott said.

An internet posting blasted Robertson for not being a fan of Trump while
watching the inauguration on the taxpayers' dime.

However, Robertson said shewill be attending a banquet Thursday evening in Chino
where her daughter, MileleRobertson, will be awarded a scholarship to a San Jose
State University master's program in transportation management.

Milele Robertson is a right-of-way agent for Caltrans in San Bernardino.

As for her feelings on Trump, Mayor Robertson said, "Come January 20, he is
president of the United States."


LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                              May 19, 2008 Monday

McCain's national finance co-chair resigns

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 420 words


WASHINGTON - John McCain's national finance co-chairman has stepped down,
becoming the latest adviser to leave the Republican's presidential campaign
because of ties to lobbyists.

Former Texas Rep. Thomas G. Loeffler, one of McCain's key fundraisers, resigned
after the campaign last week instructed staff to disclose all lobbying ties and
to make certain they are no longer registered as lobbyists or foreign agents.

McCain's campaign on Sunday confirmed Loeffler's resignation.

Loeffler lobbies for the European Aeronautic Defence and Space Co., which with
Northrop Grumman Corp. won a lucrative contract to provide air refueling tankers
for the Air Force. McCain helped scuttle an earlier contract that would have
gone to a US competitor, Boeing Co.

Newsweek reported over the weekend that Loeffler's "lobbying firm has collected
nearly $15 million from Saudi Arabia since 2002 and millions more from other
foreign and corporate interests, including a French aerospace firm seeking
Pentagon contracts."

Lobbying disclosure records also showed that on May 17, 2006, Loeffler listed
meeting McCain along with the Saudi ambassador to "discuss US-Kingdom of Saudi
Arabia relations," even though Loeffler told a reporter last month that he had
not discussed his clients with McCain, Newsweek said.

Past lobbying work does not automatically disqualify someone from working for
McCain's campaign. But McCain, through the new policy, is seeking not only to
comply with laws but also to live up to a higher standard to help burnish his
image as a reformer of money in politics.

Loeffler is the latest McCain adviser to relinquish a formal role with the
campaign.

McCain advisers Doug Goodyear, who was to run the Republican convention in St.
Paul, Minnesota, and Doug Davenport, a regional campaign director for the
Mid-Atlantic states, also resigned this month. Both worked for DCI Group, a
consulting firm hired to improve the image of Myanmar's military junta.

When the policy was announced last Thursday, McCain fired energy policy adviser
Eric Burgeson, who represents energy companies as a lobbyist.

The campaign also asked Craig Shirley to resign from McCain's Virginia
leadership team because he was behind an independent group that has been
criticizing Democrats Hillary Rodham Clinton and Barack Obama on the internet.
McCain's new policy also states that no one with a campaign title or position
may participate in so-called 527 groups, which can raise unlimited amounts of
money for television ads not controlled by campaigns.

-AP

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              April 8, 2005 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

security official to lobby D.C. for Brownstein

BYLINE: Greg Griffin Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-08

LENGTH: 185 words


Denver law firm Brownstein Hyatt & Farber has hired a former high-ranking
federal homeland security official with Colorado ties to join its lobbying
operation.

C. Suzanne "Sue" Mencer, former director of the Office for Domestic Preparedness
at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, will represent technology companies
whose products have terrorism-protection applications, the firm said Thursday.

"Our D.C. presence has grown substantially in recent years, but we've never had
someone with the level of experience that Sue has in homeland security," said
Bruce James, the Denver law and lobbying firm's chief executive and managing
partner. "Our expectation is that over time, we will continue to grow that
area."

Mencer said she will use her expertise and contacts to open doors for Brownstein
clients at the Department of Homeland Security and in Congress. She is based in
Denver but will travel frequently to Washington.

"I view this as an extension of my public service, to connect good technology
and good ideas with keeping America safe," she said.

Ex-federal security official to lobby D.C. for Brownstein

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Biography

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 26, 2002 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

BP Pulls Out Of Campaign To Open Up Alaskan Area

BYLINE:  By NEELA BANERJEE

SECTION: Section C; Column 6; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 781 words


BP, the world's third-largest oil company, has pulled out of a major lobbying
group that is spearheading the campaign to open the Arctic National Wildlife
Refuge in Alaska to oil drilling, a company spokesman said yesterday.

Oil development in the refuge is a touchstone of the Bush administration's
energy policy. BP's decision to drop out of the drilling debate underscores the
growing concern among many oil companies that the matter has become a public
relations liability, both critics and supporters of oil production in the refuge
said.

BP's move comes just as the Republicans, who back drilling in the area, are
about to regain control of the Senate, giving proponents their best chance in
years to pass legislation opening the area along Alaska's Beaufort Sea coast to
oil exploration.

The company -- which has been in Alaska since oil was first produced there and
is among the state's biggest oil operators -- insisted yesterday that the
decision to leave Arctic Power, the lobbying group, was not meant as a broader
statement on the economic viability or morality of drilling in the refuge.
Opponents of drilling have said that developing oil in the narrow coastal plain
of the refuge would destroy one of the world's last remaining bits of untouched
wilderness.

Lord Browne, BP's chief executive, said this year that BP was cutting costs in
Alaska by ending expensive exploration efforts in new, or "frontier," areas and
focusing instead on smaller finds near existing fields and facilities. Still,
the company plans to continue investing $500 million a year in Alaska for the
foreseeable future, according to Paul Laird, a spokesman for BP Alaska.

"A signal isn't being sent, but a signal is being received," Mr. Laird said in
an interview from Anchorage.

"The only message is that we are no longer going to be involved in ANWR debate,"
he said, referring to the refuge. "When and if the American people decide ANWR
should be opened, we will consider it based on its commercial and competitive
attributes."

Mr. Laird said that the company had been mulling the decision for the last few
months and told Arctic Power of its intentions last week. The news of BP's
departure was first published Friday in Petroleum News Alaska, an industry
newsletter.

BP played down its involvement in Arctic Power, maintaining that its annual
membership fee of $50,000 was small and its activity minimal. But BP had been
the host for delegations of Washington politicians and journalists visiting
Alaska to see the coastal plain. And Kim Duke, executive director of Arctic
Power, said BP's fee was "at the top of the scale for us."

Over the last few years, oil executives have repeatedly said in private that
drilling in the refuge is not a priority. Proponents of drilling have said that
16 billion barrels of oil, a huge amount in industry terms, lies below the
tundra of the refuge's coastal plain. But a study by the United States
Geological Survey estimated that there are 3.2 billion barrels of economically
recoverable oil at $20 a barrel.

BP is one of two oil companies to have drilled exploratory wells in the area
about 20 years ago, but the results are proprietary. The company said that its
decision to leave Arctic Power had nothing to do with those findings, but other
parties in the debate said the refuge's economic prospects were likely to have
figured in the decision.

"I think it was a confluence of things," said Athan Manuel, director of the
Arctic wilderness campaign at the Public Interest Research Group in Washington,
which has been pushing BP to take such a step. "They seem to have studied the
geology and the economics of how much oil they can get out of there, and I think
they decided they can't get the oil out economically. So it's financially risky.
And politically, it's not a popular stance."

BP has fashioned an image over the last few years as a company concerned about
the environment, and drilling in the refuge cuts against that view. Most oil
companies are reluctant to face the popular protests at board meetings and
service stations that could follow if they took a vocal role in campaigning for
the opening of the refuge, and so have kept a low profile while politicians and
environmentalists debated the issue, industry executives say.

Supporters of drilling said they did not think BP's departure from Arctic Power
portended more defections. Nor did they think that the move would hurt the
effort to open the refuge.

"I fully expect when we have ANWR open, BP will look at the leases for sale,"
Ms. Duke said. "This is not a signal that they do not want to be a player here
from now to the end of time. It's a business decision for them for now."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              947 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                           August 10, 2011 Wednesday

GOP-leaning lobbying firms thrive despite K St. decline

BYLINE: By Kevin Bogardus

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 563 words


Business for Republican-leaning lobbying firms has grown this year, despite
lobbying revenue declining for many on K Street. Several shops with ties to GOP
leadership in the House and Senate have signed up new clients and seen their
revenue grow in the first half of the year. Lobbying has risen by almost half
for some, nearly doubling for others. Fierce, Isakowitz & Blalock has reported
making more than $5.2 million in lobbying fees so far this year, according to
disclosure records.

That's a 44 percent jump from the $3.6 million it had taken in at this point in
2010. "A lot of it is new business combined with the existing book of business
that has stayed with us," said Mark Isakowitz, president of the firm, which has
taken on at least eight new clients this year, including tech heavyweights
Facebook, Apple and Oracle Corp., according to lobbying disclosure records. The
firm has also registered to lobby this year for BP and the Managed Funds
Association. The firm has refreshed its roster of employees to keep up with new
business. The firm hired Billy Piper, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell's
(R-Ky.) former longtime chief of staff, and Danielle Maurer, who was director of
member services to House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio). "The commitment to
service has made the business stable in both good and bad elections," Isakowitz
said. Clark, Lytle & Geduldig also has shown considerable growth in lobbying
revenue. The firm reported making more than $1.7 million in lobbying fees so far
this year -- a climb of 92 percent from its take of more than $887,000 at this
point in 2010. The firm has gained at least 11 new clients this year, including
Genworth Financial and Whirlpool Corp., according to lobbying disclosure
records. That growth has led to some significant new hires, such as the addition
of Jay Cranford, a former aide to Boehner. The business boom at Fierce,
Isakowitz & Blalock and Clark, Lytle & Geduldig is unusual in what has been a
down year for K Street, at least in lobbying revenue. Twelve out of the 20 top
lobbying firms have reported declines in lobbying revenue in 2011 when compared
to the midway point in 2010. One of those top firms that showed growth was BGR
Group, formerly Barbour, Griffith & Rogers. The firm has hired Democratic
lobbyists in recent years but is known for its GOP ties, having been co-founded
by former Republican National Committee Chairman and Mississippi Gov. Haley
Barbour. "I think a lot of the firms that have done well so far this year are
the Republican and Republican-leaning firms, and that's obviously because of the
House and an increased number of Senate Republicans," said Loren Monroe, a
principal at BGR. BGR reported earning $8.2 million in lobbying fees so far this
year -- a 15 percent spike from the $7.1 million it had taken in by this point
in 2010. Monroe said the decision by House Republican leadership to give more
power and leeway to committee chairpeople has led to more legislation and
hearings. "That has led to a lot of activity on healthcare and taxes, and to a
lot of business, for firms like ourselves," Monroe said. He said BGR plans to
announce new hires at the firm in the future to keep up with what will likely be
a busy autumn of lobbying, due to the work by the "supercommittee" and talk of
entitlement and tax reform. "We expect a lot of work on the horizon," Monroe
said.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2011 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            March 16, 2005 Wednesday
                                 SECOND EDITION

PANEL BACKS CHANGES IN LOBBYING LAW

BYLINE: Dean Mosiman Wisconsin State Journal

SECTION: LOCAL/WISCONSIN; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 307 words


After months of negotiation, Madison may have a compromise in updating its
4-year-old lobbying law.

The City Council's organizational committee on Tuesday unanimously recommended a
series of changes intended to close loopholes but allow communication with small
business.

The changes will make lobbying more "transparent, open and accessible," said
Ald. Mike Verveer, 4th District, who led the effort to pass the 2000 law and the
bid to tighten it.

The full council will consider the proposed changes March 29.

Mayor Dave Cieslewicz, who has been sensitive to concerns of small business,
said he is inclined to support the compromise but wants to review it.

Jennifer Alexander, president of the Greater Madison Chamber of Commerce, called
the compromise "definitely in the right direction," but withheld an endorsement.

The current lobbying law requires anyone paid to influence city government
decisions to register as a lobbyist and report expenses. It covers contacts with
the mayor's office, council and board members and top agency managers, but not
everyday contacts with city employees on routine matters, such as garbage
pickup.

The proposed changes would:

* Eliminate an exemption for lawyers and architects.

* Eliminate a broad exemption for business owners.

* Let business owners freely lobby City Council members representing their home
residence or main business site. Business owners could also freely lobby a city
official for up to three days each quarter, up to five times a year, if they
spend less than $1,000 in expenses. An owner's testimony before the City Council
of board would not count as lobbying.

* Require any entity seeking more than $10,000 in city support to register.

* Require the city to provide semi-annual training.

* Add the city's tax incremental financing coordinator to the list of officials
covered under the law.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              949 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The New York Times


              September 29, 1999, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

2d Company Says It Too Has Tie to Group in Pataki Trips

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B; Page 2; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 964 words


A second major corporation with significant interests in Albany said yesterday
that it was involved with a nonprofit group that paid for two trips that Gov.
George E. Pataki took to Hungary. The acknowledgment by the corporation,
Bristol-Myers Squibb, the pharmaceuticals conglomerate, came as state ethics
officials were said to be considering whether to investigate links between the
trips and Philip Morris, the world's largest cigarette maker.

Bristol-Myers said it had dispatched its chief Albany lobbyist to accompany Mr.
Pataki on a tour of a company factory and attend a dinner for him on his second
visit to Hungary. The nonprofit group that paid for the trips, the
Hungarian-American Chamber of Commerce U.S.A., has described Bristol-Myers and
Philip Morris as among its largest donors.

Bristol-Myers and Philip Morris, both based in New York City, are also big
spenders on lobbying in Albany, and in late 1994, both were among the few donors
to give $25,000, the maximum, to the private organization that financed Mr.
Pataki's first inaugural.

The Governor's trips to Hungary were in 1995 and 1996, and were a mixture of
trade mission and family vacation. Mr. Pataki said at the time that it was
appropriate to allow the chamber to pay for the trips because it had no business
before the state.

The New York Times reported yesterday that Philip Morris had given $10,000 to
the chamber a week before the first trip, $10,000 a few weeks before the second,
and another $10,000 a year later. The $30,000 in donations made up nearly 30
percent of the group's revenues in that period. Philip Morris also sent a
lobbyist to Budapest to attend a dinner for Mr. Pataki on the 1995 trip.

It was unclear yesterday how much Bristol-Myers Squibb had donated to the
chamber, and when. Monika Szarka-Elling, the chamber's president, said in an
interview earlier this month that Bristol-Myers was an important patron of the
chamber. But Jane Kramer, director of public policy for the company, said
yesterday that she did not know whether it had made any donations.

Ms. Kramer did say that the company's chief Albany lobbyist, Virginia M. Plaza,
went on the 1996 trip.

Ms. Szarka-Elling did not respond to two messages left for her at her office
yesterday.

Bill Van Slyke, a spokesman for Mr. Pataki, said yesterday that he would not
discuss the role of Bristol-Myers Squibb in the 1996 trip. "We have made all the
necessary disclosure and followed all the rules, and the Ethics Commission has
confirmed that," he said. "We are not going to allow The New York Times to
continue the political witch-hunt any further."

Spokesmen for Mr. Pataki have said he and his aides did not know about the
Philip Morris donations. They said they had not asked the chamber about its
backers, and noted that they were not required to do so under state ethics
rules.

The spokesmen said Mr. Pataki would not disclose how much the chamber paid for
the trips or ask the chamber to make its finances public.

The State Ethics Commission permitted both trips after ruling that the chamber
did not have business before the state. The panel did not know about the Philip
Morris donations or those given to the chamber by any other company.

Ethics rules prohibit administration officials from knowingly accepting gifts of
$75 or more from companies with state business, even through third parties.

Philip Morris has denied that its donations to the chamber were connected to the
trips though it did not explain how it learned about the chamber or why it
contributed.

The Ethics Commission is controlled by the Governor, who appoints three of its
five members, including its chairman. The current chairman is Paul Shechtman,
who was formerly Mr. Pataki's criminal justice adviser.

The ethics panel would not comment yesterday on whether it was investigating the
trips. But people familiar with the panel said it wasdeliberating whether to
begin an inquiry.

Three advocacy groups -- Common Cause New York, the New York Public Interest
Research Group and the League of Women Voters of New York State -- called on the
Ethics Commission and the Temporary State Commission on Lobbying to open
inquiries into the Philip Morris donations.

The lobbying commission is already investigating Philip Morris in the wake of a
report in The Times in July about its lobbying of lawmakers. In response to that
inquiry, the company has acknowledged that it did not disclose all its spending
on lobbying of the Legislature.

The lobbying commission declined to comment on the request by the advocacy
groups, but officials involved in the inquiry said the commission would extend
it to the donations to the chamber of commerce as well.

Bristol-Myers Squibb has held several millions of dollars in pharmaceutical
contracts with the state in recent years, and because it has large factories in
New York, is closely regulated by state environmental officials.

Soon after Mr. Pataki took office in 1995, the company went to the Governor for
a waiver from environmental regulations to build a factory in the Syracuse area
to produce cancer drugs. Mr. Pataki agreed, saying the regulations were
burdensome.

Ms. Kramer, the Bristol-Myers executive, said the company heard about the trip,
and then asked administration officials if it could participate.

Ms. Kramer said Ms. Plaza, the company lobbyist, was on only part of the trip,
which lasted slightly under a week. Ms. Kramer said Ms. Plaza did not disclose
the trip on her mandatory state lobbying report because while she talked to Mr.
Pataki at the factory and the dinner, which was held at a winery, she did not
consider it to be lobbying.

"We discussed no company issues or industry issues that were pending before
anybody's agenda," Ms. Kramer said.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              950 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

New York: NYS Department of Environmental Conservation Issues Solicitation for
"Delaware River Basin Commission Dues for Fiscal Year 2013-2014"

LENGTH: 343  words

DATELINE: Albany


NYS Department of Environmental Conservation has issued requirement for
"Delaware River Basin Commission Dues for Fiscal Year 2013-2014"

Reference No.: 0015358

Solicitation Type:  Bid

Description: The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation intends
to enter into a purchase order to pay State Fiscal Year 2013/2014 dues to the
Delaware River Basin Commission. New procurement lobbying restrictions went into
effect on January 01, 2006. In August 2005, the Governor signed into law major
changes to the Legislative Law and the State Finance Law which regulate lobbying
on procurement contracts. Chapter 1 of the Laws of 2005, as amended by Chapter
596 of the Laws of 2005, establishes significant changes to the development of
procurement contracts with governmental entities and expands upon Executive
Order 127 and the former lobbying statute. Two related aspects of procurement
were amended: (i) activities by the lobbying community seeking procurement
contracts (through amendments to Legislative Law) and (ii) activities involving
governmental agencies establishing procurement contracts (through amendments to
State Finance Law). The designated contact during the restricted period for this
Advertisement must familiarize themselves with the new Legislative and State
Finance Law requirements and will be expected to affirm that they understand and
agree to comply. Additional information on the new Lobbying Law can be found at
the Advisory Council on Procurement Lobbying website at:
http://www.ogs.state.ny.us/aboutOgs/regulations/defaultAdvisoryCouncil.html ,
where Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) and answers adopted by the Council have
been posted

Deadline for All responses: 7/25/2013

Contact Information:

Anne Marie Cramer Bureau of Contract & Grant Development
Phone: (518) 402-9240
Fax: (518) 402-9230
accramer@gw.dec.state.ny.us

For more information visit:
https://www.nyscr.org/iframes/Details.aspx?id=1632230. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

New York: NYS Department of Environmental Conservation Issues Solicitation for
"Susquehanna River Basin Commission Dues for Fiscal Year 2013-2014"

LENGTH: 344  words

DATELINE: Albany


NYS Department of Environmental Conservation has issued requirement for
"Susquehanna River Basin Commission Dues for Fiscal Year 2013-2014"

Reference No.:  0015355

Solicitation Type:  Bid

Description: The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation intends
to enter into a purchase order to pay State Fiscal Year 2013/2014 dues to the
Susquehanna River Basin Commission. New procurement lobbying restrictions went
into effect on January 01, 2006. In August 2005, the Governor signed into law
major changes to the Legislative Law and the State Finance Law which regulate
lobbying on procurement contracts. Chapter 1 of the Laws of 2005, as amended by
Chapter 596 of the Laws of 2005, establishes significant changes to the
development of procurement contracts with governmental entities and expands upon
Executive Order 127 and the former lobbying statute. Two related aspects of
procurement were amended: (i) activities by the lobbying community seeking
procurement contracts (through amendments to Legislative Law) and (ii)
activities involving governmental agencies establishing procurement contracts
(through amendments to State Finance Law). The designated contact during the
restricted period for this Advertisement must familiarize themselves with the
new Legislative and State Finance Law requirements and will be expected to
affirm that they understand and agree to comply. Additional information on the
new Lobbying Law can be found at the Advisory Council on Procurement Lobbying
website at:
http://www.ogs.state.ny.us/aboutOgs/regulations/defaultAdvisoryCouncil.html ,
where Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) and answers adopted by the Council have
been posted

Deadline for All responses: 7/25/2013

Contact Information:

Anne Marie Cramer Bureau of Contract & Grant Development
Phone: (518) 402-9240
Fax: (518) 402-9230
accramer@gw.dec.state.ny.us

For more information visit:
https://www.nyscr.org/iframes/Details.aspx?id=1632229. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                            December 8, 2008 Monday

Saul Ewing LLP, Maryland-based lobbying firm link up

BYLINE: Caryn Tamber

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 324  words


Saul Ewing LLP has formed a strategic alliance with a lobbying firm.

Saul and Harris Jones & Malone LLC will keep separate offices and a separate fee
structure but will trade referrals and do some joint marketing.

"Over the years, we've had good clients ... [who] have need for lobbying
services, and we have for many years had someone in-house who was a registered
lobbyist who could provide those services," said Charles O. Monk II, Saul's
Baltimore managing partner. "We were anxious to have someone, who we were
comfortable making a referral to, able to provide lobbying services to our
clients. "

Lisa Harris Jones said that although her partner, Sean Malone, has a litigation
background, the firm does almost entirely lobbying work. It will help to have a
connection with a firm that can handle clients' other legal needs, she said.

She said the two firms have been talking about a strategic alliance for about a
year. She said she knows Monk well from their work with the Greater Baltimore
Committee.

"It's actually because we have a very good relationship with Saul Ewing," Harris
Jones said. "We think they are a very respectable firm. They provide excellent
services, and their managing partner and the management of the firm are people
that we trust. "

Harris Jones lobbies on behalf of The Daily Record. Saul does legal work for the
paper.

According to Maryland's lobbying database, Harris Jones' other recent clients
include AES Sparrows Point LNG LLC, the Greater Baltimore Committee, the
Maryland Minority Contractors Association Inc. and Verizon Maryland Inc.

American Joe Miedusiewski, a lobbyist at Semmes, Bowen & Semmes P.C., said law
firms benefit from relationships with lobbyists, but that the best case is a
lobbyist working in-house.

"An affiliation with a lobbyist is positive, but I think having someone in-house
... there's a repository of information, they come into my office and they can
get whatever they need," he said.



LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 22, 2007 Sunday
                                  City Edition

$48,000 lobbying contract leaves Municipal League board asking ... WHO'S THE
BOSS?

BYLINE: Randy Ellis, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 874 words


Controversy has arisen over the executive director of the Oklahoma Municipal
League's failure to notify his governing board about a couple of contracts,
including a $48,000-a-year lobbying contract with the brother of a powerful
state House chairman who controls energy legislation.

"We should have known about these contracts," Larry Thoma, president of the
Municipal League, told The Oklahoman. "In the future, we will know about these
kinds of contracts. ... We're going to take care of some issues at the next
board meeting."

Danny George, executive director of the Municipal League, said he'll gladly
discuss the contracts with board members if that's what they want. George said
he didn't discuss the contracts earlier because he considered them to be part of
the League's day-to-day operations, which he has authority to handle, rather
than policy matters that should be taken to the board for approval.

Thoma, mayor of Elgin, said he wasn't blaming anyone for the lack of
communication and he has confidence in the Municipal League's staff. However, he
said he wants to make sure board members are better informed in the future.

The Municipal League is a nonprofit corporation that represents the interests of
its member cities.

Is pay too much?

One contract the Municipal League board wants to review requires the League to
pay contract lobbyist Scott Adkins of Broken Arrow $48,000 a year to do
part-time lobbying work for the Municipal League.

"It seems like a lot of money, but I'm told he does a considerable amount of
lobbying for us," Thoma said.

Adkins is the brother of state Rep. Dennis Adkins, R-Tulsa, chairman of the
House Energy and Technology Committee.

Scott Adkins is listed as a lobbyist for 15 organizations, including the
Oklahoma Dental Association, Marathon Oil Co., Corrections Corporation of
America, Chevron USA and the Oklahoma Association of Health Care Providers.

Adkins declined to say what percentage of his time is spent lobbying for the
Municipal League, saying he likes to keep his relationships with clients
confidential. Since the Municipal League represents cities, it gets involved in
a lot of legislative issues, he said.

Others involved

Adkins is one of eight people registered to lobby in behalf of the Municipal
League. Six of them are Municipal League staff members, George said.

Staff members Missy Dean and Carolyn Stager lobby on a regular basis, while the
others may lobby occasionally and are registered to make sure no questions
arise, George said. The Municipal League also pays Joshua James McClintock to do
contract lobbying work on certain issues, although he is paid less and used much
less than Adkins, officials said.

Arden Chaffee, vice president of the Municipal League, said he considered Dean
and Stager to be the Municipal League's lobbyists and was unaware of Adkins'
activities in the organization's behalf.

Adkins first went to work for the Municipal League in 2004 when he signed a
contract to lobby for $24,000 a year.

Thoma said one concern he has is that Adkins' fee has doubled in three years -
apparently under an oral agreement.

"The contract has changed, and there is no documentation," he said. "I think
something like that should be in writing."

Diane Pedicord, the Municipal League's general counsel, said the executive
director believes a letter was written documenting the raise, but nobody has
been able to locate it.

State agency's role

Another contract Municipal League board members want to review is a Jan. 1,
2006, agreement that calls for the Grand River Dam Authority (GRDA) to pay the
League $49,500 a year. In exchange, the League has agreed to distribute the
Grand River Dam Authority's promotional material to its members and cooperate
"in securing the support of other entities of state government for GRDA's
programs to aid municipalities."

The Grand River Dam Authority is a state agency involved in hydroelectric power
generation in northeastern Oklahoma.

The agreement between the Municipal League and Grand River Dam Authority was
signed by George and Kevin Easley, the Grand River Dam Authority's chief
executive officer. George and Easley are both former state legislators.

Thoma said he has some concerns about the agreement because cities and the Grand
River Dam Authority sometimes have conflicting interests. For example, the Grand
River Dam Authority may want a rate increase and cities may not want to pay more
for electricity.

George, however, said the Municipal League and Grand River Dam Authority
probably agree on 90 percent of issues. When they disagree, the contract with
Grand River Dam Authority just requires the Municipal League to help the Grand
River Dam Authority present its position to Municipal League members - it
doesn't require the League to support that position, he said.

Easley could not be reached for comment. Justin Alberty, Grand River Dam
Authority's corporate communications director, said the Grand River Dam
Authority board was informed of the contract.

George said he considers the contracts with the Grand River Dam Authority and
the lobbyist to be unrelated. Money received from the Grand River Dam Authority
was not earmarked to pay for the lobbyist, he said.

Randy Ellis:  475-3522,  REllis@oklahoman.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              March 6, 2006 Monday

Oklahoma Ethics Commission to report suspected illegal lobbyists to district
attorney

BYLINE: Marie Price

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 721  words


Members of the state Ethics Commission voted Friday to send the names of at
least two individuals about which staff have received complaints of illegal
lobbying to the Oklahoma County district attorney's office.

Commission Executive Director Marilyn Hughes said it is a misdemeanor to lobby
without first registering with the commission.

Chairman John Raley, Ponca City, said names would not be released due to the
criminal nature of the allegations.

Hughes said lawmakers and other officials say they have observed lobbyists who
are no longer registered as required by state law conducting lobbying
activities.

Lobbyist registrations expire on Dec. 31. Individuals who wish to continue to
lobby must re-register with the commission within five days of beginning
lobbying activities.

Raley said veteran lobbyists know the regulations. He said those involved have
had two months in which to renew their registrations.

Commissioner Bernice Shedrick, Afton, said she would like to see a letter sent
to lobbyists informing them of the requirements, with an affidavit attached that
they must sign under oath and return stating whether they are still lobbying.

Hughes said lobbyists are informed each December about what the law requires,
with a follow-up letter to those whose registrations are late.

"They've got a lot of mail from us already," she said.

Raley said prosecutors have considerable discretion whether to file charges in
particular situations.

"I think we will have fulfilled our obligation if we notify the district
attorney," he said.

Commissioners also discussed a proposed change in ethics rules that would
exclude from the definition of "anything of value" tickets to athletic, cultural
or educational events that may be given to legislators and other officials. The
tickets could be used only by officials or their immediate family members.

Gifts valued at more than $50 during a six-month period or $300 in the aggregate
for a calendar year must be reported.

The proposal would not require colleges, universities or schools to report gifts
of tickets to events on their campuses.

It would also cover tickets to non-college events in-state and events where the
state, a political subdivision or Oklahoma resident is being honored out of
state.

Lobbyists would still be required to report giving tickets to officials.

However, Hughes said vendors and people or companies doing business with or
seeking to do business with a government entity would not have to report giving
tickets to state officials or employees.

Raley had asked Oklahoma City attorney Lee Slater to prepare the proposal at the
commission's December meeting.

Slater said it is often politically necessary for elected officials to attend
such events at colleges or schools. He said this should be encouraged to
familiarize officials with activities at educational institutions.

Slater said other language in the proposal would allow officials to attend
symphony concerts or Hornets basketball games, for example.

"The reason is to encourage state elected officials to fully participate in the
leading events in Oklahoma without personal financial sacrifice," he added.

Lynn Howell, chairman of Oklahoma Common Cause, spoke against the change.

Howell said his organization believes there should be no reporting exceptions.

Some tickets, such as those to University of Oklahoma football games, are
especially prized and could give OU an unfair advantage over other entities
seeking funds.

Howell said the same would be true should Hornets owner George Shinn come to the
Legislature for some type of assistance in the future.

At Raley's recommendation, the commission discussed limiting college sports
tickets to one institution per official, but it came to no consensus.

Also discussed was whether to discontinue the practice of requiring those who
download raw ethics reporting data to have passwords.

Hughes said the requirement was instituted as a security measure.

Much of the panel's discussion centered on whether the password requirement may
violate the Oklahoma Open Records Act.

Raley said keeping records of who accesses the commission's public records
system strikes him as Orwellian.

However, Commissioner Ken Elliott, Tulsa, said a hacker could cause havoc by
crashing the system during a busy election cycle.

The panel ultimately decided to continue to study the issue.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regulatory

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              955 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 19, 2004 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Sept. 11 Commission Plans a Lobbying Campaign to Push Its Recommendations

BYLINE: By PHILIP SHENON

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1239 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 18


Members of the independent Sept. 11 commission say they will mount an aggressive
nationwide lobbying campaign to pressure the White House and Congress to
overhaul the nation's intelligence agencies, an effort they say will begin this
week with release of a unanimous final report criticizing virtually every
element of the way the government collects and shares intelligence.

The lobbying effort would be a break with tradition, since blue-ribbon federal
commissions often disband almost as soon as they have completed a final report,
the members returning home from Washington and leaving the report to speak for
itself.

Members of the Sept. 11 commission say they have decided that given the gravity
of terrorist threats that the nation continues to face, they cannot allow their
recommendations to be ignored, especially since President Bush has already said
he is willing to consider a shakeup of intelligence agencies and Congress is
already considering several proposals that mirror the commission's expected
recommendations.

''I believe we have the perfect storm,'' said Timothy J. Roemer, a Democratic
member of the commission and a former House member from Indiana.

He noted that the Sept. 11 report would be made public only two weeks after the
release of a blistering Senate Intelligence Committee report that found that the
Central Intelligence Agency and other intelligence agencies had systematically
overstated the threat posed by Iraq before last year's invasion.

The bipartisan Senate report brought new calls for an overhaul of the C.I.A.,
which is also expected to be a central target of criticism by the Sept. 11
commission. Mr. Roemer said the commission's report, which is expected to be
made public on Thursday, would add to the momentum for change.

''We've said many times that the Congress and the executive branch will have to
make serious changes, and I expect that the 9/11 commissioners will be part of
that process,'' Mr. Roemer said in explaining the panel's lobbying plans. ''Now,
for us, the hard work begins.''

In interviews, commissioners said they were preparing a series of appearances on
Capitol Hill through the summer and fall. That effort will be matched outside
Washington with speaking engagements, television and radio appearances and
promotional efforts linked to a private mass-market authorized version of the
report that is expected to reach stores around the country within hours of its
release in Washington.

While the White House has said it is receptive to the panel's findings, it is
not clear that the Bush administration will welcome a lobbying campaign by the
commission to promote its report in the midst of the presidential campaign.

The report is expected to document intelligence and law enforcement failures
that occurred in the Bush and Clinton administrations. Republican campaign
strategists have long said they fear that Democrats will seize on the report to
question why Mr. Bush and his deputies did not respond more aggressively in the
spring and summer of 2001 to intelligence warnings of an imminent, possibly
catastrophic terrorist attack.

John F. Lehman, a Republican commissioner who was Navy secretary in the Reagan
administration, said the commission was eager to keep its report and its
subsequent lobbying efforts above presidential politics.

''I think there is now broad acceptance across the political spectrum of the
need for fundamental change,'' Mr. Lehman said. ''This report cannot be
interpreted as any attack on the Bush administration. These are problems that
are very longstanding.''

He said that President Bush would almost certainly want to respond to criticism
of his performance by pointing to any evidence in the report suggesting that the
Clinton administration had also done too little to deal with terrorist threats.

''The Bush campaign will be making the case that there were eight years of
dramatic evidence that this threat was aimed at the United States,'' Mr. Lehman
said. ''The thrust of our report is not to try to place blame relative to one
administration or the other, but just to state the facts. We can't help how
people interpret that.''

Commission members have said they are barred from discussing details of the
report, citing an agreement not to divulge its contents until it is made public.

But government officials who have read or been briefed on the recommendations,
speaking on condition of anonymity, said the report would call for a major
restructuring of intelligence agencies and the creation of a cabinet-level
national intelligence director to oversee the government's 15 intelligence
agencies. Bills recently introduced in both the House and the Senate would
create such a post. The bills are expected to draw fierce opposition from
intelligence agencies concerned about ceding some of their power.

The acting director of central intelligence, John McLaughlin, said in an
interview on Sunday on Fox News that it might be better to increase the
oversight powers of his job rather than create a new post and ''add an
additional layer of bureaucracy'' to the intelligence community.

While refusing to divulge details of the report, Mr. Lehman said the commission
would call for ''reforms that are going to be very extensive.''

''It's not going to be tinkering around the edges,'' he said of the legislative
package the panel would recommend. ''It's going to be very substantial and
systemic. And it's not just the intelligence community. The intelligence
community will be an important part of it. But there are other things: domestic
security and airport security and first responders.''

Given the subject of the 19-month investigation, the report by the Sept. 11
commission, known formally as the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon
the United States, was always going to have a large readership.

But the commission has made special efforts to guarantee that, signing a deal
with a private publisher, W.W. Norton, for an authorized version of the report,
which is expected to total more than 500 pages.

Under the agreement, no money is to be paid to the commission, and Norton has
agreed in return to publish 500,000 copies and to make them available at stores
throughout the country almost immediately after the report is made public.
Publishing industry executives say that the $10 retail price is relatively low
for a book of its size.

''The American people will have access to this report,'' said Al Felzenberg, the
commission's chief spokesman. ''If it's not in stores the minute that it's
released in Washington, it will certainly be there very soon, within hours, not
days.''

He said the commission had also gone to unusual lengths to ensure that the full
report would be instantly available on the commission's Web site
(www.9-11commission.gov) on the day of its release.

Mr. Felzenberg said the panel's members had already begun considering a series
of speaking engagements outside Washington this summer and fall in which they
would explain why the commission's recommendations needed to be adopted quickly.

''We need to take this out of the Beltway, to take it into the country,'' he
said. ''We certainly hope that the recommendations become policy and that we act
with all deliberate speed in making that happen. That means that the
commissioners will continue to speak out. There have already been a lot of
invitations for them to speak at prominent forums around the country.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              956 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 30, 1998, Friday, Final Edition

Tobacco's Lobbying Outlays Soared in '98; Public Citizen Says $43 Million Was
Spent, Much of It Fighting Anti-Smoking Bill

Saundra Torry, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 617 words



The tobacco industry spent more than $ 43 million on lobbying in the first half
of this year -- 23 percent more than in all of 1997 -- much of it to kill a
national tobacco bill championed by public health groups and the White House,
according to a report released yesterday by Public Citizen, which favored the
bill.

More than $ 18 million of Big Tobacco's expenditures went to outside lobbying
firms, with the largest chunk -- about $ 7.2 million -- going to the D.C. law
firm of Verner, Liipfert, Bernhard, McPherson and Hand, where former Senate
majority leader George J. Mitchell and former Texas governor Ann Richards worked
on the tobacco issue.

The huge lobbying outlays -- nearly three times what the industry spent in the
first half of last year -- "put the voice, the message and the pressure of the
tobacco industry way ahead of the citizen," said Joan Claybrook, president of
Public Citizen, a Washington-based interest group founded by Ralph Nader.

The industry defeated the tobacco bill with a combination of "enormous campaign
contributions" to gain access to lawmakers, high-priced lobbyists and an
unprecedented advertising campaign, she said.

Scott Williams, a tobacco industry spokesman, said he could not comment on the
validity of Public Citizen's report, but added, that "the industry was facing
possibly the largest excise tax increase on a consumer product in the history of
the country. If the public health community faced a threat of equal magnitude,
it would make every effort to exercise its right to communicate its views with
the government and the public."

According to Public Citizen, the industry "besieged the Capitol with 192
lobbyists," about "one for every three members of Congress." The team drew on
"powerful insiders," including Mitchell (D-Maine), former Senate majority leader
Howard H. Baker Jr. (R-Tenn.), former Republican National Committee chairman
Haley Barbour and former lawmakers Stanford Parris (R-Va.) and Charlie Rose
(D-N.C.). It also included at least 18 former congressional staffers.

That behind-the-scenes campaign came as the industry mounted a $ 40 million
national advertising blitz to defeat the tobacco bill, which would have imposed
major restrictions on the industry, as well as a $ 1.10 per pack price increase
over five years.

The industry, which initially championed national legislation, quickly turned
against it in April, after a Senate committee fashioned a bill with the huge
price increase and almost none of the legal protections the industry sought.

Public Citizen said it culled its information from public lobbying reports filed
with Congress by six major tobacco companies, three tobacco trade groups and
outside lobbying firms they employed.

According to the group's report, Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corp., which spent $
1.7 million in the first half of 1997, spent $ 18.2 million in the same period
this year, topping the other major tobacco companies, including Philip Morris
Cos. and R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co.

"I'm not sure what the amount of money cited includes," said Mark Smith, a Brown
& Williamson spokesman, adding that in 1998 the company was facing major
legislation that "would have gone a long way toward decimating our business."

The report said the leading tobacco companies banded together to hire Verner,
Liipfert and three other influential law and lobbying firms: Baker, Donelson,
Bearman & Caldwell, which was paid $ 1.4 million; Covington & Burling, which was
paid $ 880,000; and Barbour, Griffith & Rogers, which received about $ 860,000.

The public lobbying reports provide estimates and do not break out how much
money was spent on specific issues.


LOAD-DATE: October 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              957 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                           November 15, 2016 Tuesday

Bottom Line

BYLINE: By The Hill Staff

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 378 words


CONSULTING. Flynn Intel Group, a firm run by a national security adviser to
President-elect Donald Trump, has hired its first lobbying firm. SGR LLC
Government Relations and Lobbying will be working on advising the client on "US
domestic and foreign policy." Flynn Intel Group, helmed by retired Lt. Gen.
Michael Flynn, "provides elite intelligence to industry and government
worldwide," its website says. Although the form recently appeared in lobbying
disclosure records, the agreement was inked nearly two weeks before the
presidential election. SGR recently registered to represent the government of
Saudi Arabia.

HEALTHCARE. Armory Hill Advocates is working on behalf of three home healthcare
service providers ¯ My Visiting Nurse, Optimal Wellness Health Homecare and
Serendipity Loving Care. The firm will help to lobby on the moratorium on home
health services imposed by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS).
In August, the CMS began a temporary moratorium on the Medicare enrollment of
new home health agencies. The freeze ¯ implemented to curb fraud in the system ¯
applies to five states, including Florida, and is set to last for six months.
Industry groups say that not all improper payments are fraud and hope to work
with the CMS to figure out better procedures.

FOREIGN AFFAIRS. The Harbour Group is working for the Executive Affairs
Authority of Abu Dhabi, in the United Arab Emirates, according to new filings
with the Justice Department. The firm will be working to develop "messages" and
"materials," in addition to counseling on strategic communications, media and
spokesman training, strategy on media relations, and having a presence online
and media marketing. Although just submitted to the Justice Department, the
agreement began on July 1, 2016. It is set to last through July 2019.

CRIMINAL JUSTICE. The Summerill Group is helping the Lackawanna County Prison in
Scranton, Pa., and the St. Charles County Department of Corrections in Missouri
as they seek to negotiate an agreement with the U.S. Marshals Service to house
federal prisoners. Joseph Summerill, who runs the firm, specializes in these
kinds of negotiations and previously worked as the chief contracts attorney at
the Bureau of Prisons at the Justice Department.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2016 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              958 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                           November 15, 2016 Tuesday

Bottom Line

BYLINE: By The Hill Staff

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 378 words


CONSULTING. Flynn Intel Group, a firm run by a national security adviser to
President-elect Donald Trump, has hired its first lobbying firm. SGR LLC
Government Relations and Lobbying will be working on advising the client on "US
domestic and foreign policy." Flynn Intel Group, helmed by retired Lt. Gen.
Michael Flynn, "provides elite intelligence to industry and government
worldwide," its website says. Although the form recently appeared in lobbying
disclosure records, the agreement was inked nearly two weeks before the
presidential election. SGR recently registered to represent the government of
Saudi Arabia.

HEALTHCARE. Armory Hill Advocates is working on behalf of three home healthcare
service providers ¯ My Visiting Nurse, Optimal Wellness Health Homecare and
Serendipity Loving Care. The firm will help to lobby on the moratorium on home
health services imposed by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS).
In August, the CMS began a temporary moratorium on the Medicare enrollment of
new home health agencies. The freeze ¯ implemented to curb fraud in the system ¯
applies to five states, including Florida, and is set to last for six months.
Industry groups say that not all improper payments are fraud and hope to work
with the CMS to figure out better procedures.

FOREIGN AFFAIRS. The Harbour Group is working for the Executive Affairs
Authority of Abu Dhabi, in the United Arab Emirates, according to new filings
with the Justice Department. The firm will be working to develop "messages" and
"materials," in addition to counseling on strategic communications, media and
spokesman training, strategy on media relations, and having a presence online
and media marketing. Although just submitted to the Justice Department, the
agreement began on July 1, 2016. It is set to last through July 2019.

CRIMINAL JUSTICE. The Summerill Group is helping the Lackawanna County Prison in
Scranton, Pa., and the St. Charles County Department of Corrections in Missouri
as they seek to negotiate an agreement with the U.S. Marshals Service to house
federal prisoners. Joseph Summerill, who runs the firm, specializes in these
kinds of negotiations and previously worked as the chief contracts attorney at
the Bureau of Prisons at the Justice Department.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2016 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             June 16, 2009 Tuesday

Lawsuit challenging 'clean money' proposal dismissed

BYLINE: By Josh Richman Oakland Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; News; Local

LENGTH: 514 words


Lobbyists can't keep voters from deciding whether to give public financing of
elections a try, a federal judge has ruled.

U.S. District Judge Frank Damrell Jr. of Sacramento on Monday dismissed a
lawsuit through which plaintiffs had sought to keep off the June 2010
primary-election ballot a so-called "clean money" measure asking voters whether
California should implement publicly financed elections for the office of
secretary of state in 2014 and 2018.

Because the measure would amend the Political Reform Act of 1974, it must be put
to voters.

Funds for these elections would come from a flat tax on lobbyists; this case's
plaintiffs were lobbyists, lobbying firms, lobbyist employers, and an
association representing professional lobbyists and lobbying firms active in
California. They had claimed such a measure is unconstitutional because it would
tax the exercise of protected First Amendment expression; impose a tax
unconnected to the state's regulation of lobbying; and violate the 14th
Amendment right to equal protection by singling out a kind of speech.

Damrell decided the lawsuit was premature because voters haven't approved the
measure, and if they do, the tax won't take effect until the end of next year.

"In this case, the threat of application or enforcement of the allegedly
unconstitutional provisions in AB583   though theoretically possible   is not
reasonable or imminent," he wrote. "Indeed, these provisions may never be
enacted."

And, Damrell wrote, he can't judge the measure's constitutionality until there's
a full legislative history, including a ballot pamphlet that won't be printed
until March.

The ballot measure is the result of last year's AB583, authored by
then-Assemblywoman Loni Hancock, D-Berkeley. Hancock, now a state senator, said
the lawsuit's dismissal is a victory for limiting lobbyists' and special
interests' influence on campaigns.

"It means we move forward with what we believe is going to be the first step in
California testing the idea of public financing of elections and making sure
that elected officials are accountable to no one but the voters that elected,"
Hancock said of the ruling, adding she'd picked the secretary of state's office
as the pilot program "because it is the most important office in terms of
ensuring the integrity of elections, and public financing is all about integrity
of elections and integrity of public service and protection of democracy."

Attorney Thomas Hiltachk   representing the Institute of Governmental Advocates,
Jericho: A Voice for Justice, lawyer/lobbyist Timothy Yaryan and his company,
the Los Angeles Police Protective League and the California Professional
Firefighters   said his clients haven't yet decided whether to appeal.

"We think it's unfortunate that the voters would be presented a measure that is
clearly and facially unconstitutional," he said. "The reason for our moving
before the election was to give the Legislature an opportunity, if they actually
want to do this, to fund it in a way that is constitutional."

Reach Josh Richman at 510-208-6428 or www.ibabuzz.com/politics.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             June 14, 2007 Thursday
                                Michigan Edition

Area Briefs

BYLINE: WIRE REPORTS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 291 words


DETROIT

Thunderstorms divert former president

Former President Bill Clinton's latest visit to Michigan, which was scheduled
for Tuesday night, was postponed after thunderstorms prevented a private jet
from flying him from New York state, an event sponsor said.

Clinton offered to make an audio presentation, but organizers instead decided to
reschedule his appearance for a later date, said Alexis Bourkoulas, vice
president of Metro Parent Publishing Group, whose Metro Parent Magazine was one
of the sponsors.

About 1,500 tickets were sold for the event titled "Embracing Our Common
Humanity," Bourkoulas said.

Clinton spent a weekend in the state late last month.

LANSING

Bill would restrict public school lobbying

A state lawmaker wants to prevent public intermediate school districts and K-12
schools from using taxpayer money to lobby government officials or sponsor other
political activities.

The legislation would restrict the hiring of a lobbyist or lobbying agent, or
the hiring of a consulting or public relations firm if the services are being
used for political purposes. The legislation also would restrict the in-house
employment of an employee whose primary function is to influence public
officials.

"Tax dollars should not be spent to promote special interests," Rep. Fran Amos,
a Republican from Waterford and sponsor of the upcoming legislation, said in a
statement Tuesday. "This money must be used as it is intended -- to enhance our
children's future."

At least 17 school districts and ISDs reported lobbying expenses to state
officials last year, almost twice as many as in 2001, according to a review of
online state records by The Associated Press. The 17 districts combined spent
nearly $350,000 last year lobbying state officials.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      August 7, 1996 Wednesday 2D EDITION

Nichol calls for lawmaker lobbying ban

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-03

LENGTH: 569 words

U.S. Senate candidate Gene Nichol attacked Washington's "revolving door"
yesterday by proposing a permanent ban on paid lobbying by former members of
Congress.

The Boulder Democrat - who faces Tom Strickland, a lawyer from Denver, in
Tuesday's primary - also challenged his opponents in the Senate race to join him
in pledging never to become a paid lobbyist should they be elected.

"I think when we elect representatives, we expect them to operate from the
public trust and to operate in the public's interest," said Nichol, former dean
of the University of Colorado Law School. "And that expertise    shouldn't be
sold because it can present conflicts of interest."

None of the other Senate candidates readily agreed to the pledge, with the two
Republicans claiming it's a moot question because they aren't interested in
lobbying careers.

A spokesman for Rep. Wayne Allard said the three-term Republican congressman has
every intention of returning to his Loveland veterinary practice "after he
serves a couple of terms in the U.S. Senate."

Said Attorney General Gale Norton, who is running against Allard, said, "I'm not
sticking around Washington one minute longer than I have to."

As for Nichol's primary opponent - the only professional lobbyist in the bunch -
Strickland campaign press secretary Tom Schilling dismissed it as a "last-minute
political ploy."

"This is not what Colorado's working families are thinking about when they put
their kids to bed at night." The Grand Junction Daily Sentinel, the largest
newspaper published on the Western Slope, has endorsed Strickland and Norton in
their respective primaries.

Strickland got the nod in the Democratic column because the Sentinel editorial
board judged him more experienced and able than Nichol to represent the entire
state.

He also supports the controversial Animas-La Plata water project, where Nichol
"doesn't think the project can be built it its current form."

The editorial board said, "Strickland is decidedly more representative of
Colorado's political mainstream, including hundreds of thousands of Western
Slope residents."

Similar reasoning was applied in the newspaper's endorsement of Norton,
Colorado's attorney general, over Allard, who represents the Eastern Plains.

"Just like Gene Nichol seems very well qualified to represent Boulder and the
2nd Congressional District in Congress, Wayne Allard is very well qualified to
represent Fort Collins and the 4th Congressional District.

Gale Norton is the better Republican choice to represent all of Colorado in the
U.S. Senate," the Daily Sentinel said.  Joe Rogers, the GOP's hopeful to succeed
Pat Schroeder in the 1st Congressional District, wants 25 debates with the
winner of Tuesday's Democratic primary.

In a challenge issued yesterday, Rogers said he is ready to debate, "anytime,
any place, anywhere."

Rogers will face either Diana DeGette or Tim Sandos in the November general
election.

DeGette is the odds-on-favorite to win.

Meanwhile, DeGette and Sandos will tangle tonight at the home of state Rep. Ken
Gordon.

Other panelists include Jim Gibson, president of the Colorado Democratic
Leadership Council; Margaret Atencio, chairwoman of the Latino Initiative;
Vivian Stovall, chairwoman of the African-American Initiative Coalition; and
Richard Jung, chairman of Stonewall Democrats.

The debate begins at 7 p.m. at 2323 S. Jackson St.

LOAD-DATE: August 07, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1996 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     December 24, 2002 Tuesday 1ST EDITION

Denver's lobbying costs swell City outspends L.A., Chicago; Webb signs $ 1
million in contracts in 2002

BYLINE: Karen E. Crummy , Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 1423 words


Mayor Wellington Webb recently doled out a $ 240,000 federal  lobbying contract
to a political ally whose firm is not even  registered to lobby.

The no-bid contract with the Washington, D.C., firm of Westin  Rinehart Inc. is
but the latest lucrative federal lobbying deal  awarded by Webb without
competitive bidding.

During the past year, Webb signed off on lobbying contracts  totaling more than
$ 1 million with four firms, some of whom are  working on the same projects.

From 1997 through 2000, Denver spent $ 2.7 million on federal  lobbyists while
the state's second biggest city, Colorado Springs,  spent $ 435,000, according
to data from the Center for Responsive  Politics. Denver has spent more on
lobbyists than much bigger  cities, including Los Angeles and Chicago.

Webb defended the use of federal lobbyists, noting that Denver was  'getting
more money out of it than (the city was) paying out.'  The city received $ 130
million in federal funds last year.

'It's naive for anyone to think that without using outside people  we won't be
at a disadvantage,' Webb said, noting that cities  compete with each other for
available federal funding.

Under city law, the mayor can award professional services contracts  without
competitive bidding.

But critics say the city is spending too much, especially during a  budget
crunch that has led to potential unpaid furloughs of city  workers, cuts in
recreation center hours and doubling of park  fees.

Price Howlett, a Denver firm that has contributed $ 4,700 to Webb  since 1999,
has a contract through the end of this year for  $ 432,000. That represents an
88 percent increase from what the city  paid the firm in 1996.

'The mayor is a strong mayor and has built relationships,' said  Marjorie Price,
a principal at Price Howlett. 'We're more of staff  people for the mayor,
closing deals on issues for the city.'

Webb signed the agreement with Westin Rinehart in July 2002 for two  years of
professional lobbying services at $ 10,000 per month.  However, the terms were
retroactive to Jan. 1, so Westin received  $ 60,000 for the back months, even
though they were not under  contract with the city.

According to the terms of the contract, Westin will continue to be  paid monthly
through December 2003, six months after Webb leaves  office.

The newly organized firm, which has been associated with Webb  through their
mutual involvement in the U.S. Conference of Mayors,  is not even registered to
lobby, according to the U.S. Senate  Office of Public Records, which tracks
federal registered  lobbyists.

The mayor said that Westin's founder, Morris Reid, was hired  because of his
'relationships in Washington's bureaucracy.' Reid,  who served in the Clinton
administration with the late Commerce  Secretary Ronald Brown, had also been
under contract with the city  while a principal at Dewey Square Group.

Webb spokesman Andrew Hudson said the contract was retroactive  because of a
'paperwork' problem from work performed earlier by  the firm and that the next
mayor could 'opt out' of the contract  with 30 days notice.

Reid could not be reached for comment.

That Webb entered into the contract at all, especially in light of  dwindling
city coffers, baffled some elected officials.

'In the middle of budget problems, these types of things need to  be looked at,
especially when he's asking city workers to take  furloughs without pay,' said
Denver Auditor Don Mares, who  launched his candidacy for mayor this month.

Added City Councilman Ted Hackworth: 'This is just stupid. It  doesn't make any
sense to eliminate services and spend more on  federal lobbyists.'

Only days before Webb's agreement with Westin, Denver Police Chief  Gerry
Whitman proposed cutting 25 officers to help address the  city's budget crisis,
but other solutions were later found. Since  then, funding for a program to help
young and at-risk pregnant  women was eliminated. The budget has a $ 44 million
shortfall.

However, Hudson contended that the budget problems showed that  vying for
federal dollars was more important than ever.

'We need to look under every rock for every dollar we can get,'  he said. 'If
we're going to do that, it's necessary to have people  out there.'

Paying federal lobbyists is not uncommon for cities, especially in  the current
climate where they must compete for limited federal  funds, said Larry Noble,
executive director of the Center for  Responsive Politics in Washington.

'But voters need to watch what's going on to make sure that the  money is going
to the benefit of the public at large,' he said.

Westin's responsibilities, as provided for in the contract, include  helping
Webb on 'issues, projects and meetings' related to his  involvement with the
U.S. Conference of Mayors and monitoring  'White House initiatives' and
regulations from the U.S.  Department of Justice.

Hudson said the firm has been working on a variety of issues,  including public
housing revitalization grants, Stapleton  redevelopment and other 'relationship
building' exercises. The  firm is also working on grants for the Dahlia Shopping
Center in  northeast Denver, which has won a $ 1.5 million federal award.

The firm does research and consulting besides lobbying, Hudson  said. It has not
yet met the minimum requirements that trigger  federal registration for lobbying
, he added.

Hudson pointed to Morris' clout among Washington politicians,  noting that
Morris persuaded Rep. Bud Shuster, R-Pa., who was  chairman of the House
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee,  to visit Denver International
Airport a few years ago to look at  plans for a sixth runway.

Reid has various ties to the mayor. Reid launched Partner America,  a
partnership between the mayors' conference and American  Management Services
Inc., which encourages private-public  partnerships.

Webb announced the creation of Partner America while conference  president in
February 2000 and has rubbed elbows at various events  with players in the
company, including George Cloutier, chief  executive of American Management
Services.

Reid, who has contributed $ 1,250 to Webb's campaign fund since  1999, also
launched CitiesFirst, a partnership that involved the  conference. Webb hosted a
CitiesFirst roundtable May 16 in Denver.

The Reid contract is one of four Webb has signed without  competitive bidding
for lobbying services this year.

Price Howlett, another longstanding city lobbyist, mostly tracks  federal
housing, urban development and social services programs,  and works on some
special projects, Price said.

Lobbying efforts were partly the reason the city received federal  grants and
loans for the Mayor's South Platte River Initiative to  complete the final
1-mile stretch of the river, Price said. Like  Westin, her firm is also working
to secure federal funds for the  Dahlia Shopping Center in northeast Denver. She
also noted that  some of the firm's time has been dedicated to Homeland Security

  issues.

Price chalks up the firm's 88 percent pay increase over six years  to 'extra
projects and extra travel.'

The firm's federal lobbying disclosures also reveal that Price  Howlett has been
working on issues such as 'African Growth and  Opportunity Act,' 'China/WTO,' an
'Foreign Appropriations  Funding' for the past four years.

'The mayor has made it clear that he believes Denver should be  part of the
global economy,' Hudson said. 'It's a huge part of  his agenda.'

Denver's generous spending on federal lobbying has been going on  for years.

In 1999, Denver spent more on lobbying than any other city, county  and state in
the country. Only the commonwealths of Puerto Rico and  the Northern Mariana
Islands spent more, and they aren't  represented in Congress.

In 2000, the city and county of Denver dished out more lobbying  money than Los
Angeles County, Chicago and Cook County, and  Philadelphia and its respective
counties. Denver's $ 820,000 tab was  more than Detroit, Atlanta, Boston, San
Francisco and Dallas  combined.

Denver political analyst Eric Sondermann said the mayor's contracts  appeared
'way out of proportion.'

"And it looks like the gravy train is still alive and well as the
administration winds down," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  The Denver Post City lobbying cost

                        Copyright 2002 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           February 21, 2013 Thursday

Ethics and exemptions

SECTION: A; ARCHIVES; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 672 words


Positive reforms, but no rush to limit lobbying

A Florida Senate committee approved sweeping ethics reforms Tuesday, but -- as
the Legislature is inclined to do -- the senators carved out an exemption for
themselves.

The reform package, a top priority of Senate President Don Gaetz, takes several
important steps toward improving the state's sullied reputation for official
corruption.

Among other provisions, it would strictly limit legislators' ability to misuse
political funds; prohibit legislators from voting on bills that benefit them or
their families; and give the state's ethics commission expanded authority to
initiate investigations and enforce penalties.

Yet, the members of the Senate Rules Committee, of course, did not let this
ethics thing go to their heads.

Before voting on the reform bills, the committee, as reported by the Tampa Bay
Times/Miami Herald Tallahassee Bureau, "approved, without discussion, an
amendment to delay a proposal in the bill that would have required legislators
who retire to wait two years before they enter into lucrative executive branch
lobbying contracts."

The amendment, by the bills' co-sponsor, Sen. Jack Latvala, R-St. Petersburg,
"postpones the two-year ban on legislators becoming executive branch lobbyists
until after 2014. The change gives legislators who retire after this two-year
term the opportunity to immediately join the ranks of the revolving-door class."

The rules of 'the game'

And that's a big class. While lawmakers already must wait two years after
leaving office before they can take jobs lobbying their former colleagues in the
Legislature, there is no such restriction on lobbying the governor or state
agencies. The Times/Herald has reported that more lobbyists are paid to lobby
the executive branch, with its lucrative contracts, than to lobby the
Legislature.

"As opposed to changing the rules in the middle of the game," Latvala explained,
"we are changing the rules in the beginning of a term of office."

Changing the rules of "the game" to suit themselves is nothing new for Florida's
legislators. They previously exempted themselves from the rules governing the
ballot language of proposed constitutional amendments. That led to massively
long election ballots last November, which contributed to massively long lines
and waits for voters. But, hey, nothing is perfect.

If the lobbying exemption remains part of the ethics reform package, as the plan
goes now to the full Senate and is later taken up by the House, it will be a
small price to pay for the good that the proposed reforms would do for
government in Florida. Among their many aspects, the Senate bills would:

· Strictly limit how legislative leaders can use political funds called
Committees of Continuous Existence to pay for personal expenses. Public
officials would be barred from accepting gifts from CCEs.

· Prohibit legislators from voting on bills on which they declare a conflict of
interest. Currently, they can vote on such issues, then declare their conflict
within 15 days.

· Require public officials to post financial disclosure statements online using
a searchable database.

· Restrict legislators, state and local officials from taking jobs with state
colleges and public agencies while they are in office.

· Increase the investigative and enforcement powers of the Commission on Ethics.

State of corruption

These proposed reforms are both extensive and long overdue. Official corruption
too often has been exposed at all levels of state government. From 2000 to 2010,
Florida led the nation in federal public corruption convictions with 781,
according to the U.S. Department of Justice. And those are just convictions.

We only hope the Rules Committee's exemption doesn't foreshadow an onslaught of
other amendments in the Senate and House that further weaken the proposals.

Gaetz and House Speaker Will Weatherford -- who, like Gaetz, has made ethics
reform a high priority -- should insist that the critical elements of the
Senate's plan, if they cannot be improved, at least remain intact.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Florida Senate President Don Gaetz has made ethics reform a top
priority. AP PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                              June 7, 2010 Monday

Jacksonville will do own lobbying now;
The city will rely on associations, legislators, but will that be enough?

BYLINE: MATT DIXON

SECTION: Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 663 words


Since 2007, Jacksonville has spent $1.6 million on state lobbying contracts.
According to city records and lobbying reports, the lobbyists helped bring home
more than $23 million in state funding for local projects.

Now, to save $430,000 annually during tough fiscal times, the city has decided
to drop its state lobbyists and rely solely on statewide organizations and local
legislators. The city is keeping its $227,862 federal lobbying contract with
Washington-based firm Patton Boggs LLC.

To secure money for state projects, there will be a heavier reliance on area
lawmakers, the lobbying might of organizations like the Florida Association of
Counties and Florida League of Cities, and city officials - including Mayor John
Peyton - traveling to Tallahassee to lobby state lawmakers, according to Peyton
spokeswoman Misty Skipper.

That new strategy, however, means that two of the city's three vehicles for
securing state cash for projects are associations that have many members and a
delegation that has seen state cash for area projects slashed on its watch.

In May, a Times-Union analysis found that the Northeast Florida's legislators
brought home about $110 million less for member projects over the past five
years than they did during the first half of the decade. That falloff was
despite the fact that $200 million more was available for those projects during
the second half of the decade, according to state budget documents.

In addition, highlighting the shortcomings of relying on statewide
organizations, a spokeswoman for the Association of Counties said its priorities
are driven by the needs of all its members, and it may not use resources on
wish-list items for individual counties.

"It depends on the issue. But on stuff that ultimately may be good for one
county and bad for another, we stay out," said Cragin Mosteller with the
Association of Counties.

Mosteller did say that one of the biggest issues the association will work on is
the "taxpayer bill of rights." This is a proposed constitutional amendment that
would, among other things, require voter approval of new taxes and fees.

"That by far is our biggest single issue next year," Mosteller said.

In an example of how the partnership could work in some areas, Jacksonville
lobbyists did help defeat a version of that legislation this year, according to
the 2010 lobbying report prepared for City Council.

And though local lawmakers have seen state funding for area projects dry up in
recent years, delegation members say because of the circumstances they can step
up.

"We will be able to rally behind Jacksonville issues," said Audrey Gibson,
current chair of the Duval Delegation.

Most of the money Jacksonville received for big-ticket items over the past three
years was not only sought by city lobbyists but was also requested directly by
area lawmakers.

Some of those projects include $15 million for the Lower St. Johns River Basin
initiative, $500,000 for a JEA reclaimed water transmittal extension, and
$800,000 for a septic system phaseout.

Gibson, who is term-limited this year and will not be a member of the delegation
during next year's legislative session, did concede that there are weaknesses to
greater reliance on area lawmakers.

"Obviously, a lobbyist that is hired for only Jacksonville issues has, or should
have, more time at their disposal to lobby every single member of every single
committee that the city is trying to push for," she said.

Skipper said that any losses the city might face by cutting ties with lobbyists
will be minimized because tight state budgets are reducing the number of
projects being funded with state money.

"That [drop-off in state projects] is kind of indicative of what has occurred
over the past several years," she said.

She also emphasized that city employees - including Peyton and chief of staff
Adam Hollingsworth, who have worked with city lobbyists in year's past - will
continue to work on statewide issues.

matt.dixon@jacksonville.com,

(904) 359-4174

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Florida Times-Union


                              965 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                            January 30, 2006 Monday

Lobbying reform that's needed most

BYLINE: Editorials

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 556  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


In the wake of the latest lobbying scandal on Capitol Hill, proposals for
tightening ethics and lobbying rules have proliferated in the House and Senate.

They range from a ban on trips by lawmakers and their aides that are financed by
outside groups to making the House gym off-limits to former members of Congress
who have become lobbyists.

But a ban on "earmarking" - the one reform that's needed most - could prove the
hardest for lawmakers to impose on themselves.

Earmarks are funds that lawmakers slip into annual spending bills to direct
federal dollars to special projects or businesses in their home states.

They are a way for lawmakers to direct federal funds to popular local projects -
and get credit in the eyes of their constituents.

There has been a proliferation of earmarks - from 4,126 in 1994 to 15,268 in
2005.

They are most often buried in the transportation, agriculture, defense and other
big bills, and pass unnoticed until the lawmaker presents an oversized check
during a photo opportunity with officials back home.

Some earmarks have merit, say, for a highway project to solve a local
traffic-congestion problem. Others, such as the $328 million "Bridge to Nowhere"
for Alaska, don't.

Either way, earmarks give lobbyists far too much influence, and the problem is
only getting worse.

Earmarks underscore the cozy relationship between lawmakers in a position to
slip special-interest projects into legislation and lobbying groups that serve
as a source of vast amounts of campaign funds or provide trips and other perks
to those lawmakers.

Earmarks are often last-minute additions to conference reports that were not
considered in the original bills passed by either the House or Senate, thus
avoiding competitive bidding, performance standards or even disclosure of the
actual recipient.

Lobbyist Jack Abramoff, who has pleaded guilty to federal felony charges related
to congressional influence-peddling, once called the House and Senate
appropriation committees "earmark-favor factories."

Abramoff, who is cooperating with authorities in their investigation, and
disgraced Rep. Randy "Duke" Cunningham (R-Calif.) are at the center of the
latest lobbying scandal that has Congress nervous.

Earmarks were one way that Cunningham used to repay defense contractors who
showered him cash and gifts, including a yacht and a Rolls Royce. Cunningham
recently pleaded guilty to accepting bribes.

Congress is expected to come up with a package of lobbying-reform measures by
mid-year.

Meanwhile, Sens. John McCain and Tom Coburn say they'll challenge any pet
projects that senators insert into spending bills until the practice stops.

They say the practice violates Senate rules, and they'll offer proposals that
would make it harder to bury projects in a bill without vetting them in public
first.

The Republican senators say that, short of a ban, they would like to see
lawmakers have to justify these projects.

The effort by McCain and Cobra is worthwhile, but one that does not include an
outright ban on the practice of earmarking would fall short of what the American
people expect and deserve.

The projects behind the earmarks should be part of a deliberative budget
process, and not buried in a bill or slipped in at the last minute.

If the projects are worthwhile, they will be able to withstand the scrutiny. If
not, they won't.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              966 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                March 5, 1998, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

AIRPORT'S LOBBYING EXCEEDS THE BUDGET;
FIRM WILL REACH 3-YEAR COST MAXIMUM IN 2 YEARS

BYLINE: Mark Schlinkmann; Regional Political Correspondent

SECTION: METRO, Pg. B2

LENGTH: 347 words


Lambert Field's lobbying operation in Washington and Jefferson City has cost St.
Louis about $ 370,000 more than expected during the past two years.

James Brown, whose firm runs the lobby effort, said Wednesday he would reach the
$ 1.1 million maximum for fees and expenses for his current three-year contract
after just the second year. That ends May 1.

The contract doesn't expire until May 1999. Brown said the overrun is due to
additional assignments not contemplated when the contract was approved.

Because of that, the city Airport Commission voted Wednesday to begin Brown's
next three-year contract a year early - on May 1.

The new contract, which still needs approval of the city Estimate Board, also
increases the maximum guaranteed for the next three years - to $ 1.25 million.
That includes a maximum of $ 973,177 in fees and $ 278,172 in expenses.

Brown said about half the amount will go to other lobbyists he subcontracts
with. Among them are Michelle Clay, daughter of U.S. Rep. William L. Clay, D-St.
Louis; Terrence Bracy, a former federal transportation official; and Dan Gibbs,
a former airline executive.

A five-member city selection panel recommended continuing Lambert's no-bid
arrangement with Brown, citing his "qualifications, familiarity, track record,
experience and technical competence" in 20 years of lobbying for the airport.

The commission Wednesday also voted to spend:   $ 6 million on additional
property buyouts in Kinloch to mitigate airport noise. That includes as many as
170 homes and three vacant public housing complexes.

If all the homeowners accept, airport official Karl Reid said, fewer than 50
occupied homes would remain in the city.    $ 3 million to buy a few apartment
buildings in Ferguson for noise mitigation and to install noise-reduction
materials on 30 to 35 homes in Ferguson and Cool Valley.    $ 4 million to
continue moving graves from Washington Park Cemetery on the eastern end of the
airport. More than $ 17 million has been spent on the project; the total is
expected to reach $ 41 million.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              967 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 6, 2005 Thursday

VEGAS CASINO SOCKED OVER SILVER $ERVICE

BYLINE: ANDY SOLTIS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 476 words


The state Lobbying Commission yesterday hit a casino empire with a $25,000 fine
for providing a deeply discounted Las Vegas hotel room to Assembly Speaker
Sheldon Silver while Albany was debating gambling issues.

The Post was first to report last year that the Paris Las Vegas casino billed
Silver only $109 a night for a posh suite that was advertised as going for up to
$1,500 a night.

State lobbying law bars companies from giving lawmakers gifts worth more than
$75.

A lobbyist for the casino's owner, Caesars Entertainment, initially explained
that Silver was given "the government rate" for the 1,140- square-foot suite.

During his two-night stay, in January 2002, Silver had dinner with Kim Sinatra,
a senior executive of Caesars.

Yesterday, the Lobbying Commission ruled that Caesars Entertainment, now owned
by Las Vegas-based Harrah's Entertainment, should pay $25,000 as a fine.

Silver said the trip was made in the post-9/11 period when Las Vegas and other
tourist destinations were discounting travel costs and hotel rooms to generate
business.

He testified for nearly three hours to the commission's staff last year.

His spokeswoman said Silver was not accused of wrongdoing.

Caesars is one of the world's largest gambling companies. It had spent hundreds
of thousands of dollars to lobby the state Legislature in recent years, and had
been seeking to become a partner in an Indian-sponsored casino in the Catskill
Mountains.

Silver's stay at the luxury suite was turned up during the course of a routine
audit, The Post reported last year.

In other rulings yesterday:

* The lobbying firm of former state Attorney General Dennis Vacco was fined
$50,000 for signing a contract in 2004 that guaranteed the firm $5.5 million if
it won approval for an Oklahoma Indian tribe to open a casino in New York.

Crane & Vacco LLC's deal was signed with Thomas Wilmot, a wealthy Rochester
businessman seeking a casino deal in the Finger Lakes area with the tribe.

By law, lobbyists cannot agree to deals in which payments are based on the
success of a project or legislation.

Crane & Vacco denied any crime was committed.

* KeySpan Energy and Citicorp each agreed to pay $15,000 fines to settle charges
they violated the $75 state gift ban by giving out Red Sox tickets and hosting
events for lawmakers at the Democratic National Convention in Boston last year.

* Energy company Dominion Resources Services and insurance giant AIG also agreed
to pay for parties public officials attended that cost more than $75 a person.

With Post Wire Services

---

Silver lining

Fined: Caesars Entertainment, owner of Paris casino in Las Vegas

Amount: $25,000

Why: They billed Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver (left) $109 a night for a
$1,500-a-night suite

Law: State lobbying regulations bar companies from giving lawmakers gifts worth
more than $75

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -June 5, 2005 -Sheldon Silver -June 5, 2005

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              968 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             March 14, 2005 Monday

Morningside And Its Money

BYLINE: By BRIAN MCGUIRE

SECTION: EDITORIAL & OPINION; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 872 words


Those who have been following the battle over the proposed stadium on
Manhattan's West Side got a renewed sense of the financial interests at stake
last week when the state Commission on Lobbying disclosed the two sides spent
$29 million last year to influence public opinion. The Jets spent $6.8 million
to promote the idea of their new Manhattan home. Madison Square Garden, fearing
competition from a nearby sports complex, spent $22 million to oppose it.

Thanks largely to this one epic battle, total spending on lobbying in New York
in 2004 was $144 million, up from $120 million in 2003, according to the
commission. In its annual report slated for official release later this month,
the state lobbying commission reports that total spending on the state's 3,842
registered lobbyists in New York is double what it was five years ago.

But overshadowed in the news of the stadium lobbyists was last year's
second-largest lobbying contract. According to the report, Columbia University
paid the Manhattan law firm Kramer Levin Naftalis & Franklin $692,743 last year
in an ongoing effort to develop its own West Side site. That payment, aimed at
winning approval to rezone 18 acres for a new campus, is double the previous
year's largest lobbying payout.

It is not clear how the money was spent. The lobbying report says Kramer Levin
sought to influence Community Board 9, the City Council, the office of the
Manhattan borough president, and the city Planning Commission. One of the
lobbyists, Gary Tarnoff, said in a phone message that the firm represents
Columbia University in connection with its rezoning application. A spokeswoman
for the university, Alissa Kaplan Michaels, said the firm is "helping the
University with general land use issues related to the proposed campus
expansion." The application itself has apparently not yet been filed.

George Reyes-Montblanc, chairman of Community Board 9, said he is unfamiliar
with the firm. "I have no knowledge of this organization other than vaguely that
they may have accompanied Columbia University in one or two of the meetings
along with their whole entourage or retinue of consultants, underlings, and
other hangers-on," Mr. Reyes-Montblanc said. The decision on whether to rezone
the area as part of a 30-year, $5 billion campus redevelopment project is in the
hands of the community board, the president of Manhattan, C. Virginia Fields,
and the City Council.

Looming over the project is the memory of another planned expansion in 1968. The
so-called "Battle of Morningside Heights" resulted when students and
administrators clashed over a proposed gym in Harlem that would not be open to
neighborhood residents. Riots involving hundreds of police, students, and
residents marred the university's public image in the community for years.
School officials have made oral assurances that the current plan will result in
jobs and other professional opportunities for the community.

More recently, Columbia has come under fire from Jewish students who say that
professors at the school's department of Middle East and Asian Languages and
Cultures are hostile to those who express support for Israel. The Israeli
ambassador to America, Daniel Ayalon, cancelled plans to take part in a January
conference at the school on the conflict in the Middle East. The conference, now
postponed until September, was widely regarded as a public relations effort in
light of the student complaints.

Negotiations on the proposed expansion have been slow. Columbia is said to own
nearly half the land on which it hopes to expand and has offered to buy out or
relocate the roughly 30 businesses that now occupy it. Community Board 9 wants
the school to offer binding projections on job growth and to rule out the use of
eminent domain. Several businesses have retained Norman Siegel, a civil
liberties lawyer, to defend their cause. In a sign that talks are chilly, Mr.
Reyes-Montblanc wrote of Kramer Levin in an e-mail note over the weekend: "... I
dare say they failed miserably in whatever they might have had in mind or were
promoting."

One of Columbia's primary arguments for expansion - that other Ivy League
schools provide students with more space - is not convincing. Applications to
the school have skyrocketed in recent years on the strength of dramatic
reductions in city crime and the growing sense that Manhattan offers an
incomparable urban experience. New York University, Cooper Union, and the New
School for Social Research have all built and sustained strong reputations and
enrollments with campuses far less grand than the always surprising expanse of
lawn and classical lines that greet visitors to 116th Street.

Whatever one may think of Columbia or its plans, the university's approach says
something about the way the real estate business in New York works. Buying
property on the free market is just a fraction of the cost, whether you're a
football team or an Ivy League university. Imagine how much cheaper a football
ticket, or college tuition, or a Manhattan apartment might be if it didn't
include the cost of businesses or institutions hiring lobbyists to negotiate
their way through the city and state agencies, laws, and politicians that
otherwise can get in the way.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              969 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 7, 2014 Saturday

Wyoming: Request for Proposals - Lobbying in Lander Wyoming United States

LENGTH: 695  words

DATELINE: Cheyenne


Wyoming Wyoming: Jobs has issued the following job vacancy:


Request for Proposals - Lobbying in Lander Wyoming United States

REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS FOR Lobbying FOR THE WYOMING ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT
ASSOCIATION (WEDA) (Issued on May 14, 2014) General Information Established in
1985, the Wyoming Economic Development Association (WEDA) is a non-profit 501
(c) 6 professional association representing nearly 100 economic development
members and organizations who support economic development through their local
economic development groups. WEDA is the only association of its kind in
Wyoming. Our mission is to provide leadership and support to foster economic
development in Wyoming. We support our members with the necessary tools used to
create, retain and expand jobs, attract businesses, and develop a skilled
workforce.

WEDA offers professional development scholarships, training conferences,
newsletters and publications, a reference library, list-serve and networking
opportunities, a website, and lobbying efforts. WEDA is seeking proposals from
those individuals or organizations, referred to herein as "Consultant," for
professional services related to lobbying on behalf of WEDA and its members
Scope of Work The contract is for 12 months commencing October 1, 2014.
Responsibilities of Contractor: Working with other entities, including but not
limited to organizations, associations, and other lobbyists, to garner support
for the WEDA platform and WEDA legislative issues; Working with WEDA members on
developing legislative and lobbying strategy and events; Working with Wyoming
Legislators to secure their vote for the WEDA legislative issues; Participating
in regularly scheduled conference calls, as needed and as agreed upon, with WEDA
members on WEDA platform and WEDA legislative issues; Providing timely
information and background to WEDA Coordinator for dissemination to WEDA
members; Attending pertinent meetings, including but not limited to legislative
meetings, to gain passage of WEDA legislative issues. Contractor will attend
committee meetings held by the Joint Minerals, Business and Economic Development
Committee and the Revenue Committee and other relevant committees that are held
in Cheyenne. Additionally, Contractor will attend up to two interim committee
meetings that are located out of Cheyenne. Providing a written and verbal
debriefing to the WEDA Board at the end of the session; and Other duties and
activities pertaining to passage of WEDA platform and WEDA legislative issues as
agreed upon with the WEDA Board and Coordinator. III. Potential to Combine
Duties with Other WEDA Activities There are three RFPs requested from the WEDA
Board at this time to address all of our activities, namely "Association
Administration" as well as "Marketing, Activities, and Programs Management" and
"WEDA Lobbying." Recognizing it is possible that two of the three RFPS could be
addressed by one entity, we encourage proposals to address this aspect. However,
WEDA lobbying activities cannot be combined with activities associated with the
Marketing, Activities, and Programs Management contract. This is due to the fact
that funds through the Wyoming Business Council pay for the latter and state
funds cannot be used for lobbying. If a proposal addresses combining two of the
three WEDA RFPs, WEDA reserves the right to accept all or part of the proposal
and only award one contract for one of the RFPs if deemed necessary. If you are
interested in copies of the other RFPs, please contact Anja Bendel, WEDA
Secretary, at anjab@cheyenneleads.org or (307) 638-6000. Expected Timeline RFP
issued - May 14RFP closes - 4:00 p.m. on June 11RFP award - July 9Contract
commences October 1, 2014 Proposal Content Requirements Cover LetterExperience
and QualificationsPricing - include a rate structureReferencesOther Supporting
Material (Optional) - Please note that supporting material will not necessarily
be read by the selection committee. Late Proposals Late proposals will not be
accepted. Evaluation and Selection Process WEDA will make every attempt to
evaluate the proposals

For further information please visit: http://wyoming.jobs/

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     October 2, 1977, Sunday, Final Edition

Backers, Opponents Lobbying Heavily on Convention Center

BYLINE: By Martha M. Hamilton, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A18

LENGTH: 775 words


The question of whether Congress should approve funds for a convention center in
downtown Washington has prompted fervent lobbying unlike any effort on a local
issue in at least six years.

Is is the single most intensive lobbying campaign since 1971, when D.C.
Appropriations Subcommittee Chairman William H. Natcher (D-Ky.) tried to hold
Metro subway money hostage for approval for the Three Sisters highway bridge
from Arlington to Georgetown, according to longtime observers.

Most of the money and power in town and most of the city's elected officials are
on the side of building the center.  Opposed to the center, or at least opposed
to current plans for financing it, are a group of long-time civic activists and
citizen association representatives.  Four City Council members voted against
the proposal, but only one, Douglas Moore, has been visible in efforts against
it.

The Board of Trade, the D.C. Bankers Association, the Washington Board of
Realtors, the Washington Hotel Association, and other major business
organizations in town have been actively in favor of the center, which they say
will be good for business.  At their side, along with Mayor Walter E.
Washington, City Council Chairman Sterling Tucker, Del. Walter S. Fauntroy
(D-D.C.) and other lobbysists for the center, have been the city's major unions.

The city's major unions have called on their internationals the elaborate
lobbying apparatus of the AFL-CIO for help in reaching members of the Senate,
where a key vote is expected next week.  The business community has sent its own
representatives - such as Woodward & Lothrop president Edward Hoffman, realtor
Foster Shannon, real estate attorney Robert Linowes and Board of Trade lobbyist
Clarence Arata to Capitol Hill.  And Mayor Washington has been reaching out in
his own "low key" way, according to staff, telephoning and visitinh senators
including Sen. Daniel Moynihan (R-N.Y.) and Sen. Charles Percy (R-III.)

Opponents of the convention center called a press conference yesterday to
reiterate objections to the current proposal, objections outlined in a barrage
of letters and memos to members of Congress in the past several weeks.  They
don't necessarily oppose the idea of a convention center, said several
representatives of groups including the city's two major citizens association
coalitions, but they want a referendum on the issue and a re-examination of the
plant for financing a center.

"We feel the city does need a convention center, but we feel the question is
important enough that it should be placed before the citizens," said Fred
Thomas, president of the predominantly black.  Federation of Civic Associations,
a coalition of 57 neighborhood group.  Adelene Bickerdyke, vice president of the
other major coalition, the largely white Federation of Citizens Associations,
which represents 26 groups, said her organizatiom has formally asked for a
referendum.

Under D.C. law the Council can set a referendum but referendums cannot be
initiated by voter action.

Both sides of the fight claim support for their point of view from the general
public.  "The center is needed, and yes, the citizens want it . . ." Mayor
Washington said earlier this week.  Opponents of the center had hoped to poll
the city on the convention center issue but did not have the money, said Carol
Gidley, an advisory neighborhood commissioner from one of three ANCs that have
voted to oppose the current proposal.

"I was chagrined to note that until very recently no citizens groups supported
the center," said Dick Wolf, president of the Capitol Hill Restoration Society,
which also opposes the center.  Several citizens groups signed a 3/4-page
advertisement endorsing the center that ran in both Washington newspapers
earlier this week, apparently largely paid for by business interests and unions.
Two of the groups were in LeDroit Park, the Mayor's neighborhood, and one is the
ANC in the Chinatown neighborhood near the convention center site.  Others
included the United Black Fund Inc., Voice of Informer Community Experssion (a
group of business and community leaders) Far Northease-Southease Council and the
Committee of 100 Ministers, an interdenominational group once active on civil
rights issues and no active opposing legalized gambling and reduced panalties
for marijuana possession.

Other citizens groups that line up in opposition to the convention center
proposal include the Wisconsin Avenue Coordinating Committee, the Committee of
100 on the Federal City, and the upper Northeast Coordinating Council which
organized originally to fight freeway construction through the city.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1977 The Washington Post


                              971 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Daily Times-Call (Longmont Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 20, 2012 Friday

Two Longmont men will chair newly formed Secular Coalition for Colorado

BYLINE: Magdalena Wegrzyn, Daily Times-Call, Longmont, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 627 words


July 20--LONGMONT -- Two Longmont men will lead the Secular Coalition for
Colorado, a local chapter of a national lobbying organization advocating for a
strong separation between government and religion.

Ben Donahue, 29, and Murray Wallace, 31, are scheduled to sign a memo of
understanding on Saturday at the Colorado Secular Conference in Grand Junction
to mark the launch of the chapter.

"Essentially, it's a nonprofit lobby that gives a voice to nonreligious people,
whether they be agnostic, atheist, freethinkers, what have you," Donahue said.

The Colorado chapter is the first one to

launch as part of the Secular Coalition for America's effort to establish 50
state chapters by the end of this year. The national coalition advocates for a
separation between church and state on a federal level but has noted a need for
lobbying at a state level, said SCA spokeswoman Lauren Anderson Youngblood.

"What we're seeing recently is that some of the most egregious legislation that
attempts to insert religion into government is at the state level," Anderson
Youngblood said.

She said other state chapters are scheduled to launch later this month, but she
could not yet announce them. The national organization, which is based in
Washington, D.C., also has an affiliate group in Arizona and another one in
Alabama that is reorganizing as a chapter.

"Colorado was the first because they were the first ones to really get
organized," Anderson Youngblood said.

Both Donahue and Wallace are volunteers. The national group will provide them
training on lobbying, education on issues and other resources, including a
website.

The local chapter will aim to educate people on state legislation and galvanize
other grassroots groups in the state that support secular ideas, they said.

Colorado, especially,

Murray Wallace (Courtesy Secular Coalition for Colorado)

has become a hotspot for large, politically active churches, Donahue said.

"We want to be there to check that movement," he said.

While the chapter is still in its infancy, the men cited several possible acts
of legislation their chapter will lobby against.

One is the Colorado Personhood Coalition's effort to propose an amendment that
would define a human being as a child at any stage of development and would
outlaw certain forms of birth control and in vitro fertilization. The CPC has
organized a petition drive to get its resolution on the November ballot. Voters
struck down similar personhood amendments in both 2008 and 2010.

Defining the point at which life begins is a "very religious idea," Wallace
said, and it's one that the Secular Coalition for Colorado will lobby against.

Another effort the men cite is Focus on the Family's push to create a
constitutional amendment that would prohibit the state from interfering with a
person's or an organization's religious freedom.

Earlier this year, the conservative Christian group based in Colorado Springs
proposed and then withdrew its ballot initiative, but leaders have not ruled out
future attempts introducing the measure.

Both Donahue and Wallace identify as atheists. Donahue was raised Catholic and
even considered the priesthood at one point, he said, before, at age 25, he
realized he didn't believe the religion's teachings.

But they are also quick to point out that their personal beliefs don't mean that
that the coalition is anti-religious. In fact, they encourage religious people
to join.

"We want them to join us in this. It is as much a defense of their right to
worship as it is our right not to worship," Donahue said.

Magdalena Wegrzyn can be reached at 303-684-5274 or mwegrzyn@times-call.com

___ (c)2012 the Daily Times-Call (Longmont, Colo.) Visit the Daily Times-Call
(Longmont, Colo.) at www.timescall.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120720-1LC-Two-Longmont-men-will-chair-newly-formed-Secular-Coalition-for-Colo
rado-0720-20120720

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LC


                        Copyright 2012 Daily Times-Call


                              972 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 19, 1999, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Albany Notes;
A Longer Lobbying Law, But Not a Tougher One

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 904 words


Break the law regulating lobbying in Albany -- by, say, failing to make public
that shovelfuls of money were spent getting a bill passed -- and the state will
mete out a penalty that amounts to say-you're-sorry-and-won't-do-it-again. So
with the law expiring at the end of the year, some advocacy groups are calling
on the New York Legislature to follow the lead of other states and set up a
stricter system, with more enforcement and disclosure requirements.

But having been repeatedly rebuffed in the past at getting changes in the law,
the advocacy groups are advancing something of a doomsday scenario: if lawmakers
don't want to toughen the law, fine. Let it lapse. Give lobbyists free rein.
Nothing at all would be better than the sham law first adopted in the 1970's,
the groups declared.

Legislative leaders were not amused, and fired back. Since it was first passed,
the law has been renewed in two-year installments. This week, the leaders began
pushing a bill in both the State Senate and Assembly to extend the law for four
years, evidently seeking to rid themselves of those nagging do-gooders until
well into the next decade.

Now the advocacy groups are not amused. "It is appalling that they would even
consider a four-year extension," said Barbara Bartoletti, legislative director
of the League of Women Voters of New York State.

Ethics Plan's Unlikely Foes

Proposals to revise ethics rules usually stir protests, but sometimes they come
from the unlikeliest quarters. Take campaign finance. When Gov. George E. Pataki
presented his plan this week to place new restrictions on the way politicians
raise and spend money, restaurant workers in Albany were aghast.

It seems that the workers felt threatened by Mr. Pataki's decision to include a
provision that would ban fund-raising in the state capital when the Legislature
is in session. More than 20 other states have prohibited this practice,
determining that it was unbecoming for lawmakers to ask lobbyists for donations
just as the lobbyists were asking the lawmakers for help on bills.

In Albany, lawmakers have traditionally held hundreds of fund-raising events in
restaurants and clubs around the Statehouse each year, thereby employing many
waiters, bartenders and others.

"If they are looking for some kind of campaign reform, maybe they are looking in
the wrong direction," grumbled Wolfgang Hammer, an official of an Albany union
representing restaurant workers.

The Senate majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno, is no friend of campaign finance
reform, and he will most likely block the Pataki plan this year. Yet at first,
he appeared to like the ban. Mr. Bruno, a Republican, represents Troy, a suburb
of Albany, and he figured that the fund-raisers would just move to his district.

"I thought it was an economic development program for Troy, and I was very
responsive," he said, apparently only half-joking. Then he discovered that the
provision prohibits the events within a 25-mile radius of the capital. "I'm not
sure that makes a lot of sense," he said.

Subpoenas Replace Civility

When Governor Pataki formed a special commission in January to investigate the
construction of schools and other education matters in New York, Mayor Rudolph
W. Giuliani complained, but said he would provide the commission with whatever
it needed. The commission responded that it would treat the administration
fairly.

These days, the civility has withered, replaced by accusations and subpoenas.
The commission wants to interview officials of the School Construction
Authority, which the Mayor controls. The Mayor's aides agreed, but only if an
authority lawyer was present. The commission balked, saying that the authority
lawyer would prevent the interview subjects from speaking freely. It then issued
subpoenas to the authority, which refused to abide by them. And so on.

The commission will probably ask a court to enforce the subpoenas. "We think
that it's unfortunate that the S.C.A. has greatly lessened its cooperation,"
said Michael Marr, a commission spokesman.

The authority contended that there was nothing unusual about an authority lawyer
monitoring the interviews. All the authority seeks "is a basic right to
counsel," said its spokesman, Jack Deacy.

Winning Over the Skeptics

When Mr. Pataki nominated a new Health Commissioner earlier this month, he
presented Democrats in Albany with a problem. The Governor's choice, Dr. Antonia
Novello, received high marks from groups normally allied with the Democrats,
including AIDS advocates and opponents of smoking. What's more, she is a
Hispanic woman who has long said the government needs to do more to address the
need of members of minority groups.

At the same time, though, the influential abortion rights movement was angered
because Dr. Novello opposes abortion in most instances.

Dr. Novello, who was United States Surgeon General under President Bush, seemed
to shine in her confirmation hearings before the State Senate this week, and it
was soon clear that whatever the tempest over abortion, she had impressed many
Democrats. Republicans control the State Senate, 36 to 25, so her nomination was
all but assured. But the Senate confirmed her overwhelmingly with most of the
Democrats voting yes. "Dr. Novello will be a passionate advocate for our most
vulnerable citizens," said the Senate Democratic leader, Martin Connor of
Brooklyn.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              973 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 10, 1992, Thursday, Final Edition

Ethics Policy Toughened;
Top Appointees to Face 5-Year Lobbying Curb

Al Kamen, David Von Drehle, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 989 words

DATELINE: LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Dec. 9


The Clinton administration will demand that its top appointees refrain from
certain lobbying activities for five years after they leave office, a toughening
of current standards even though it covers only about one-third of the political
appointees to be named by President-elect Clinton.

These same officials -- about 1,100 of the 3,500 people Clinton is expected to
appoint -- will be barred for life from lobbying on behalf of foreign
governments and foreign political parties, transition director Warren M.
Christopher said at a news conference today.

Clinton will sign an executive order soon after he is inaugurated to impose the
new ethics rules, which go beyond the current one-year ban on lobbying by former
administration officials. The rules will not restrict all lobbying in the
five-year period.

Even so, these standards, Christopher said, satisfy the president-elect's
campaign pledge to "stop the revolving door" of Washington influence-peddling.

The rules will:

Extend to five years the existing ban on lobbying one's own agency. During the
five years, White House officials could not lobby any agency "with respect to
which they had substantial personal responsibility."

Ban the same senior officials for life from representing foreign governments,
although the ban does not cover foreign corporations.

Forbid trade negotiators to "represent, aid or advise" foreign governments,
political parties or corporations for five years after their service.

Subject violators to civil lawsuits by the government to block banned activities
and recoup any profits.

Transition lawyers defined "lobbying" this way: "Knowingly communicating to or
appearing before" the agency in question "on behalf of another with the intent
to influence official action."

The ethics policy unveiled here plainly reflects what Clinton officials say is a
fact of life in the capital: that the wall between those who govern and those
who influence government will always be highly porous. Only senior White House
officials will be banned from lobbying other agencies. Others could not lobby
their own former agency, but would be free to lobby anywhere else in the
government.

Other Clinton aides allowed that ethics standards are, in general, difficult to
enforce, especially because influence is often in the eye of the beholder. Aides
were unsure what agency would enforce the rules.

The incoming administration defended the new rules primarily for their symbolic
value.

"These rules seek to change the climate in Washington, and usher in a new era of
public service," Christopher said. "These pledges go well beyond existing ethics
rules, and are designed to signal a clear break with existing practice."

In general, specialists on ethics applauded Clinton's goal of stopping political
appointees from cashing in on their government service and knowledge. The rules,
said Common Cause president Fred Wertheimer, "represent a real breakthrough in
the effort to deal with the revolving-door problem."

University of Illinois law professor Ronald D. Rotunda praised Clinton's
enforcement mechanism, saying "the notion of taking away the profit is a good
one."

Of the Clinton rules, he said, "Congress ought to think about placing the same
restrictions on itself. . . . Why should the chairman of a committee be exempt
from all this?"

The lobbying mill became an important issue in this year's presidential
campaign, crystallized by independent candidate Ross Perot. He spoke of special
interest boosters patrolling the halls of Congress in alligator shoes, while
freshly minted trade negotiators jumped to do the bidding of foreign interests.

Clinton used more nuanced language, and nuance remained a hallmark of the
impending policy. Clinton officials repeatedly emphasized that the ethics rules
issued yesterday were not, as one put it, "the be-all and end-all," but only a
"very important first step."

"We bit off about as much as we could chew," the official said.

The rules focus on restricting high-ranking appointees who could leave
government and return to throw their weight around their former agencies, but
not on lower-level staff people who would have considerable knowledge, but much
less influence, to peddle.

As a result, the rules cover only the 700 appointees who require Senate
confirmation, 100 senior officials in the executive office of the president and
vice president and about 300 people, generally at the level of deputy assistant
secretary or above, who are paid a salary of $ 104,000 or more.

"This is not going to choke off the career of anyone," said Michael Waldman,
deputy communications director. "It's just that people won't be able to market
their access as blatantly. But even with all that, people are going to be
willing to take the jobs," he said. It will "just change what they do
afterwards."

Despite the restrictions on outright lobbying, there are many ways Clinton
administration officials will be able to cash in handsomely upon leaving
government.

The new rules may prevent someone from physically contacting former colleagues
on behalf of a client. But there is no rule against leaving an agency and
becoming a consultant to a firm lobbying that agency, Waldman said, because
there did not appear to be any constitutional way of stopping people from using
the knowledge they had gained working in government.

Some noted that the exceptions to the rules appeared to reflect the
president-elect's biases.

For example, Clinton appeared to be reaching out to state and local officials to
staff his administration, because they will be able to go back to work at other
federal, state or local government agencies after their service in Washington.
He also showed his support for career bureaucrats by exempting high-salary
Senior Executive Service and Foreign Service officers from his prohibitions.

Staff writer Stephen Barr in Washington contributed to this report.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, WARREN M. CHRISTOPHER: "THESE RULES SEEK TO CHANGE THE CLIMATE
IN WASHINGTON.", REUTER

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              974 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             August 25, 2014 Monday

Legal Briefs: McDermott starts to see payoff from lobbying subsidiary

LENGTH: 523  words


Four months after starting a health-care lobbying and consulting subsidiary, law
firm McDermott Will & Emery is starting to see the benefits of rebranding some
of its services under a new name.


Earlier this year, McDermott, which has about 450 attorneys and staff in
Washington, created a subsidiary called McDermott+Consulting, focused on
health-care lobbying, data analytics and policy analysis.
The formation of the seven-person operation, led by health-care lobbyist Eric
Zimmerman, marked a notable change in the firm's business model because the
consultants in the subsidiary no longer had to track their work in hourly
intervals, as is customary in most law firms.
Since the change, the subsidiary -- which is essentially a boutique health lobby
and consulting shop within the law firm -- has been able to capture new kinds of
work that previously might have been a harder sell to clients.
The consultants are continuing to work for some of the same clients they brought
over from the law firm, but are offering services that those clients may have
previously sought elsewhere, Zimmerman said.
In April, when the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services released data on
how Medicare payments were dispersed to physicians, the consulting group offered
clients a comprehensive breakdown of the data, producing both a generic analysis
and custom research reports tailored to specific clients' needs. Pharmaceutical
companies, for example, wanted to track how their products and how their
competitors' products are being used by physicians, Zimmerman said.
"Our clients would've been dubious of a law firm being able to do deep data
analysis," he said. "It's not the kind of thing you typically go to a law firm
to provide. Sometimes you can more effectively market those services simply by
branding yourself differently."
The subsidiary model is also helping with the recruitment of non-attorney
professionals. Law firms are set up to train and advance lawyers, not lobbyists
or consultants who do not practice law, so having a consulting shop that
operates somewhat separately from the parent firm offers more flexibility and
advancement for non-attorneys. The shop is slated to add two senior-level
consultants by the end of the year.
Boston law firm opens D.C. office with former Wiley Rein attorneyBrendon
Pinkard, a telecommunications lawyer and former partner at D.C. law firm Wiley
Rein, has joined Boston-based law firm Kerbey Harrington Pinkard, and will lead
the expansion of the firm's presence in Washington.  Pinkard is Kerbey
Harrington's first Washington-based attorney, and is an adviser to the firm's
government affairs consulting affiliate, Government Insight Group.
Pinkard specializes in negotiating cable television franchise agreements.
"Brendon Pinkard's reputation as one of the nation's leading telecommunications
attorneys and impressive track record of leading successful licensing efforts in
some of the United States' largest cities ... will provide our clients with the
highest level of strategic expertise," John Harrington, the firm's managing
partner, said in a statement.
 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              975 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            June 10, 2015 Wednesday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

$chool brawl Groups spend $13M to push charters, tax credit

BYLINE: BY BEN CHAPMAN NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 365 words


TWO GROUPS have spent more than $13 million to push education reforms while laws
are being debated in Albany, a new report says.

The study from Hedge Clippers, a union-backed activist group, says New York
City-based Families for Excellent Schools has spent more than $10 million on ads
and lobbying since January 2014 to lift the charter school cap and allow for the
creation of more of the publicly funded, privately run schools.

The Coalition for Opportunity in Education has spent nearly $3 million in the
same time period to boost support for an education tax credit for donations to
scholarship funds and public schools, the report says.

These are just the latest dollar figures for the battle for the future of New
York's public schools, where education advocates fighting over issues like
charter schools helped set a New York lobbying record in 2014, according to a
May report from the state ethics commission.

"It's a huge amount of money and it's had a huge impact on the discussion on
education," said Michael Kink, a spokesman for Hedge Clippers who co-authored
the report.

Kink's report draws on lobbying filings, Federal Communication Commission
records and information from sources with direct knowledge of ad spending.

It shows Families for Excellent Schools has spent more than $9.6 million on
lobbying since January 2014 and another $367,000 on pro-charter school
advertising. A spokesman for the group declined to comment.

According to the report, the Coalition for Opportunity spent $2.7 million on ad
buys and $381,000 on lobbying since 2014.

Hedge Clippers, funded by the American Federation of Teachers, didn't tally
teachers union spending on educational issues in New York State.

But a spokesman for the state teachers union said it has spent a little more
than $2 million in 2015 on lobbying and ads, funded by dues paid by its 150,000
members.

Coalition for Opportunity in Education spokesman Bob Bellafiore said opponents
of education reforms have spent truckloads of money to influence politicians
over the years.

"It's too bad we have to generate this kind of money to fight for parents, but
we are happy to do it if it will help bring them real choices," said Bellafiore.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EXCLUSIVE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Daily News, L.P.


                              976 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            June 15, 2005 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

CRUNCH TIME FOR ALBANY REFORM

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 761 words


The influence-peddling that has become Albany's hometown industry is in high
gear this week as the Legislature approaches the busy closing days of its
session. The place is crawling with lobbyists cashing in on their connections to
Gov. Pataki, Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver and Senate Majority Leader Joe
Bruno.

The spectacle - and hidden strings ensnaring state agencies - continues even as
the three men say they are reformers. In some dark closet, they're negotiating
and fashioning the right rules and edicts. And they're so close to getting
something done, they promise.

Come on, guys, it's not that complicated unless you're looking for loopholes to
let the game continue. Here's what you have to do:

Require lobbyists for companies seeking state business to disclose whom they're
working for and how much they're being paid.

This so-called procurement lobbying should be fully reported to the state
Lobbying Commission, just the way legislative lobbying is. And the law should be
simple: Anyone who gets paid, say, $5,000 or more to communicate with ranking
officials on behalf of anyone else must report the arrangement. You can bet
there would a lot of filings. As a Daily News investigation revealed Sunday, the
Pataki administration is awarding billions of dollars in contracts to the
clients of lobbyists with inside connections.

Restrict lobbyists to communicating only with specified contracting officers.
Insiders should not be able to pull rank with political friends, and contingent
fees should be strictly forbidden.

Bar legislators from taking free meals, baseball tickets, golf outings and other
goodies from interest groups. State law allows officials to accept gifts worth
up to $75 - and the Legislature's laughable ethics rules interpret this to mean
$75 per occasion. In other words, a lawmaker can accept a $75 breakfast, a $75
lunch, a $75 dinner and a $75 theater ticket and never cross the line.

Pataki proposes a ban on such gifts, with exceptions for very small token gifts.
But Silver and Bruno have shown no interest in jumping off this gravy train. The
Senate, at least, has an in-house rule limiting gifts to $25. Both houses should
go cold turkey.

Close the loophole that allows public officials who violate ethics rules - by,
for example, accepting improper gifts - to escape punishment simply by
resigning. The most recent example of this dodge happened last week, when a
Metropolitan Transportation Authority honcho quit rather than face charges.
Pataki and the Assembly back this, but the Senate is unaccountably balking.

Will there be reform - or only false promises? Sniff the air and see if the
stench of corruption continues to waft down from Albany.

Is it over yet?

Yes, it is. At long last and finally. After 64 days in the courtroom, $1.8
million of taxpayer money, testimony by 140 "witnesses" (90 for the prosecution;
50 for the defense) and 32 hours of jury deliberation, the Michael Jackson child
molestation trial is history. Embarrassing history, but history all the same.

The case (basically) involved Jackson, one boy and the accuser's brother, who
claimed to have seen the defendant fondle the youth. Logically, those were the
only three people who should have testified, everything else and everyone else
being a sideshow. Hence the quotation marks above around the word "witnesses."

California law, being as peculiar as California itself, allows for the
introduction of evidence that would not be permitted within 100 yards of a New
York courtroom. Thus the district attorney paraded witnesses before the jury who
alleged that Jackson had molested them, too. Such "evidence" also included
pornography that someone found in Jacko's bedroom 12 years ago. Twelve years
ago!

The prosecution clearly intended to win its case by showing that Jackson was a
pervert - hoping the jury would then conclude that he must have assaulted the
young teenager who took the stand. But the jurors found no fire behind all the
smoke. While some said they were convinced Jackson is a child molester, they
refused to convict on the word of this teenager and his bizarre, money-grubbing
mother. The testimony just wasn't credible enough.

In making that distinction, the Jackson jury got to the heart of the matter.
This was a trial that should have been over in a week had the prosecution called
only witnesses who were able to claim direct knowledge of the alleged events.
Instead, the American public - indeed, the world; did you know the verdict was
broadcast over Al Jazeera? - was treated to a courtroom spectacle, an exercise
in gross excess.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                              977 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 23, 2003 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

M.T.A. Director, Under Fire, Agrees to Back Law on Lobbying

BYLINE:  By RANDY KENNEDY

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 352 words


The executive director of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority said
yesterday that she would agree to new legislation to strengthen controls on
those who lobby the authority, which last year awarded more than $5 billion in
contracts.

Earlier this month, as the authority came under increasing criticism for
insularity, deceptive accounting and lack of oversight, the director, Katherine
N. Lapp, proposed several internal changes to make the budget process more
transparent.

Yesterday, testifying under oath before a State Assembly committee that is
investigating the authority, she also said that by the end of the year the
authority would have a plan in place to require people who lobby the agency to
register as such. The plan would require contacts between lobbyists and
authority employees to be recorded as well.

But Assemblyman Richard L. Brodsky, a Democrat from Westchester who has
conducted the hearings and proposed legislation for sweeping reform of the
authority, told Ms. Lapp that he believed that such lobbying controls should be
written into law. He then asked Ms. Lapp, who was appointed by Gov. George E.
Pataki, whether she would agree to such legislation, and she said she would.

Earlier in her testimony, Ms. Lapp said she was concerned about lobbying
contacts by Alfonse D'Amato, the former United States senator, regarding 2
Broadway, the troubled building in Lower Manhattan that is to serve as the
authority's headquarters. The project is years behind schedule and its original
cost estimate of $119 million to $135 million has grown to $430 million so far.

In 1999, Mr. D'Amato placed a lobbying call to his friend E. Virgil Conway, then
the authority chairman, persuading him to intercede in a dispute that was
blocking a $230 million loan on the office building. The building's owner and
the financing company agreed to pay Mr. D'Amato a $500,000 fee if the loan went
through, which it did.

Ms. Lapp told Mr. Brodsky that she would review transcripts of sworn testimony
regarding the lobbying and would consider referring the matter to the
authority's inspector general's office.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              978 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             March 30, 2009 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

A LIMITLESS LINE OF LOBBYISTS STILL PULLING STRINGS

BYLINE: BY BRIAN KATES DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 681 words


THE POLITICAL earthquake that gave Democrats control of Albany for the first
time in 70 years created chaos - and opportunity - for a vast army of lobbyists.

Hoping to cash in, Democratic operatives are expanding existing firms or
creating new ones.

Their Republican counterparts, once able to get huge portions of pork with a
call to then-Senate Majority Leader Joe Bruno, are rushing to regroup now that
Democrat Malcolm Smith runs the Senate trough.

Lobbying data for last year won't be released until May, but interviews with the
main players make clear that Albany's top lobbying firms are scrambling to
switch their lineups to accommodate the shifting political landscape.

"Diversity is the name of the game," said Blair Horner, a lobbyist for the
nonprofit New York Public Interest Research Group. "The top 10 firms usually
remain in the top 10 year after year because they are large and have prominent
Democrats and Republicans on their payroll."

Lobbyists pull strings on virtually every issue affecting New Yorkers, including
rent regulation, gun control, gay rights, school spending and health care.

It's a big-bucks business. Though numbers aren't yet out, officials expect last
year's haul to exceed the $171 million the state's 5,300 lobbyists pocketed in
2007.

Especially well-positioned, insiders agree, are Patricia Lynch, former top aide
to Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver (D-Manhattan), and Parkside Group's Evan
Stavisky, longtime Democratic strategist and son of state Sen. Toby Stavisky
(D-Queens).

Both have been among the state's most influential lobbyists for years, records
show. Lynch recently bolstered her Senate ties by hiring Richard McKoy, a former
aide to Smith.

No lobbyists are closer to the throne than those at Meyer Suozzi English &
Klein.

The venerable law firm's principals include the governor's father, Basil
Paterson, and Nassau County Executive Tom Suozzi's dad, Joseph.

That's good news to more than a dozen union clients, including Service Employees
International Union Local 1199, the city's largest municipal bargaining unit.

In October, two Meyer Suozzi alums formed a spinoff company, State & Broadway.
Its Web site notes partners Lawrence Scherer and Jacqueline Williams' links to
the powerful law firm.

"Clearly, they are hoping to cash in on ties to the governor," one competitor
said.

Principals Lawrence Scherer, former campaign manager for ex-state Controller
Alan Hevesi, and Jacqueline Williams, longtime Albany lobbyist, declined to be
interviewed.

Also in the catbird seat are strategists who helped orchestrate the Senate
takeover, like close Smith ally Doug Forand.

In January, he opened Shelter Rock Strategies with Long Island lawyer Steve
Schlesinger and a handful of other Democratic Senate Campaign Committee vets.

It will go head to head with former Assemblyman Arthur (Jerry) Kremer's
established outfit, which recently changed its name from Island Strategies to
Empire Government Strategies and hired three more operatives.

"In the Pataki years, we were in the desert," Kremer said. "Now we can get
clients listened to in the Senate. That's especially important for stimulus
money for the municipalities we represent."

Even the biggest Republican lobbyists are scrambling.

Legendary powerhouse James Featherstonhaugh, known for business ties to Bruno,
hired Frank Hoare, former chief counsel to the Assembly Ways and Means
Committee, chaired by Manhattan Democratic Party chief Denny Farrell.

Powers & Co., founded by former state GOP Chairman William Powers, added Jose
Paulino, a former top aide to Smith.

"Bill Powers tries to keep diversifying and adapting," Paulino said. "Some firms
are caught in a web of partisanship, those that have historically catered to the
old majority."

He declined to name names.

The clout of lobbyists "who were retained because of their personal
relationships with one individual" is evaporating, said Joseph Strasburg of the
New York Public Interest Research Group.

Frequently cited is Park Strategies, founded by Pataki's mentor, former Sen.
Alfonse D'Amato. The firm would not comment.

bkates@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: STATE OF SHAME PART TWO

DOCUMENT-TYPE: SERIES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Daily News, L.P.


                              979 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 28, 1994, Saturday, Final Edition

Bereano Case Hits Nerve in Md. Politics;
 Election Laws Haven't Kept Lobbyists, Lawmakers Apart

Richard Tapscott, Thomas Heath, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 1137 words


Virtually the entire Annapolis lobbying corps, including superstar Bruce C.
Bereano, joined a fund-raising crusade that ended this week in a $ 250,000
reception for House Speaker Casper R. Taylor Jr. (D-Allegany).

How could the lobbyists resist? The crusade began with a personal summons to
breakfast with Gov. William Donald Schaefer, where they were asked to pass $ 200
tickets to the reception along to their clients.

Taylor's event, held only three days before Bereano was indicted on federal
mail-fraud charges linked to campaign fund-raising, in many ways symbolizes the
cozy and continuing connection between campaign cash and influence in Annapolis.

Organizers of Taylor's reception complied with a 1991 law that limits lobbyists'
fund-raising role to that of a mailman carrying tickets and letters between
campaigns and special-interest clients.

But that law hasn't stopped a flow of money that has become pervasive as the
cost of elections has skyrocketed. Nor has it curbed the fund-raising role of
lobbyists, which is such an accepted fact of political life in Maryland that
even the governor has no qualms about openly making use of it.


The average cost of winning one of the 47 state Senate seats this year has been
estimated at more than $ 80,000, and of winning one of the 141 House of
Delegates seats, nearly $ 40,000. More than $ 14 million was spent to lobby the
General Assembly members last year, up from $ 2.8 million a decade ago.

Organizers of the "Tribute to Taylor" printed a slick brochure touting his
achievements and picturing him with entertainer Dolly Parton, golf legend Jack
Nicklaus and many of Maryland's leading Democratic officeholders. Smack in the
middle of one photograph was a smiling Bereano, who has long been the state's
top generator of both lobbying fees and campaign contributions.

Bereano was accused in a federal indictment this week of violating state
election laws that placed a $ 5,000 limit on the amount an individual could give
to political campaigns in 1990. He was indicted on eight felony counts of mail
fraud.

Prosecutors, who spent 17 months investigating his activities, say Bereano
channeled $ 16,000 through friends and relatives to candidates' campaigns, then
disguised the contributions as entertainment expenses and charged it to lobbying
clients.

Bereano, who has a reputation for working on the edge, could fight the charges
in court by arguing that he lived up to the letter of the law. And even if there
were state election law infractions in 1990, Bereano could argue that the
statute of limitations has expired.

For lobbyists, Bereano's indictment was a stark reminder of the pitfalls of
participating in what even some lobbyists view as a political shakedown to
funnel money into campaign war chests. But given the culture of cash in
Annapolis, lobbyists have little choice.

"I think the indictment sent a shock wave through the lobbying community," said
Gerard E. Evans, one of the top-paid advocates in Annapolis. "But it's not
something you can withdraw from and survive as a lobbyist."

Bereano, a 49-year-old lawyer, was the most visible player in the Annapolis
money game, raising money for legislators, gubernatorial candidates, even for an
official portrait of former governor Marvin Mandel.

Trying to maximize his fund-raising influence, Bereano created his own political
action committee in 1990, which doled out about $ 20,000 to candidates. He also
influenced PACs established by his clients that had a collective treasury of
nearly $ 200,000.

Bereano, whose annual lobbying fees often range from $ 750,000 to $ 1 million,
during a 1993 interview defended his lobbying methods, which included a
controversial -- and legal -- practice of expense billing that made it hard to
trace his lavish entertainment of lawmakers. By prorating the cost of
entertaining lawmakers among his dozens of clients, Bereano often did not reach
the threshold for reporting expenditures on individual lawmakers by name.

"I do take things to the line. But I know where that line is, and I never cross
it," he said last year, sitting at his reserved table at the Maryland Inn,
across the street from his Annapolis office.

The trait that sets him apart from other lobbyists, Bereano said, is his
willingness to be confrontational in the face of adversity, a trait he ascribed
to the mental toughness and self-reliance taught by his parents.

That brashness may be needed as Bereano heads into his toughest confrontation
yet, hoping to salvage his reputation and career in what could be a highly
charged courtroom battle.

Sources said it is unlikely the combative Bereano will plead guilty to any
charges to avoid trial.

Bereano and his attorney, M. Albert Figinski, declined to comment yesterday.

Sources in Bereano's law firm said the FBI heavily scrutinized Bereano's private
and professional records and interviewed 55 of his clients.

Some witnesses interviewed by the FBI told The Washington Post that Bereano
often instructed employees to donate to political campaigns and later reimbursed
them.

The FBI agents interviewed several lawmakers who received contributions from
Bereano or his associates. One of those interviewed was former state senator
Tommie Broadwater, a Prince George's County Democrat who unsuccessfully tried a
political comeback in 1990 after a conviction on food stamp fraud charges.

Broadwater said yesterday that he was interviewed about six months ago by FBI
agents, who asked about some political contributors whose names Broadwater did
not recall.

"I let them know Bruce was a friend of mine," Broadwater said. "I don't handle
the money from my campaign. He's a very good friend of mine. I'm sorry he got
indicted. I hope he beats the charges."

Federal prosecutors allege in their indictment that Bereano illegally
contributed to political candidates by funneling money through family members
and employees of his law firm.

One election law specialist said the charges would test the state law
prohibiting individuals from donating to campaigns under another name.

The specialist said campaign contributions from individuals must be evaluated
case by case to see whether they conform to the law; a prosecutor would have to
prove the intent and mental state of the person who makes the contribution.

State Attorney General J. Joseph Curran Jr., who is not involved in the Bereano
prosecution, said state law spells out that a campaign contribution must go
directly from the contributor to the treasurer of the candidate and not pass
through an intermediary.

"An example is if you give me $ 1,000 and tell me to do with it what you will,
that's my choice," Curran said yesterday. "But if you give me the money saying,
'Here's $ 1,000 and give it to such and such,' that would be a violation."


LOAD-DATE: May 28, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              980 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             May 12, 2012 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Cuomo lobbying group raised $17.5 million

BYLINE: By Tom Precious - NEWS ALBANY BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 547 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


A lobbying group that promotes Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo's policies -- and his poll
standings -- released its 2011 tax forms Friday, showing it raised $17.5 million
from its benefactors.

The IRS filings do not list specific donors to the group but do show a healthy
expenditure of funds with out-of-state firms to help it do its New York policy
campaigning.

The Committee to Save New York -- whose chairman is a wealthy New York City real
estate developer -- has run various ad campaigns paralleling the governor's
agenda in Albany since he took office. The group even took out television ads in
March urging voters to push lawmakers to back the governor's state budget plan
-- after legislative leaders already agreed to the deals.

The group, in its federal tax filing as a 501(c) entity, reported $12.2 million
in spending and a balance of $5.3 million.

CSNY, a tax-exempt organization, noted its mission in 2011 was to promote an
on-time budget and property tax cap with the help of a media campaign "to
educate the public on issues that affect the fiscal and economic recovery of New
York State."

While its major ad campaigns ran in New York State, the group turned to
out-of-state entities for everything from its tax preparation to advertising
work. The group used a Paramus, N.J., tax preparer to complete its IRS forms.

Its biggest expense was $9.7 million for "media/radio" expenses by a
Chicago-based firm called ASGK Public Strategies -- whose clients include a
number of private entities with business before New York State government.

ASGK was founded by David Axelrod, who is President Obama's campaign strategist
and has represented a string of statewide campaigns in New York.

Its clients also have included, according to its website, a bridge in Detroit
that has been a source of border traffic competition for the Peace Bridge.

CSNY's leadership for the beginning of January 2011 included three people
associated with Tishman Speyer, a Manhattan real estate company, including
Robert Speyer, who still serves as CSNY's one-hour-per-week president. The IRS
filing said that for all but three days in January, Tishman Speyer "did not have
'control' of the corporation" as defined by IRS rules.

CSNY was Albany's biggest spending lobbying group last year, and the money flow
continued during March and April this year -- its most recent reporting period
-- when it reported, also on Friday, that it unleashed another $4 million on
promoting Cuomo's agenda for the budget and a new pension tier for public
employees.

The group also filed an amended report with state lobbying regulators showing
expenditures of $250,000 "at the tail end of 2010" when CSNY was being formed --
just after Cuomo's election.

CSNY took credit for promoting a budget plan adopted in March "without new
taxes." In fact, the 2012 budget was helped considerably by an income tax hike
on wealthy people passed in December and will be worth about $2 billion in tax
revenues this year.

While promoting Cuomo's agenda, it has at least indirectly helped keep Cuomo
from spending huge amounts of cash from his campaign account to promote himself
with New Yorkers. In January, the governor listed a campaign balance of $14.4
million -- making him by far the richest officeholder in Albany.

email: tprecious@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              981 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              April 1, 2002 Monday

Local workers are lobbying for Andersen;
The 900 employees in Phila. are contacting lawmakers, pleading for support of
Paul Volcker's rescue proposal.

BYLINE: Henry J. Holcomb Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 459 words


Arthur Andersen L.L.P.'s 900 employees here are mounting a campaign to plead
with lawmakers home for the Easter recess to back Paul Volcker's plan to save
their company.

They are writing letters, sending faxes and phoning their senators and
representatives, asking them to support the former Federal Reserve chairman's
plan to salvage the firm by installing new leadership and selling consulting and
other non-auditing units.

Similar lobbying efforts are being undertaken across the country. They come at
the busiest time of the year for the auditing and tax arms of the venerable
accounting firm linked to the bankruptcy of Enron Corp.

Many clients, fearing imminent bankruptcy, are pressing Andersen for accelerated
service, wanting to assure that their work gets done, said Todd M. Irwin, a
manager on the consulting side of Andersen's Philadelphia office.

Partners are working deep into the night, even on weekends, he said.

"Our people are remaining focused on our clients, putting our clients first even
though we're under attack," said Irwin, who has joined in the lobbying campaign.

Adding to the somber mood, the firm on Friday told employees that its annual
profit-sharing would not be paid March 31, as it has been for years. The
payment, if it is made at all, would not come until summer, after layoffs that
are expected to begin this week.

Lawmakers are being asked to sign letters to Volcker that "express words of
encouragement and offer support," said William L. McCusker, a Philadelphia-based
Andersen partner.

"We're also looking to see who is willing to speak up and question the actions
of the Department of Justice," McCusker said, referring to the criminal
indictment of his company alleging that it obstructed justice by shredding Enron
Corp. documents.

This lobbying follows an aggressive public relations campaign - beginning with
March 21 rallies in Philadelphia, Boston and Washington - that has drawn fire
from the Justice Department.

In papers filed in U.S. District Court in Houston last week, federal prosecutors
accused Andersen, a global partnership with 84,000 employees, of manipulating
public opinion.

But the harshly worded document, reflective of the increasingly combative stance
on both sides, did not slow the Andersen lobbying effort. Irwin, the
Philadelphia-based manager, said, "Our lawyers say we have a First Amendment
right to free speech."

If the Justice Department action on Thursday had persuaded his Andersen bosses
to try to quash the lobbying effort, Irwin said, it would have gone ahead
anyway. "A lot of people here have so much at risk. So much is changing. They
would still do it on their own."

Contact Henry J. Holcomb at 215-854-2614 or hholcomb@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                  Copyright 2002 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              982 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 31, 2015 Monday
                                Suburban Edition

Planned Parenthood's aggressive defense

BYLINE: Catherine Ho;Kelsey Snell

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 808 words


From washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost

Planned Parenthood on defense

Planned Parenthood is using virtually every tool in its lobbying arsenal to
defend against attacks from conservatives and antiabortion activists who are
urging Congress and state governments to cut off funding for the women's health
group following the release last month of undercover videos showing officials
discussing sharing aborted fetal tissue with researchers.

The efforts are widespread and are unfolding inside and outside the Beltway.
Since the Center for Medical Progress, an antiabortion group, released its first
video July 14, Planned Parenthood has been organizing rallies, flooding
lawmakers' town-hall meetings, commissioning polls, shelling out six figures for
television ads and hiring forensics experts to try to discredit the footage.

The success of the lobbying efforts will be put to the test next month when
Congress returns and has to move a short-term spending bill to keep the
government open. Some conservatives in both chambers are pushing for Planned
Parenthood's federal funding to be cut off even if a standoff with Democrats
leads to a government shutdown.

"We are pursuing it in order to stop sending taxpayers' money to a group that
engages in activity that many people find abhorrent and repulsive," said Rep.
Mick Mulvaney (R-S.C.), one of 18 lawmakers who have pledged to oppose a
spending bill with Planned Parenthood funding.

The group is hoping its August maneuvering will stop the defunding effort.

In West Virginia and Iowa this month, Planned Parenthood supporters flocked to
town-hall meetings to lobby Sen. Joe Manchin III (W.Va.), the first Democratic
senator to oppose funding the organization, and Sen. Joni Ernst (R-Iowa), who is
co-sponsoring legislation to defund it.

In New Mexico, an art installation titled "Thank You, Planned Parenthood" is
underway. In Utah, where Gov. Gary R. Herbert (R) wants to redirect Planned
Parenthood's federal money to other health agencies, several hundred people
rallied at the capitol in support of continued funding for the organization.

In New Hampshire, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin - where state officials or
congressional representatives are pushing to halt the group's funding - ads are
airing on local television and cable stations. In those states, Planned
Parenthood also commissioned polls that show low public support for legislators
who want to shut down the government over the funding fight.

Planned Parenthood supporters have placed 62,000 phone calls to lawmakers,
collected 900,000 signatures on #StandWithPP petitions and gained 60,000 new
Facebook supporters. Officials say donations to the organization are up, though
they did not give a specific dollar figure.

Last week, Planned Parenthood sent a report to congressional leaders of an
analysis by a research firm that found that the videos were altered. The
analysis was commissioned by the group and completed by Fusion GPS, a
Washington-based firm that provides research and intelligence for corporations.

"Planned Parenthood's desperate, 11th-hour attempt to pay their hand-picked
'experts' to distract from the crimes documented on video is a complete
failure," David Daleiden, founder of the Center for Medical Progress, said in an
Aug. 27 statement .

Planned Parenthood declined to say how much the campaign is costing, but the
television ads alone total at least $517,000, according to the Sunlight
Foundation, which tracks political ad buys reported by television stations to
the Federal Communications Commission. More than half of that, about $290,000,
was spent on television ads airing in the Washington, D.C., region in late July,
right before the Senate voted to block the GOP-led House bill to halt federal
funds for Planned Parenthood.

It is illegal to sell fetal tissue for profit, but individuals can consent to
donate tissue. Planned Parenthood has maintained that it does not sell fetal
tissue for profit and that it has programs in three states - California,
Washington and Oregon - where women can donate it following an abortion, adding
that those programs comply with the law.

Last year, Planned Parenthood received $528 million in federal funding. By law,
public funds cannot pay for abortions, but antiabortion groups say federal
funding is indirectly subsidizing the procedures.

The videos have prompted congressional committees and several states to
investigate the group's fetal-tissue practices. The state probes that have been
completed have not uncovered evidence of wrongdoing.

House leaders are debating how to address a push to immediately defund the
organization. The initial plan was to channel lawmakers' anger into a series of
investigations and steer the GOP away from tying the issue to federal spending
bills. Hearings are expected next month.

catherine.ho@washpost.com

kelsey.snell@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                          September 22, 2011 Thursday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Philly lobbyist rules to be revised

BYLINE: By Bob Warner; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News Local; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 354 words


Bowing slightly to protests from lawyers, businesses, and nonprofit
organizations, the city Board of Ethics agreed Wednesday to revise proposed
rules for the city's first lobbyist registration law, now likely to take effect
in October.

It will require professional lobbyists - people paid to represent businesses,
nonprofits and other interests in dealings with city agencies - to disclose
their affiliations and file quarterly reports on their expenses.

The Philadelphia Bar Association had filed a lawsuit in June against the Ethics
Board's first set of regulations. The bar claimed that the board had defined
lobbying too broadly, as any effort "to influence legislative action or
administration action."

The new rules are more specific, exempting the work of lawyers, accountants, and
others who deal repeatedly with city agencies on behalf of ordinary clients with
routine problems.

"People will not have to worry about having routine ministerial contacts with
the city government, the stuff that happens day to day, things like standing in
line at L&I, that's not lobbying," said the board's executive director, J. Shane
Creamer Jr. "It's only when you're trying to influence a broader policy within
city government that you get into the lobbying requirements."

The registration and disclosure requirements would be triggered by businesses or
lobbying firms passing specified thresholds - at least 20 hours of time or
$2,500 in expenditures devoted to lobbying city officials within a calendar
quarter.

"It's clearly a big improvement over the previous version," Bar Association
chancellor Rudolph Garcia said of the new regulations. "The ethics board and
staff deserve a lot of credit for working so hard to address everyone's
concerns, not just the bar's but the business community and others'."

Creamer said he hoped to get the new regulations published around Oct. 7, giving
lobbying firms at least until November to register and identify their clients.
Their first reports on lobbying expenditures would be due at the end of January.

Contact staff writer Bob Warner at 215-854-5885 or warnerb@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              984 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             October 6, 2008 Monday
                                  City Edition

Point of view ;
Lobbying;
It's time to restrict lobbying expenditures

BYLINE: Phil G. Busey

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 463 words


"D.C.'s election blame game" (Opinion, Sept. 29) talked about the importance of
lobbyists in Washington. While lobbyists have been a part of the government
scene since the beginning, the past decade has witnessed unprecedented growth in
lobbying influence for special interests. I don't disagree that lobbyists can
serve an important roll for taxpayers, but the reality is the most influential
special interests have dominated lobbying activities and money talks.

With new ethics reforms in Washington, the foxes in the hen house are trying to
police themselves. It isn't enough to fix a broken system. A big business now
stands between voters and Congress. Lobbyists still roam the halls of Congress
representing a multibillion-dollar industry that reshapes how laws are passed,
diminishing the influence of individual voters with priorities of special
interests.

The drug lobby alone spends more than $100 million a year in campaign
contributions to protect their industry. Influenced by this powerful lobby, the
Medicare drug bill has fueled pharmaceutical profits in the multibillions, much
higher than projected. Congressmen said the lobbyists basically wrote the bill.
The whole process was driven by special-interest dealings.  This is system out
of control.

Lobbyists, bankrolled by special interests, assert influence much greater than
in proportion to their actual representation. This alarmingly shifts power to
special interests away from voters. We need to be concerned. The primary
accountability of Congress should be to the people. If we can't hire a lobbyist,
we may not gain clout to be heard. A company with an issue was told it is better
served going through a lobbyist "because the congressman trusted him." What
about trusting the people who elected him?

Cities and states spend taxpayer dollars in record amounts for lobbyists to
secure federal tax funds to the tune of $1 billion annually. Proponents say it's
the only way to compete. Opponents argue the ultimate losers are taxpayers. The
Center for Public Integrity reports that more than 122 Oklahoma businesses,
tribes, agencies and schools alone spent $37 million lobbying for federal
dollars from 1998 to 2004. The Wall Street Journal reports funds for lobbying,
the highest ever at the national level, topped $2.36 billion in 2005.

It's time we demand accountability and reforms for a big business standing
between us and our representatives. Congressional ethics reforms are a start.
Special interests can only exert huge influence if we let them. There is no
influence greater than educated voters. While we face budget shortfalls and
economic crisis, it is time to restrict lobbying expenditures. It is time to be
heard.

Busey is chairman and CEO of The Busey Group of Companies, in Oklahoma City.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OPINION

GRAPHIC: Phil Busey

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             October 6, 2008 Monday
                                  City Edition

Point of view ;
Lobbying;
It's time to restrict lobbying expenditures

BYLINE: Phil G. Busey

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 463 words


"D.C.'s election blame game" (Opinion, Sept. 29) talked about the importance of
lobbyists in Washington. While lobbyists have been a part of the government
scene since the beginning, the past decade has witnessed unprecedented growth in
lobbying influence for special interests. I don't disagree that lobbyists can
serve an important roll for taxpayers, but the reality is the most influential
special interests have dominated lobbying activities and money talks.

With new ethics reforms in Washington, the foxes in the hen house are trying to
police themselves. It isn't enough to fix a broken system. A big business now
stands between voters and Congress. Lobbyists still roam the halls of Congress
representing a multibillion-dollar industry that reshapes how laws are passed,
diminishing the influence of individual voters with priorities of special
interests.

The drug lobby alone spends more than $100 million a year in campaign
contributions to protect their industry. Influenced by this powerful lobby, the
Medicare drug bill has fueled pharmaceutical profits in the multibillions, much
higher than projected. Congressmen said the lobbyists basically wrote the bill.
The whole process was driven by special-interest dealings.  This is system out
of control.

Lobbyists, bankrolled by special interests, assert influence much greater than
in proportion to their actual representation. This alarmingly shifts power to
special interests away from voters. We need to be concerned. The primary
accountability of Congress should be to the people. If we can't hire a lobbyist,
we may not gain clout to be heard. A company with an issue was told it is better
served going through a lobbyist "because the congressman trusted him." What
about trusting the people who elected him?

Cities and states spend taxpayer dollars in record amounts for lobbyists to
secure federal tax funds to the tune of $1 billion annually. Proponents say it's
the only way to compete. Opponents argue the ultimate losers are taxpayers. The
Center for Public Integrity reports that more than 122 Oklahoma businesses,
tribes, agencies and schools alone spent $37 million lobbying for federal
dollars from 1998 to 2004. The Wall Street Journal reports funds for lobbying,
the highest ever at the national level, topped $2.36 billion in 2005.

It's time we demand accountability and reforms for a big business standing
between us and our representatives. Congressional ethics reforms are a start.
Special interests can only exert huge influence if we let them. There is no
influence greater than educated voters. While we face budget shortfalls and
economic crisis, it is time to restrict lobbying expenditures. It is time to be
heard.

Busey is chairman and CEO of The Busey Group of Companies, in Oklahoma City.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OPINION

GRAPHIC: Phil Busey

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            April 29, 2010 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Lobbyists rev up over U.S. agenda;
Paying 'top dollar' for input in 2010

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 564 words


WASHINGTON -- Special interests spent $916 million to shape legislation and
government policy during the first three months of the year, new lobbying
reports show.

The spending comes as Congress and President Obama pursue a legislative agenda
that touches virtually all parts of the U.S. economy -- from bills on health
care and energy to new regulations for banks and Wall Street firms.

The lobbying expenses exceed the $848.1 million spent during the same period in
2009, according to figures tallied by the non-partisan CQ MoneyLine. Lobbyists
spent an average $305 million a month from January to March to influence policy
this year -- more than double the monthly rate of spending a decade ago.

Kent Cooper, a former Federal Election Commission official and expert on money
in politics, said the increased spending ensures companies get heard on Capitol
Hill. "As new regulation is being considered, they are willing to pay top dollar
to get up close and personal with the legislators who can help or hurt their
profit margins," he said.

Health care interests spent the most during the first three months of the year,
as Congress completed action on a sweeping bill mandating Americans have
insurance coverage. Other top-spending sectors, such as finance, also face
dramatic new regulation of their industries if legislation now being weighed by
Congress becomes law.

Energy and natural resource interests, bracing for Senate action on a
comprehensive energy and climate change bill, spent $125.5 million during the
first quarter -- or nearly a 30% jump over what the industry spent on lobbying
during the same period last year. The legislation is aimed at slowing global
warming by reducing emissions of greenhouse gases.

The Edison Electric Institute, a utility trade group, dramatically increased
spending, reporting $4.2 million on first-quarter lobbying expenses, federal
records show. That's a 63% increase over the amount the association spent during
the same period in 2009.

"Climate change has been a major investment in time for us and our customers,"
said Jim Owen, a spokesman for the institute. The group is scrambling to ensure
utilities would receive free pollution credits to emit greenhouse gases under
proposed legislation, rather than bid on them in an auction. Owen said the
savings would be passed on to customers.

Pacific Gas and Electric (PG&E), meanwhile, reported spending nearly $25.8
million on lobbying and outreach efforts during the first three months of this
year -- the single-largest lobbying bill reported to Congress this year.

Most of the money went to bankroll an initiative on the June primary ballot in
California, requiring the approval of two-thirds of voters before a government
entity could start a new public utility and potentially limiting the ability of
municipal power agencies to compete with the company.

The power company, along with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, discloses
advertising and other advocacy efforts at both the state and federal level on
its lobbying reports.

"It's important for our customers to have a say on who their energy provider
will be," Brian Hertzog, PG&E's director of corporate affairs, said of the
ballot initiative. The group reported spending $670,000 on lobbying during the
first three months of 2009.

The second-biggest spender: the U.S. Chamber of Commerce at $25.1 million,
according to MoneyLine's tally.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Julie Snider, USA TODAY, Source: CQ MoneyLine (Bar graph)

PHOTO, B/W, Ken James, Bloomberg

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                              July 18, 2011 Monday

Stinson recruits former Missouri congressman for lobbying practice

BYLINE: Christine Simmons

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 150  words


A former Missouri congressman is joining Stinson Morrison Hecker's lobbying
practice in Washington.

The Kansas City-based law firm announced Monday that Tom Coleman will join as
senior counsel of the law firm and as a member of the firm's government
solutions group.

Coleman was a Republican congressman for 16 years from 1976-1993, representing
Clay, Platte and Buchanan counties in northwest Missouri. Earlier, he served as
an assistant attorney general.

For the past six years, Coleman was affiliated with the lobbying group The
Livingston Group, according to Stinson's announcement. Lobbying disclosure
reports indicate his clients have included William Jewell College in Liberty,
the Metal Construction Association and BASF Corp. After his time in Congress,
Coleman served 10 years as vice president of government relations for BASF
Corp., the U.S. subsidiary of the chemical company based in Germany.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Indianapolis Business Journal

                                  July 7, 2009

Lilly kicks lobbying into high gear

LENGTH: 392 words


Lilly kicks lobbying into high gear Once again, Eli Lilly and Co. is running in
the lead pack in dollars spent to bend ears on Capitol Hill. And that was even
before the health care reform debate got rolling. Through the first quarter, the
Indianapolis-based drugmaker waas on pace to break the record lobbying bill it
racked up last year, when itt led all pharmaceutical firms by spending nearly
$12.5 million, accord ing to the Center for Responsive Politics.

So far this year, Lilly has spent $3.4 million, ranking it 12th among all U.S.
corporations. It has a team of 48 lobbyists swarming the nation's capital. One
quarter of them work for Lilly full time.

Among drugmakers, Lilly runs second only to New York-based Pfizer Inc., which
has spent a whopping $6.1 million so far this year, according to the Center for
Responsive Politics. Pfizer, however, is more than twice as large as Lilly.

Lilly has more reasons than usual to be concerned about healtth care reform
bills in Congress. Lilly derives a larger share of its sales from government
health programs-18 percent-than any other major American drugmaker, according to
Zack's Equity Research analyst Jason Napodano. Some in Congress want to allow
the federal Medicare program to negotiate for bigger discounts from drugmakers.
To stave off even worse outcomes, the industry recently agreed to 50-percent
cuts in their drug prices when Medicare recipients burn through enough of their
benefits that they have to pay out of pocket. Because Lilly sells so much of its
best-seller, Zyprexa, to Medicare recipients, the deal will cost Lilly 13 cents
a share per year in profits, according to an analysis by Cowen & Co. That's more
than any other drugmaker, Cowen concluded. Congress also wants to OK generic
biotech drugs-something Lilly supports as long as it gets more than a decade of
exclusive sales first. Nearly half of Lilly's late-stage pipeline drugs are in
the biotech arena. The biggest hit of all, however, could come from President
Obama's proposed changes to corporate taxes. By taxing foreign profits at U.S.
rates and cutting tax credits for research and development, Obama's plan could
raise drugmakers' effective tax rates to about 30 percent, Napodano estimated.
Lilly has been paying corporate taxes at a 21-percent rate - lower than all but
three other major American drugmakers.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 25, 2007 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Rush to Vaccinate

BYLINE: By Sigrid Fry-Revere.

Sigrid Fry-Revere is the director of bioethics studies at the Cato Institute.

SECTION: Section 14CN; Column 4; Connecticut Weekly Desk; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 762 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


THERE'S nothing wrong with drug makers publicizing their products, but the lure
of lucrative government contracts can prompt them to play fast and loose. In
lobbying state lawmakers to make its latest vaccine mandatory, Merck has greatly
exaggerated both the threat of a disease and the ability of a drug to prevent
it. (True, Merck has promised to stop lobbying, but lawmakers and the public are
still suffering under misconceptions that the drug company has done nothing to
correct.)

The drug in question is Gardasil, a vaccine for four types of human
papillomavirus, or HPV, two of which are responsible for 70 percent of cervical
cancer cases. The Food and Drug Administration approved Gardasil last year for
use against HPV in females aged 9 to 26. New Mexico, Texas and Virginia have all
recently mandated HPV vaccination for girls, and Connecticut may be next.

DebraLee Hovey, a Republican who represents Monroe and parts of Newtown,
introduced a bill that would require all Connecticut girls to have at least the
first in a series of three HPV shots before entering sixth grade. The bill is
under consideration by the Legislature's Joint Public Health Committee, and
members have until tomorrow to debate the proposed bill and suggest changes.

With a price tag of $360 for three shots, mandatory vaccination would be a boon
for Merck. If all sixth-grade girls were vaccinated, the company could reap
about $9 million a year in Connecticut alone.

Gardasil is not all it's cracked up to be. A recent study published in The
Journal of the American Medical Association found that among women ages 14 to
24, the rate of all 37 types of sexually transmitted HPV combined is 33.8
percent -- much lower than the 50 percent figure cited on Merck's Web site. More
important, the rates for HPV 16 and 18 -- the two types responsible for 70
percent of all cervical cancers -- are astronomically lower: only 1.5 percent
and 0.8 percent, respectively.

And among those cases, last month's American Cancer Society guidelines report
that most HPV infections, even carcinogenic ones, resolve without treatment.
About 75 percent of infections in adults and 90 percent of those in adolescents
disappear on their own.

It's worth noting that the American Cancer Society sees its fight against
cervical cancer as a success story even without Gardasil. When the disease is
detected early through Pap testing, the survival rate is more than 90 percent.

In short, even without the vaccine, when early detection methods are used, the
number of girls who actually are at risk of dying of cervical cancer from HPV is
extremely low. Most of the time, the body takes care of the virus without any
help whatsoever.

Under these circumstances, are we really prepared to spend millions of dollars
administering this vaccine? In truth, it may very well cause more harm than
good.

For instance, what if the vaccine lulls young women into a false sense of
security? Gardasil protects only against the viruses responsible for some
cervical cancers, and women may not realize they need regular Pap tests even
though they've been vaccinated. As a result, many precancerous conditions may go
undetected until it's too late.

Merck's drug trials followed women who received Gardasil for an average of only
three years, so we know little of how long the immunity lasts or the long-term
risks that may be associated with it.

Earlier this month, The New England Journal of Medicine reported similar
problems with the chickenpox vaccine. Not only did the incidence of illness
among those vaccinated against chickenpox increase over time, so did the
severity of the illness itself.

And what if the HPV vaccine causes some horrible side effect to materialize
later? The possibility isn't as far-fetched as you might think. In 1976, swine
influenza caused only one documented death in the United States, but the vaccine
administered by government mandate seriously injured or killed hundreds. It
turned out that the vaccine caused Guillain-Barre syndrome, a rare paralytic
disease similar to polio, with a 5 percent fatality rate and a 10 percent rate
of permanent paralysis.

Mandatory Gardasil vaccinations certainly brighten Merck's future, but it's not
so clear that they're in the best interest of Connecticut's girls. In all but
the clearest cases, health-risk assessments should be left up to individual
families, not only because making such determinations rightly rests with
families, but because it's simply not sensible policy to experiment on such a
large portion of our population all at once.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              990 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 29, 1987, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Ex-Reagan Aides Tied To Big Medicare Group

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 6, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 273 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG, Fla., May 28


The nation's largest Medicare-certified health maintenance organization has
reportedly paid more than $350,000 to former aides of President Reagan for
lobbying and legal fees.

Earlier this month the organization, International Medical Centers Inc., based
in Miami, lost its $30 million-a-month Medicare contract for violating Federal
rules and was taken over by the state after it was found to be insolvent. Miguel
Recarey, president of the group, was indicted last month on charges involving
kickbacks.

The St. Petersburg Times reported Wednesday that the corporation's 1986 tax
records showed a company headed by Lyn Nofziger, a former Reagan aide, received
$300,000 in lobbying fees from I.M.C. and that a law firm headed by John Sears,
a Reagan campaign aide, received $54,000. Mr. Nofziger is being investigated by
a special Federal prosecutor in an unrelated lobbying case.

A concern started by C. M. Haddow, a former administrator of medicare, who
oversaw the I.M.C. contract before quitting Federal service and taking the
company as a client, received $38,000 in fees, the article said.

Kevin Moley, an official of the Medicare program for the elderly and disabled,
was quoted as saying that Mr. Haddow overruled his staff several times while
making key decisions favorable to the health care group, the Times article said.
Mr. Moley said Mr. Haddow acted after receiving calls from Mr. Nofziger, the
article said.

The law firm of Kaye, Scholer, Fierman, Hays & Handler, which employed another
former top Medicare regulator, received slightly less than $800,000 in fees from
I.M.C, according to the newspaper account.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              991 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            January 22, 2008 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

TURNPIKE PAYS HIGH TOLL FOR PA., D.C. LOBBYING

BYLINE: JOE GRATA, PITTSBURGH POST-GAZETTE

SECTION: STATE; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 1426 words


When it comes to lobbying, the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission is one big
spender on the federal and state levels.

In 2007, the turnpike commission spent $396,000 in Washington, D.C., more than
most large cities and states. It was one of only a few U.S. toll road or bridge
agencies to shell out any money at all for politically related activities.

At the same time, the turnpike commission spent an additional $316,200 on what
it characterized as "government relations" at the state level, often to gain the
ear of lawmakers who passed the unprecedented transportation bill this past
summer that directed the agency to toll Interstate 80 and raise its own tolls in
order to provide record amounts of money for the Pennsylvania Department of
Transportation.

Because the lobbying firms received blanket payments, the commission has no
itemized breakdowns to indicate hours worked, individual compensation rates,
specifics of lobbying activities or expenses for travel, lodging and
"wine-and-dine" activities.

Records do identify the lobbyists and subcontractors who did its bidding, many
of whom are former elected officials or other politically connected people, such
as former U.S. Rep. Ron Klink, of Westmoreland County. Joe Brimmeier, who was
Mr. Klink's chief of staff in the 1990s, is now the turnpike commission's chief
executive officer.

In addition to outside firms, the commission has its own $132,000-a-year
political go-between, Director of Government Affairs John Martino, a former
Republican Party official in Lancaster County and executive director of the U.S.
Mint in Philadelphia in the early 1990s.

Although using ex-public officials and high-profile government appointees is
commonplace in lobbying, critics have branded the turnpike commission's lobbying
as self-preservation and a means of offering political rewards.

Turnpike commission officials countered that Washington, D.C., lobbying efforts
have garnered $180.6 million in federal funds since 1991, money they said might
not otherwise have been appropriated to the agency that was self-supporting for
the first 50 years of its 68-year existence.

"We're one of the largest tolling agencies in the world, and we go after the big
dollars," Mr. Brimmeier said. "In order to do that, we hire professionals ...
the best we can find. If the Post-Gazette wanted a transportation story, it
wouldn't hire [veteran sportscaster] Stan Savran to write it."

In a study on spending on federal lobbying by city and state entities during the
first six months of 2007, Washington, D.C.-based Center for Responsive Politics,
a nonprofit research group that tracks political spending, ranked the
Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission fourth nationally on a "Top 15" list.

The commonwealth of Pennsylvania, lobbying separately, led the list at $505,000,
followed by the Puerto Rico Federal Affairs Administration and Miami-Dade
County, Fla., both at $320,000; the Pennsylvania Turnpike, $280,000; and Los
Angeles County, $265,000.

Also, only a few toll road and toll bridge agencies hired their own lobbyists at
the federal level last year, including Orlando-Orange County Expressway
Authority, $60,000 (first six months); Alaska Knik Arm Bridge and Toll
Authority, $50,000; Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District,
$40,000; and Delaware River Port Authority -- the Pennsylvania-New Jersey board
that operates the Benjamin Franklin, Walt Whitman and Betsy Ross toll bridges in
the Philadelphia area -- $110,000.

Other turnpike agencies typically contact their members of Congress directly or
go through lobbying agencies that represent their states as a whole.

The Harrisburg-based Commonwealth Foundation, a research and education group,
said the turnpike commission's big spending on lobbyists is consistent "with its
history as a cash cow for political appointees and campaign contributions."

"It's not surprising that the turnpike commission is willing to spend hundreds
of thousands of dollars to defend its fiefdom," foundation President/Chief
Executive Officer Matthew Brouillette said. "It's unfortunate, however, that
there are so many hired guns willing to work on the commission's behalf and
against the best interests of the people of Pennsylvania."

While noting that the turnpike commission outspent the state of Texas for
federal lobbying, U.S. Rep. John Peterson, R-Venango, said none of Gov. Ed
Rendell's or the commission's "lobbyist buddies" contacted him as a member of
the Pennsylvania congressional delegation before the state chose to toll I-80,
which passes through part of his district.

"I'm not saying it's wrong not to ever hire lobbyists, but spending nearly $1
million is an obvious misuse of the limited transportation resources," said Mr.
Peterson, who was at the forefront of efforts to block I-80 tolling. "It's
obvious that the turnpike commission is a wasteful, unnecessary bureaucracy.
Pennsylvania would be better off without it."

Turnpike commission spokesman Bill Capone said what's obvious are the results:
$79.2 million in federal money for the Mon-Fayette Expressway and Southern
Beltway in southwestern Pennsylvania; $76.3 million for a new
turnpike/Interstate 95 interchange in the Philadelphia area; and $25.1 million
for intelligent transportation systems statewide, such as changeable message
signs and a special fog alert system on a mountainous stretch near Breezewood.

"[Critics] can characterize lobbying any way they want, but look at the
results," Mr. Capone said. "Based on the federal funding earmarks we've
received, it's been money well spent."

Records obtained by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette show 20 people from seven firms
-- five working as subcontractors -- participated in state and federal lobbying
efforts last year.

At the federal level, American Continental Group had a $33,000-a-month contract
to represent the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission. David Urban, its managing
partner, was chief of staff to U.S. Sen. Arlen Specter, R-Pa., from 1997 to
2002.

American Continental contracted some of its representation to other lobbying
firms, including Ron Klink and Associates; Borski Associates, headed by former
U.S. Rep. Bob Borski, D-Philadelphia, once the second-ranking member of the
House Transportation Committee; Pittsburgh law firm Eckert Seamans Cherin &
Mellott Inc.; and Loeper and Associates.

Former state Rep. Dave Mayernik, D-Ross, was identified as participating in
lobbying on behalf of Eckert Seamans. Former state Senate Majority Leader Joseph
Loeper heads Loeper and Associates. He ended up in federal prison in 2002,
partly for not disclosing he was paid $300,000 by a Philadelphia tax collection
agency that sought his assistance in getting state contracts.

At the state level, the turnpike commission paid $26,350 a month to
Harrisburg-based Bravo Corp., a communications and government relations agency
headed by Chris Bravacos, former director of legislative affairs in Gov. Tom
Ridge's administration.

Although Bravo's contract ended Dec. 31 and has not been renewed, Mr. Capone
said that doesn't necessarily mean it won't be.

He said its hiring was justified by intense activities leading up to Act 44 and
its final passage that created a "public-public partnership" between PennDOT and
the turnpike commission, with the latter obligated to generate billions of
dollars in new revenue.

"Act 44 is having a major impact on this agency, like Act 61 [toll road
expansion law], when the Legislature looked to us to finance projects and raise
money that it chose not to do," Mr. Capone said.

"It put us in a unique position as a revenue generator for all types of
transportation in Pennsylvania."

Bravo hired Commonwealth Strategic Solutions and Michael Long as a lobbyist
subcontractor for an unspecified fee. Mr. Long, who was chief of staff to former
Senate President Pro Tem Robert Jubelirer, R-Altoona, was paid a $22,500 bonus
by legislative leaders in 2006 before his boss, Mr. Jubelirer, was defeated in a
re-election bid.

Mr. Long often opposed Democrat policies put forth by Gov. Ed Rendell, who has
proposed leasing the turnpike to private investors despite having signed Act 44
into law.

Turnpike commission records also showed subcontracted lobbying activity was done
on its behalf last year by Roscommon International Inc., of Bala Cynwyd,
Montgomery County. Its President/CEO is Sean M. Reilly, once state and political
director for former U.S. Sen. Rick Santorum, R-Pa. Mr. Reilly holds a nonpaid,
appointed state position as a member of the Pennsylvania State Transportation
Advisory Commission, which is part of PennDOT.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Joe Grata can be reached at jgrata@post-gazette.com

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              992 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             May 21, 2009 Thursday

You're paying for lobbyists;

BYLINE: SEN. BILL AVERY For the Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 618 words


LOCAL VIEW

On any given day, dozens of lobbyists can be found roaming the halls of the
Nebraska Capitol. Most of them represent the usual suspects: business groups,
nonprofits and special interests all jockeying for access to senators. But a
growing number of lobbyists have found a profitable new clientele - government
organizations.

The problem? These lobbyists - whose clients include schools, utility districts
and local governments - are lining their pockets with taxpayer money.

Thirty-seven Nebraska public entities spent $1.3 million in taxpayer money on
lobbyists in 2008. That number is expected to be higher this year. And nowhere
has this trend become more apparent than in the lobbying activities of one
organization - Lincoln Public Schools.

In 2008, LPS spent $79,918 lobbying the Legislature, more than any other public
school district in the state.

The year before that, LPS spent $96,358, dwarfing Omaha Public Schools'
comparatively paltry lobbying budget of $67,750. You read that right. LPS spent
$30,000 more than OPS in 2007, even though Omaha has 12,000 more students and 25
more schools than Lincoln.

Taxpayer money buys not only a full-time lobbyist on the LPS payroll, but the
services of an outside firm as well. There's no doubt that these lobbyists -
both among Lincoln's most skilled and powerful - are very effective advocates.
So why is it we need them both waving the LPS banner?

Surely LPS could survive with just one professional political persuader.

It's not just Lincoln either. Of public entities that hire lobbyists, the
fastest growing segment is schools. Ten years ago, four Nebraska school
districts hired their own lobbyists. This year, 16 districts will write checks
to lobbying firms, a 400 percent increase during the past decade.

Lobbyists are now being hired in place of educators. The Omaha learning
community (which was created just a few months ago) has not yet picked an
administrator, hired a staff person or even found office space. But, you guessed
it, it's already got itself a couple of lobbyists.

Much of the lobbying on behalf of schools is geared toward influencing the state
aid formula. With a little luck, lobbyists hope to provide their client schools
with annual revenue boosts.

This practice, where school districts dole out large sums of taxpayer money in
an effort to secure even more taxpayer money, just doesn't seem right.

It creates an influence arms race, pitting district against district as they
rush to compete for a finite number of state aid dollars. The yearly state aid
adjustment has become a war zone, with lobbyists in the trenches and our
children stuck out in no-man's-land.

Taxpayer-funded lobbying not only distorts the legislative process, but also the
education system itself. Nebraska has 254 school districts. What about the kids
from the 238 school districts that cannot afford professional representation?
The Legislature should not be beyond the reach of any school district, large or
small.

Taxpayer-funded lobbying also creates a feedback loop. Districts that spend more
cash swaying lawmakers sometimes succeed in tweaking the state aid formula to
their advantage, which in turn allows them to buy even more influence. The halls
of the Statehouse become an echo chamber, drowning out the voices of school
administrators, teachers and parents.

This is a practice that must be regulated. That is why I am working on
legislation that will limit school spending on lobbyists. Taxpayer money should
be used to educate our kids, not to fund insular battles over provincial
interests.

If we can't stop the turf war, then let's at least stop paying for it.

Sen. Bill Avery represents the 28th legislative district in central Lincoln.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              993 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Herald & Review (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 18, 2007 Thursday

EDITORIAL: Lobbyist plan worth a try, with scrutiny

BYLINE: Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 583 words


Jan. 18--From the H&R Editorial Staff

The Decatur City Council is poised to spend $60,000 in taxpayer money to get
more lobbying power in Springfield.

The way the money is being dispersed is a little unusual and will bear some
significant scrutiny by the council.

But first, let's admit that the entire idea is a clear indication of a system
out of control. The lobbying industry is huge, with hundreds of registered
lobbyists in Springfield and thousands working in Washington, D.C.

The fact that the city council is considering using tax dollars to send
lobbyists to Springfield to secure tax dollars from the state would be funny if
it weren't so true.

It's also the system that exists and a system that isn't going to change any
time soon. About 50 Illinois cities already employ lobbyists in Springfield,
ranging in size from the city of Chicago to Taylorville and Rantoul.

Idealistically, we wish the system were different. Pragmatically, we understand
why the city feels the need to get in the game.

The city's plan is to spend $30,000 directly with Illinois Strategies LLC, a
lobbying firm that employs Julie Curry, a former representative and member of
Gov. Rod Blagojevich's first administration.

The city plans to hand over another $30,000 to the Greater Decatur Chamber of
Commerce to pay for lobbying efforts on the behalf of Paragon. Paragon stands
for Politically Active Regional Approach to Government & Organizational
Networking and is a coalition of governmental bodies working together to promote
projects that benefit the region as a whole. Paragon also plans to hire Illinois
Strategies.

Projects on the group's priority list for 2007 include an eastside bypass around
Decatur, a lakefront development project in Nelson Park and a global
agribusiness center at Richland Community College.

The $30,000 the city will pay directly to Illinois Strategies will be used to
lobby for city projects and changes in state law that the city supports. In this
arena, the council must make sure the city's lobbying positions benefit the
taxpayers.

The projects being pursued by Paragon would undoubtedly benefit the area as a
whole. The idea behind Paragon is to promote projects as a region instead of
being parochial. It's a good approach.

Randy Prince, executive director of the Chamber, said the contract with Illinois
Strategies would cost between $60,000 and $75,000. He hopes to have other
governmental units put money into the contract, with the Chamber making up the
difference. Prince also emphasized that the lobbying money will be used to
support local legislators in getting projects approved.

Caution should be urged any time tax dollars are given to a private entity.
Doing so obscures the direct relationship between taxpayers and elected
officials.

In this case, Paragon's priorities are important enough to the community that
the program is worth a try. But all those involved must understand and remember
that the involvement of tax dollars require additional responsibilities.
Accountability for how the money is spent should be scrutinized by the council,
and the public deserves regular updates on how its money is being used and
whether the lobbying efforts are successful.

Copyright (c) 2007, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070118-HV-0118-EDITORIAL-Lobbyist-plan-worth-a-try-with-scrutiny

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HV


                         Copyright 2007 Herald & Review


                              994 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            March 6, 2013 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Canadian politicians widen Keystone lobbying efforts

BYLINE: William Marsden, Postmedia News

SECTION: CALGARY BUSINESS; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 515 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


As the decision on the Keystone XL pipeline nears, Canadian governments have
launched an intense lobbying campaign in the United States designed to persuade
influential American politicians and industrial leaders that the pipeline is
vital for U.S. security and economic interests and is also an environmentally
responsible energy source.

The goal is to counter the rising influence of environmental groups such as the
prominent Sierra Club and 350.org, whose leaders have lobbied vigorously to try
to kill the 1,800-kilometre pipeline that will transport oilsands bitumen from
Alberta and shale oil from Montana and North Dakota to Texas refineries.

Environmentalists have succeeded in changing the debate from one of purely
economic and energy security issues to the environment, forcing Canada to
justify its record on boreal forest destruction and on greenhouse gas (GHG)
reductions.

Joe Oliver, Canada's natural resources minister, was in Chicago Tuesday and is
in Houston Wednesday, where he will speak to the IHS Cambridge Energy Research
Associates' annual conference.

Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall is in Washington this week where he will meet
with more than a dozen senators and representatives from both parties plus State
Department officials.

Those visits follow trips to Washington last month by Alberta Premier Alison
Redford and Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird.

U.S. President Barack Obama will make the final decision on Keystone, which is
not expected before the summer. By law he must base it on the broadly flexible
idea of U.S. national interests.

This is one reason Oliver's first stop in his U.S. tour was Chicago, which is in
Obama's home state and a powerful Democrat power base.

In a speech to the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, he outlined the economic
advantages and environmental record of the oilsands.

"The development of new oilsands projects will generate more jobs in Illinois
than any other state," he said, adding "570,000 person years of employment will
be created over the next 25 years in Illinois."

Oliver later met with Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Obama's former chief of staff
and a close political ally.

Oliver said he discussed how "Canadian oil represents an environmentally
responsible contributor to jobs and growth in Chicago and throughout Illinois."

Oliver told the Council on Global Affairs he came to Chicago to correct the
"false information about the oilsands" spread by opponents of oilsands expansion
and "give you the unvarnished goods."

He said the oilsands have attracted about $160 billion in investment because it
is a "free enterprise" opportunity in a world where 80 per cent of oil reserves
are state controlled.

"That is why so many U.S. companies have invested heavily in the oilsands," he
said.

"America needs oil and Canada has an abundance of it," he said. "It only makes
sense to work together toward our common goals of improving the environment,
growing the economy and strengthening our common security."

He said the oilsands "are subject to some of the most stringent environmental
regulations and monitoring in the world."

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Darryl Dyck, The Canadian Press; Natural Resources Minister Joe Oliver
was in Chicago Tuesday lobbying for the Keystone XL pipeline.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2013 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              995 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 18, 2014 Monday

Massachusetts: Lobbying Firm to Pay $100,000 to Resolve Allegations of
Inappropriate Contingency Fee Agreement

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Boston


The office of Attorney General, The State of Massachusetts has issued the
following news release:

A lobbying firm will pay $100,000 to resolve allegations that they profited from
an inappropriate contingency fee agreement with a Brighton hospital, Attorney
General Martha Coakley announced today.

A joint disposition agreement was entered into today between the Commonwealth
and the Brennan Group, Inc. (Brennan Group) in which the Brennan Group will
return $100,000 to Franciscan Hospital for Children (FHC) for allegedly
arranging contingency fee agreements in violation of lobbying laws.

"Lobbying firms are prohibited from entering into contingency fee agreements
because they create an appearance of impropriety," AG Coakley said. "Our office
will continue to ensure that the relationships between lobbyists and their
clients conform with the law."

According to the disposition agreement, in July 2006, the Brennan Group entered
into a new payment contract with FHC, a pediatric rehabilitation hospital
located in Brighton, MA.

In this contract, the Brennan Group agreed to lobby the legislature on FHC's
behalf with respect to Pediatric Disproportionate Share Hospital (P-DiSH)
Medicaid payments as well as funds from the New Essential Community Provider
Trust Fund (ECPTF).

In return, FHC agreed to pay the Brennan Group a five percent fee on the first
$1 million of any P-DiSH or ECPTF payments and a three percent fee on any
subsequent P-DiSH or ECPTF payments received by FHC following legislative
appropriation and disbursement of these funds by the Massachusetts Department of
Health and Human Services.

Pursuant to the July 2006 agreement, following the receipt of P-DiSH and ECPTF
funds, FHC made fee payments to the Brennan Group totaling more than $370,000.

In the disposition agreement, the AG's Office alleges that the payments made to
the Brennan Group by FHC pursuant to this agreement were contingent upon the
passage of legislation and therefore violated state law prohibiting lobbyists
from entering into contingency fee agreements with clients.

This case was handled by Assistant Attorney General Michael Pine, of Attorney
General Coakley's Public Integrity Division, along with Massachusetts State
Police assigned to the AG's Office.

For further information please visit: http://www.mass.gov/ago

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              996 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           February 22, 2011 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Ex-lawmakers not far from action on the Hill;
They don't lobby (yet), but their employers do

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 565 words


WASHINGTON -- The tough job market doesn't seem to be hurting many former
members of Congress. Less than three months after leaving Capitol Hill, a dozen
have found work so far with groups that seek to influence their former
colleagues, despite rules that impose restrictions on lobbying once they leave
office.

Former House members can't lobby federal lawmakers for one year after serving in
Congress; senators have a two-year "cooling off" period. However, they can work
for lobbying firms, trade associations and consulting groups to provide
behind-the-scenes advice to clients on the ways of Washington.

"I'm like the puppeteer," said Charles Melancon, a former Louisiana congressman
who started work this month as senior vice president of government relations for
the International Franchise Association. "I sit down with the staff I have and
the consultants, and we discuss where we need to go, who we need to see, what
the issues are. Then, they will go to the Hill," said Melancon, a Democrat who
left Congress last month after an unsuccessful U.S. Senate bid.

Others at firms that work to influence government policy include former Utah
senator Robert Bennett, a Republican who is a senior policy adviser at the law
and lobbying firm Arent Fox; and former Democratic congressman Michael Arcuri,
who has joined a New York law firm.

Overall, about 350 ex-lawmakers dating to the 1960s have worked for lobbying
firms and other groups that seek to shape policy, according to data from the
non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics. "It's the way of Washington," the
center's David Levinthal said. "You have lawmakers doing what's supposed to be
in the public interest one moment, and they stop on a dime and represent special
interests the next moment."

Bennett, who lost his bid for a third term last year, said there's nothing wrong
with lobbying. "I not only have no objection to lobbying," he said, "I recognize
it as a fundamental American right."

Bennett, 77,  also has formed a consulting firm, teaches at the University of
Utah and is at work on a book. He said he is unlikely to register as a lobbyist
once the two-year ban expires because "it's very time-consuming. I find there
are younger people who are very vigorous in doing it."

He's not the only ex-lawmaker wearing many hats. After retiring from the Senate
last month, Indiana Democrat Evan Bayh quickly acquired two jobs: He's a senior
adviser with Apollo Global Management, a private equity firm; and a partner at
McGuireWoods, a law and lobbying firm. Bayh provides "strategic" advice to
clients "impacted by the actions of Congress, the executive branch, or by
governors and legislators across the country," according to McGuireWoods'
website.

Bayh declined to comment.

Arcuri joined the Syracuse-based law firm of Hancock Estabrook, where his work
will include litigation and government affairs. He said he's not planning to
register as a federal lobbyist, but "I have a lot of experience in working with
government, so I certainly hope to get involved with governments and helping out
any way I can, as long as it doesn't involve lobbying the federal government."

Melancon said he will become a lobbyist when his cooling-off period ends. Until
then, he said, he won't contact his ex-colleagues.

"I won't talk to them. I won't go to their fundraisers. I won't give them phone
calls," he said. "I'm going to live by the rules."

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, AP
PHOTO, B/W, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              997 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 5, 2005 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

11 Days and Counting

SECTION: Section 14WC; Column 1; Westchester Weekly Desk; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 326 words


With 11 more working days to go in this year's session in Albany, New York's
State Legislature still has plenty of work to do. Normally, of course, this end
game is all wrapped up in the budget, where financing and favors are tied into a
big, incomprehensible maze. This year, however, the Legislature showed how it
could get the budget done on time by April 1, thus breaking its 21-year record
of late budgets.

So what have New York's lawmakers been doing with all this extra time left until
the session ends in late June? The answer is, not much.

Here are some vital reforms needing approval:

Lobbying Reform: Inspired in part by the tireless lobbying of former Senator
Alfonse D'Amato, an effort is underway to require lobbyists for state contracts
to register just as they would if they were lobbying the Legislature. Mr.
D'Amato famously earned $500,000 for a single telephone call to the head of the
Metropolitan Transportation Authority.

Ethics reform. The State Senate appears to be blocking a fix for what reformers
call the ''get out of jail free'' loophole for state employees. State ethics
commissioners now cannot pursue any state employee who resigns from the job.

Bottle bill. New York needs to expand its bottle law to cover water bottles and
to capture some of the profits for bottles that are not redeemed. Instead, a few
legislators from the Assembly and the Senate want to move in the opposite
direction. Assemblymen Paul Tokasz and Brian McLaughlin, both strong voices in
the Legislature, are among those who want to repeal the law that reimburses a
nickel for each empty can or bottle you return to the local grocer. This law has
done more to curb littering than a whole army of volunteers.

There are plenty of other big-ticket items -- a voting machine law, campaign
finance reform, controls on secretive state authorities, an independent
redistricting commission. Albany's lawmakers have much to do before they hit the
beach.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              998 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 27, 1987, Friday, Final Edition

Three Corporations Fight D.C. Tax;
Firms Contend Lobbying Offices Improperly Assessed for Millions

BYLINE: Albert B. Crenshaw, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE C1

LENGTH: 1049 words


The District and several of the nation's largest corporations are locked in
fiscal combat over the city government's efforts to tax a portion of the firms'
worldwide income based on the presence of small lobbying offices here.

In a controversy that involves arcane tax issues and complex constitutional
questions, International Paper Corp., Sonat Inc. and Freeport-McMoRan Inc. all
have gone to court to try to get back millions of dollars they have paid the
city after being hit with assessments stemming from their operation of what
businesses like to call governmental affairs offices here.

Sonat, the hardest hit, has been assessed $ 2.1 million in taxes and interest
over two years for an office that has an annual budget of around $ 500,000.

At issue is the city's application of its business franchise tax to lobbying
offices. The questions before D.C. Superior Court are whether lobbying
activities are protected from tax by the Constitution's "right to petition the
government" provision, and whether a lobbying office, which has no sales or
other direct commercial activities, represents the kind of business presence
envisioned when the tax statute was drafted.

In addition, the companies are challenging the city government's method of
calculating their taxable income.

District tax officials say there is nothing new in the way they are applying the
tax and that they believe they are are on solid legal ground.

"We think we are proceeding properly," said J. Walter Lund of the city's tax
compliance office, adding, "there has been no change in the way the tax is
calculated or the income apportioned" in recent years.

"We have a uniform division of income act, similar to most states. We try to put
income where it is reasonable to assume it was earned," he said.

No one disputes the city's right to tax multistate or multinational businesses
that have normal commercial operations here. The companies filed franchise tax
returns for the years in question, mostly in the early 1980s, and were hit with
extra taxes and interest following audits in the past few years.

What makes these cases different, the firms contend in their legal arguments, is
that they have no commercial presence in the District. Sonat, based in
Birmingham, and Freeport-McMoRan, based in New Orleans, are energy companies
whose offices monitor the activities of Congress and the regulatory agencies
that are likely to have an impact on them. International Paper says that it does
sell some of its products in the city but does so through salesmen and offices
based elsewhere.

Thus, "the threshold issue," according to Sonat's argument, " ... is whether
Sonat was engaging in 'any trade or business' " that would subject it to the
city's business franchise tax "by engaging in activities related to
'petitioning' the government of the United States."

City officials cannot interpret the law that way "without bringing it into
conflict with the right to petition the government guaranteed by the First
Amendment," Sonat argues.

Beyond that, the legislative history of the District's business franchise tax,
which dates back to the 1940s, makes it plain that Congress did not intend for
the city to tax companies solely upon the presence of representatives dealing
with the federal government, according to the argument.

Finally, the three companies are disputing the formula the city used to compute
their taxes. Traditionally -- assuming the city turns out to have the right to
apply the tax at all -- taxable income is arrived at by taking a company's
entire business income and computing what share of it is attributable to its
activities in the city. To do this, city tax officials use what is known as the
"three-factor formula." Under this, the company's income is multiplied by the
average of three ratios: the ratio of sales, property and payroll in the
District to the same items elsewhere.

In each case, the District included the companies' income from all of their
operating subsidiaries, but used only the sales, property and payroll of the
small holding company perched atop the corporate hierarchy. This formula
increased the income subject to D.C. taxation dramatically -- and, the companies
say, unfairly.

"This method of assessment violates both the statutory and regulatory
requirements and the standards of basic fairness mandated by ... the
Constitution," Sonat argues.

The companies involved were reluctant to comment beyond their legal filings --
settlement talks have been under way for some months -- but accountants and
lawyers familiar with one or more of the cases said the companies provided the
District with a tax opportunity in part by making their lobbyists employes of
the holding company.

Each company "should have formed a separate subsidiary and not drawn nexus to
the entire affiliated group" of subsidiaries under the holding company, said one
accountant here.

"Nexus" is a tax term used to describe a situation in which there is sufficient
contact between a company or person and a jurisdiction to bring the company or
person under the taxing power of the jurisdiction.

The trick is in not making lobbyists the employes of the holding company, this
accountant said. But many companies do it "to get higher name recognition ... so
their business card can say 'I am an employe of'" the well-known parent company,
the accountant said.

"In that case, the District can say, theoretically, 'Since you the parent
company have employes here, we can tax you,' " the accountant said. "The city
apparently believes they are going to be successful in collecting the tax."

The District's Lund said, "We have been successful in maintaining nexus" with
multistate companies in previous cases. He said there has been "no floodgate" of
challenges to the city's methods, but he said, "We've beefed up our local
auditing" of multistate companies over the past three years, "so we're probably
out there stirring them up more."

He added, "We don't want to trample on anyone's rights, but we have to account
for taxes attributable to this area."

As for the companies' suits, he said, "There are probably philosophical,
constitutional and just plain business sense differences" between the firms and
the city. "The taxpayer always has the right to go to court.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post
