
                               1 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 25, 2013 Monday

Sonoma County says money spent on lobbying is a good investment

BYLINE: Guy Kovner, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 591 words


March 25--Talk about getting a bang for the buck.

The Sonoma County Water Agency spent $355,000 on lobbying in Sacramento and
Washington, D.C., in 2012 and got a payback of more $9 million in water project
funding -- and the potential for even more from a salmon habitat restoration
program.

"Pretty good return on investment," said Brad Sherwood, water agency spokesman.

The agency learned Thursday that its lobbying helped secure $65 million for the
federal Pacific Coast Salmon Recovery Fund, which covers six western states.

"It's on the president's desk," Sherwood said.

The water agency, which must compete for grants from the new funding, has
received more than $2 million from the salmon recovery program in the past.

The past year's lobbying netted $9 million in federal and state grants for water
supply, flood protection and sanitation projects.

Local government agencies are major players in the high-stakes business of
influencing state government, largely through a cadre of paid lobbyists who
mingle in Capitol hallways with advocates for private enterprise.

Local agencies across California spent nearly $95 million on lobbying activities
during the 2011-12 legislative session, according to reports filed with the
California Secretary of State's Office.

That spending -- the largest by any sector -- surpassed the amount spent
collectively on lobbying by oil and gas companies, labor unions and utilities
($82.4 million). In all, the public and private entities spent more than $563
million on lobbying Sacramento.

It's all about money, said Jim Leddy, the county's governmental affairs manager
who oversees lobbying activities.

Cities, counties and local agencies depend on state and federal funds for a host
of services, including road maintenance, public safety, health care, human
services and affordable housing.

The county's $1.3 billion budget includes about $480 million in intergovernment
revenues, an income stream that must be guarded, Leddy said.

"We are pressing every advantage we can to protect those revenues," he said.

When it comes to the state and federal budget process, "we have to play a
defensive game," he said, competing against myriad interests for funding.

For example, Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., wanted to slice the entire $65 million
salmon recovery program from the budget deal approved by Congress on Thursday.

But lobbyists for Sonoma County and other recipients helped save the funding,
Leddy and Sherwood said.

Since 2000, the salmon restoration program has channeled nearly $1 billion into
California, Nevada, Oregon, Washington, Idaho and Alaska, Sherwood said.

The water agency, which provides Russian River water to more than 600,000 North
Bay customers, spent $216,613 on lobbying in Sacramento in 2011-12, according to
public records.

Sonoma County spent $533,527 in the same period, but Leddy said that includes
direct lobbying expenses and dues paid to numerous state and federal
associations.

County payments to its Sacramento lobbying firm -- Shaw, Yoder, Antwih Inc. --
totalled $118,800. Shaw ranked 12th on the list of lobbying firm revenues with
$5.2 million.

The Sonoma County Agricultural Preservation and Open Space District reported
$65,000 in lobbying expenses in 2011-12, bringing the three county agencies'
total lobbying expense to $815,140.

Santa Rosa reported payments of $33,250 to its Sacramento lobbyist, Emanuels
Jones & Associates.

___ (c)2013 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130325-UR-Sonoma-County-says-money-spent-on-lobbying
-is-a-good-investment-0325-20130325

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2013


                               2 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 24, 2013 Sunday

Sonoma County says money spent on lobbying is a good investment

BYLINE: Guy Kovner, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 591 words


March 24--Talk about getting a bang for the buck.

The Sonoma County Water Agency spent $355,000 on lobbying in Sacramento and
Washington, D.C., in 2012 and got a payback of more $9 million in water project
funding -- and the potential for even more from a salmon habitat restoration
program.

"Pretty good return on investment," said Brad Sherwood, water agency spokesman.

The agency learned Thursday that its lobbying helped secure $65 million for the
federal Pacific Coast Salmon Recovery Fund, which covers six western states.

"It's on the president's desk," Sherwood said.

The water agency, which must compete for grants from the new funding, has
received more than $2 million from the salmon recovery program in the past.

The past year's lobbying netted $9 million in federal and state grants for water
supply, flood protection and sanitation projects.

Local government agencies are major players in the high-stakes business of
influencing state government, largely through a cadre of paid lobbyists who
mingle in Capitol hallways with advocates for private enterprise.

Local agencies across California spent nearly $95 million on lobbying activities
during the 2011-12 legislative session, according to reports filed with the
California Secretary of State's Office.

That spending -- the largest by any sector -- surpassed the amount spent
collectively on lobbying by oil and gas companies, labor unions and utilities
($82.4 million). In all, the public and private entities spent more than $563
million on lobbying Sacramento.

It's all about money, said Jim Leddy, the county's governmental affairs manager
who oversees lobbying activities.

Cities, counties and local agencies depend on state and federal funds for a host
of services, including road maintenance, public safety, health care, human
services and affordable housing.

The county's $1.3 billion budget includes about $480 million in intergovernment
revenues, an income stream that must be guarded, Leddy said.

"We are pressing every advantage we can to protect those revenues," he said.

When it comes to the state and federal budget process, "we have to play a
defensive game," he said, competing against myriad interests for funding.

For example, Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., wanted to slice the entire $65 million
salmon recovery program from the budget deal approved by Congress on Thursday.

But lobbyists for Sonoma County and other recipients helped save the funding,
Leddy and Sherwood said.

Since 2000, the salmon restoration program has channeled nearly $1 billion into
California, Nevada, Oregon, Washington, Idaho and Alaska, Sherwood said.

The water agency, which provides Russian River water to more than 600,000 North
Bay customers, spent $216,613 on lobbying in Sacramento in 2011-12, according to
public records.

Sonoma County spent $533,527 in the same period, but Leddy said that includes
direct lobbying expenses and dues paid to numerous state and federal
associations.

County payments to its Sacramento lobbying firm -- Shaw, Yoder, Antwih Inc. --
totalled $118,800. Shaw ranked 12th on the list of lobbying firm revenues with
$5.2 million.

The Sonoma County Agricultural Preservation and Open Space District reported
$65,000 in lobbying expenses in 2011-12, bringing the three county agencies'
total lobbying expense to $815,140.

Santa Rosa reported payments of $33,250 to its Sacramento lobbyist, Emanuels
Jones & Associates.

___ (c)2013 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130324-UR-Sonoma-County-says-money-spent-on-lobbying
-is-a-good-investment-0324-20130324

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2013


                               3 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 26, 2013 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Former lawmakers move on to jobs related to lobbying;
They can't lobby legislators, but they can help firms try to influence national
policies

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten, USA TODAY,

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 784 words


Sixteen lawmakers who left Congress recently have landed posts with groups that
seek to influence policy -- despite rules aimed at slowing the revolving door
between Capitol Hill and lobbying firms, a USA TODAY analysis shows.

Former House members are barred from lobbying their former colleagues for a
year; and former senators, for two years. There are no restrictions, however, on
providing behind-the-scenes advice to corporations and others seeking to shape
federal legislation. Former lawmakers can immediately lobby the executive branch
and officials in state and local governments.

Former Ohio congressman Steve LaTourette, who retired from Congress in January
after 18 years in the House, cannot register as a federal lobbyist nor talk to
his former colleagues on Capitol Hill. But the Republican heads a new Washington
lobbying branch of a Cleveland-based law firm.

"My job is to fashion strategies and give advice," LaTourette said.

His wife, Jennifer, is a veteran lobbyist and serves as vice president of the
new firm, McDonald Hopkins Government Strategies.

Launched in January, the lobbying operation already has nine clients --
including the Cleveland Clinic Foundation and the Association of Public
Television Stations, as public television girds for congressional budget
battles.

LaTourette and 15 others of the 98 lawmakers who have retired or were ousted by
voters since January 2011 hold lobbying-related jobs, according to the USA TODAY
tally.

"The Congress-to-K Street connection has been institutionalized," said Sheila
Krumholz of the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics, which tracks
lobbying and political money. "It's Plan A for former members of Congress."

Other ex-lawmakers who have recently moved to potentially lucrative second
careers with lobbying firms and trade associations include:

Former Missouri congresswoman Jo Ann Emerson, who resigned from Congress in
January to become president and CEO of the National Rural Electric Cooperative
Association.  Emerson, a Republican, was unavailable for comment.

Montana Republican Denny Rehberg announced last week  he was joining a
Washington public-strategy and lobbying firm. Rehberg, who served six terms in
the House before losing his bid to unseat Democratic Sen. Jon Tester last
November, will be co-chairman of Mercury/Clark & Weinstock's Washington office.

"I like the combination of applying my knowledge and trying to help others
understand both business, government and the problems government creates for
free enterprise," Rehberg told USA TODAY.

Former California congressman Howard Berman, who lost re-election last fall,
started his new job Monday  at Covington & Burling, a law and lobbying firm that
is expanding its international practice.

The Democrat is a former chairman of the House Foreign Affairs  Committee.
Berman said he'll provide "strategic advice" to clients but doesn't know whether
he will register to lobby once the one-year cooling-off period expires. "I don't
want to speculate."

The USA TODAY tally shows that one in five of the lawmakers on the recent list
of those who left Congress departed after one term. Many of them have not
announced post-congressional job plans.

One factor: The lackluster economy and corporate belt-tightening have made it
harder for less-experienced legislators to land lobbying-related jobs. In
addition, lobbying revenue is down as partisan stalemates have stalled action on
even routine spending bills.

"This is a really difficult time," said Ivan Adler, a principal at the McCormick
Group.

Former Massachusetts senator Scott Brown, defeated in November after serving
part of one term, is one of the relative newcomers to join a law and lobbying
firm. Brown, a Republican former state legislator, was the top recipient of
campaign contributions from the financial services, insurance and real-estate
sector in the 2012 election, according to a tally by the Center for Responsive
Politics. He will focus on financial services issues and commercial real estate
in the Boston office of Nixon Peabody, an international law firm.  He was
unavailable for an interview last week.

Some former lawmakers have multiple jobs.

Former Arizona senator Jon Kyl, who left Congress in January as the Senate's No.
2 Republican,  joined Covington & Burling this month. He plans to work on tax
policy, immigration, defense, health care and cyber-security issues.

Kyl teaches at Arizona State University, appears on Fox News as a contributor
and has teamed up with former senator Joe Lieberman, I-Conn., to co-chair a
project on American global leadership at a Washington think-tank.

"I'm just as busy," Kyl said of life after Congress. "It's just that I don't
have a big staff to help me."

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo AFP/Getty Images Berman

DOCUMENT-TYPE: WASHINGTON

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            February 20, 2012 Monday

Casinos industry spent millions lobbying in Mass.

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 640 words


Monday February 20, 2012

Associated Press

BOSTON (AP) -- When Beacon Hill lawmakers finally adopted a bill to legalize
casino gambling, it wasn't just a victory for would-be high rollers or
Massachusetts' cash-strapped cities and towns.

It was also a long-awaited -- and pricey -- win for a casino industry that had
longed hoped for a toehold in the state.

To press its case at the Statehouse and win over wavering lawmakers, the
industry hired a small army of lobbyists who, year after year, steadily made the
argument for expanded gambling in Massachusetts.

In just the past five years, the tally for all that lobbying topped $11.4
million, according to a review of state lobbying records by The Associated
Press.

Overall spending on lobbying steadily increased year after year as the pressure
built to approve a bill.

In 2007, the total lobbying tab on the casino issue was nearly $1.3 million. By
2011, that grew to more than $3.1 million.

Many of the companies that lobbied hardest for the expanded gambling law are now
actively pursuing the three casino licenses created by the legislation.

The company that easily spent the most on lobbying was Sterling Suffolk
Racecourse, which runs the Suffolk Downs racetrack and is hoping to turn the
East Boston facility into a destination casino.

From 2007 to 2011, the track spent more than $2.8 million on lobbying, according
to the AP review.

Another big spender was the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe, which also is hoping to win
one of the three casino licenses. During the past five years, the tribe spent
nearly $850,000 on lobbying expenses.

The law gives federally recognized tribes like the Mashpee Wampanoags until July
31 to negotiate a gaming compact in the southeast part of the state.

There was plenty of out-of-state lobbying money flowing into Massachusetts.

Development Associates, LLC, a Las Vegas-based subsidiary of casino and hotel
developer Steve Wynn, spent more than $863,000 on lobbying in just the past
three years.

Wynn is hoping to win one of the licenses. He's teamed with New England Patriots
owner Robert Kraft to propose a casino in Foxborough.

Las Vegas Sands Corporation, another casino company, has spent nearly $473,000
on lobbying during the same time period.

Two other companies hoping to land casino licenses also doled out hefty sums on
lobbying.

Pennsylvania-based Penn National Gaming Inc. spent nearly $197,000 on lobbying
during the past five years while Las Vegas-based MGM Resorts International,
which is eyeing a casino for Brimfield, spent $60,000.

The money spent on lobbying went to a range of activities.

Of the $850,600 that Sterling Suffolk Racecourse spent on lobbying just in 2010,
about half -- or $426,960 -- went to pay the salary of lobbyists including seven
separate firms and two individuals.

The remaining money -- about $423,640 -- went to such items printing and public
relations consulting to advertising, cellphone bills, bus rentals, hats and
T-shirts and the creation of a website to support the casino push.

Finally, just days before Thanksgiving, Patrick finally signed the bill -- the
largest single expansion of legalized gambling in Massachusetts since the
creation of the state lottery 40 years earlier.

Decisions of whom gets casino licenses fall exclusively to a yet-unnamed
five-member Massachusetts Gaming Commission.

The law gives the commission the power not only to choose which casino proposals
get the coveted licenses but also to regulate and investigate the new gambling
facilities.

The law calls for Patrick, Attorney General Martha Coakley and state Treasurer
Steven Grossman to each appoint one member to the commission, with Patrick
naming the chair. The remaining two members will be chosen jointly by Patrick,
Coakley and Grossman.

So far the only Patrick has named his choice for the first chairman of the
commission, Stephen Crosby.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 17, 1999, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Philip Morris Reviews Its Lobbying Disclosures

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 487 words


The world's largest cigarette maker, responding to an investigation into its
lobbying in Albany, said yesterday that it may have failed to disclose all of
the money it spent on dinners and other gifts that it used to court state
lawmakers.

The company, Philip Morris, said it had told state regulators that it was
examining the disclosure statements it had filed for recent years to determine
whether they were accurate. The company had asserted last month that it was
confident that it had abided by the lobbying rules, but it said yesterday that
it might have to revise the statements.

"We are in the process of reviewing our previous filings to determine whether
any need to be amended in order to bring them into full compliance with the
law," said K. Richmond Temple, a spokesman for Philip Morris.

Under the state's relatively lax lobbying law, if the company revises its
filings to the satisfaction of the Temporary State Commission on Lobbying, it
will not face penalties.

The New York Times reported last month that at least 115 current and former
members of the 211-person Legislature had accepted gifts in recent years from
Philip Morris, which has largely been triumphant in its lobbying campaign to
block anti-tobacco measures in Albany in recent years. The gifts ranged from
meals at expensive restaurants to tickets for sporting events like the
Indianapolis 500 and the United States Open tennis tournament.

The information about the gifts did not appear in the disclosure statements that
Philip Morris is required to file under the lobbying law. It was found in
internal company records that the company submitted in smoking-related lawsuits
brought by state attorneys general and other plaintiffs. Those records appeared
to contradict some information in the reports at the lobbying commission.

Reacting to the article in The Times, the commission began an inquiry on July
27, asking Philip Morris for more information about its lobbying. The
disclosures about the gifts also prompted legislative leaders to shelve plans to
extend the current lobbying law, which some have attacked as ineffective.

The commission itself has maintained that because the law allows lobbyists and
clients to change their filings after an investigation has begun and then not
incur punishment, there is little to discourage them from withholding
information. It has asked the Legislature for more enforcement power.

"If we are limited to just permitting them to amend their filing at this late
date to correct the prior inadequate filing, that seems to be a very mild
deterrent," said Milton Mollen, a member of the commission's board.

Legislative leaders, who had said for months that the lobbying law did not need
to be revamped, reversed themselves after the gifts were made public. They said
they would consider toughening the law, which expires on Dec. 31, at a special
legislative session in the fall.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                               6 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           March 28, 2001, Wednesday

TRUMP NO. 5 ON LOBBY LIST

BYLINE: By JOE MAHONEY DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 389 words

ALBANY - Casino mogul Donald Trump spent nearly $750,000 last year on lobbying
to thwart a proposed Catskills casino, making him the state's top lobbying
spender among for-profit interests, a new report says.

Trump, whose Atlantic City gaming operations could be threatened if an Indian
casino in Sullivan County gets the green light, ranked No. 5 on the top 10
lobbying list. The four ahead of him are not-for-profit associations.

The $749,604 Trump dished out to his lobbyists did not include $250,000 he and
his associates paid in a record fine for evading the lobbying law's reporting
requirements.

Special interests spent $66 million on lobbying, prompting reformers to charge
that the state capitol has become a cesspool under the control of those who
spend the most.

Trump's chief strategist, Roger Stone, brushed aside the critics, saying, "We
adhere to the law."

The biggest tab for lobbying - $1.2 million - was paid by Empire Blue Cross and
Blue Shield. The Medical Society of New York spent $1.1 million, and New York
State United Teachers spent a little more than $1 million. New York City
government ranked 10th, spending $543,079.

A Daily News review of the records of the temporary state commission on lobbying
shows that a GOP-oriented consulting firm that recently recruited former state
Republican Party chairman Bill Powers is one of the fastest-growing lobbying
businesses.

What is now called Powers, Crane & Co. has close ties to the Pataki
administration, state Senate Republicans and the state Racing and Wagering
Board. The firm, which began in 1997, racked up $445,000 in lobbying fees.

One of its clients, L.A.-based ODS Technologies, signed on to get Crane to lobby
the racing board, whose chairman - Michael Hoblock, an appointee of Gov. Pataki
and an ex-state senator - had been a senior counsel with the Albany law firm of
Crane, Greene & Parente, which started the lobbying group.

Hoblock said ODS, which operates a horse racing television network known as TBG,
wants legislation so it can run telephone wagering.

He said he has recused himself "from any matters they have here."

"Lobbying in and of itself is not wrong, it's what makes this government work,"
said David Grandeau, lobbying commission chairman. "The important part is
disclosure."


LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2001 Daily News, L.P.


                               7 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 14, 1996, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

A Lobbying Firm With D'Amato Ties

BYLINE: By JAMES DAO

SECTION: Section B;   Page 8;   Column 4;   Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 686 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 13


For a year now, Robert J. Malito has been considered the most sought-after
lobbyist in the Capitol. And for months, legislators and colleagues who have
admired or envied his prosperity have pointed to one reason: United States
Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato.

Before Mr. D'Amato became the Senate Banking Committee chairman, before he
became the most important Republican in New York State, before he was even a
Senator, Mr. Malito was his friend, dining chum, campaign fund-raiser, informal
counselor and avid supporter.

And as Mr. D'Amato has grown in power and stature, so has Mr. Malito's business.
According to a report released today by the New York Temporary State Commission
on Lobbying, Davidoff & Malito was the highest paid lobbying firm in Albany last
year.

For Mr. Malito, it was a banner year. The firm earned $2 million in lobbying
income, a state record, which was an increase of $800,000, or 64 percent, from
1994, when it placed second. The firm added 28 new clients, for a total of 69.
All but one of the other top 10 Albany lobbying firms had fewer than half the
number of clients that Davidoff & Malito did in 1995.

While Sid Davidoff, Mr. Malito's main lobbying partner in the firm, certainly
contributed to this, most of the new contracts were for lobbying work in Albany,
which is handled by Mr. Malito.

Davidoff & Malito has been among Albany's larger lobbying groups for years. And
in 1995, several major lobbyists saw their business increase. But none of them
grew at even close to the same pace as Mr. Malito's firm.

The reasons, say other lobbyists and legislators in both major parties, was the
ouster in 1994 of the Democratic administration of Mario M. Cuomo by George E.
Pataki, a Republican whose leading promoter was Mr. D'Amato.

Mr. Malito "has always been known as Al's guy, and these days, that helps bring
in business," said a Republican Assemblyman from Long Island, who spoke on the
condition of anonymity.

Mr. Malito, 53, who first became friendly with Mr. D'Amato through Nassau County
politics, was traveling today and could not be reached for comment.

Howard Druckman, managing partner of Davidoff & Malito, said the firm's growth
in recent years was unrelated to Mr. Malito's relationship to Mr. D'Amato. He
also pointed out that Mr. Davidoff is close to the Democratic Party,
particularly in New York City.

But he acknowledged that Mr. Malito's long and deep ties to the Republican Party
have helped.

Mr. Malito, a former deputy commissioner in the Lindsay administration in New
York City, himself has not been circumspect about his alliances with Mr. D'Amato
and Mr. Pataki. In his listing in the Martindale-Hubbell Law Directory, he calls
himself a "pro bono special counsel" to Mr. D'Amato. And in an interview last
year, he bragged about holding fund-raisers for Mr. Pataki.

"He's been involved in the party for 25 years," said an adviser to Mr. Pataki,
speaking on condition of anonymity. "He knows everyone. It's not just his
connection to Alfonse. He's incredibly tight with the State Senate." Still,
Pataki aides said Mr. Malito has no special influence with the Governor.

For years, Mr. Malito's close ties to the former State Senate Republican
majority leader, Ralph J. Marino, helped create the impression among legislators
that he was capable of blocking legislation in the Senate.

Last year, Mr. Pataki's first year in office, Mr. Malito showed he could do more
than just block things. On a $108,000 retainer from Coca-Cola, he led a pack of
lobbyists who helped win a tax cut for soda bottlers worth tens of millions of
dollars a year.

But for all his links to the administration, Mr. Malito has not always been
successful. A Massachusetts concern that paid him $60,000 in 1995 failed to win
a toll-collecting computer equipment contract with the New York Thruway
Authority. A Maryland company that paid him $60,000 last year did not win a New
York State contract for auto-emission testing.

Still, the clients keep lining up. This year, Mr. Malito won a $150,000 contract
from Philip Morris to fight smoking restrictions.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                               8 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                             April 4, 2006 Tuesday

Bottom line

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 382 words


* AGRICULTURE. Huntsman Corp., a large chemical company, has hired Chesapeake
Enterprises to lobby on the reauthorization of the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission, according to lobbying disclosure reports. The lobby team includes
Republican strategists Scott Reed and John Fluharty.

* DEFENSE. General Kinetics, a defense subcontractor that specializes in secure
containers, has hired Ron Klink & Associates to lobby on "defense issues and
contracting," according to its disclosure report.

* ENERGY. Stronger Inc., an excavation company based in Utah, has hired Vorys,
Sater, Seymour and Pease to lobby for "federal and state harmonization of energy
and environmental law and regulation in oil and gas industries," according to
the lobbying disclosure. Randal Teague, a former aide to Rep. Jack Kemp (R-N.Y.)
in Congress and at the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and Brett
Kappel, an expert in campaign-finance law, are lobbying on behalf of Stronger.

* KATRINA. Johnson Madigan Peck Boland & Stewart are lobbying on behalf of
Gannett Fleming, a planning, design and construction management company based in
Pennsylvania. The lobbying issue is "planning efforts for New Orleans," as
described by the firm's lobbying disclosure form. David Johnson, who served as
executive director of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee in the 1980s
before starting the lobbying firm, is working on behalf of Gannett Fleming.

Vorys, Sater, et al., meanwhile, is lobbying on behalf of Minute Men, a
personnel and administrative services company based in Ohio. The issue is the
"reconstruction and redevelopment of New Orleans, La., and surrounding areas,"
according to the disclosure form.

* PORTS. Eller and Co., a Fort Lauderdale, Fla., port operator and stevedore,
hired Muldoon and Muldoon to lobby on the DP World ports deal. The Dubai-based
company agreed to sell its stake in six American ports after vocal complaints
from Congress.

* SMALL BUSINESS. The National Association for the Self-Employed has hired DC
Legislative & Regulatory Services to lobby on small-business issues, according
to the lobbying registration. David Crow, a former congressional aide and
official at the Fertilizer Institute, is among the team lobbying the Small
Business Administration on behalf of the group.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 24, 1999, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

Lobbying for Research Money, Colleges Bypass Review Process

BYLINE: By TIM WEINER

SECTION: Section A;Page 1;Column 1;National Desk

LENGTH: 2784 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 20


For years, members of Congress have slipped millions of dollars into spending
bills to build dams and highways back home. Increasingly, the money is going to
academic studies of papaya viruses, wood pulp, auto safety and the aurora
borealis.

Universities are lobbying to get money directly from Congress, rather than from
Federal foundations and institutes, in a process that critics say often
sacrifices good science for politics. By asking lawmakers to insert provisions
called earmarks into spending bills, universities and their lobbyists have
obtained more than $7 billion since 1980. Earmarked legislation in this year's
Federal budget was a record $797 million.

"It's the same phenomenon that used to result in sewers and bridges," said Bob
Park, a physics professor at the University of Maryland and director of the
Washington office of the American Physical Society, an organization of more than
40,000 physicists. "Academic science has now replaced the sewers as the place
where the money goes."

Federal spending on all university-based research this year exceeded $15
billion, including a variety of military and weapons-related programs beyond the
purely scientific endeavors of the National Institutes of Health and the
National Science Foundation.

Federal money for research traditionally has come from those two institutions,
which subject proposals to rigorous reviews by scientific panels. Supporters of
that process call it a meritocracy run by scientists and academics, rather than
a struggle for political pork.

But defenders of earmarking, like John R. Silber, chancellor of Boston
University, one of the largest beneficiaries of such money, say it merely allows
academics to appeal directly to the source of financing.

"People talk about sordid -- they'd better read the Constitution," said Mr.
Silber, whose university has received more than $57 million, including $48
million for two science centers. "I've got a right to appeal to the Congress.
Every citizen does. If that's dirty, the whole country's dirty. The
Constitution's dirty."

Critics of academic earmarking say the practice distorts good science.

"If politicians' decisions govern where research money is spent, you will not
necessarily set the right kinds of scientific and national priorities," said
Robert S. Walker, a Republican House member from Pennsylvania for 20 years
before retiring in 1997. "The concern is that we jeopardize the long-term
knowledge base of the country by spending money in a political rather than a
scientific way."

"The universities are also at fault; they came to town shopping for this," Mr.
Walker added.

"I had some testy sessions with deans and presidents, saying they were damaging
their own credibility as well as scientific policy," he said. "I asked one what
he was going to use the money for. He didn't know but said he was sure it would
come in handy."

James D. Savage, a professor of government at the University of Virginia who
wrote the only book on the subject, "Funding Science in America: Congress,
Universities and the Politics of the Academic Pork Barrel," said Congress and
the public "have no idea how the $7 billion has been used to meet national
needs."

Earmarking -- the word comes from a farmer's notching of a hog's ear as a mark
of ownership -- is an act of legislative legerdemain that is used for many types
of spending. A member of Congress inserts a short paragraph in a spending bill,
ordering that money be spent on a certain program in a certain place. The
insertion usually occurs in a closed-door conference without public debate.
Earmarking language is often deliberately obscure -- for example, creating a tax
break for a university "established on Aug. 6, 1872," without naming the
institution.

Earmarks sometimes seem to have little direct relationship to the spending bills
in which they appear. The foreign aid bill for the coming year, for example,
contains $485,000 for an agribusiness program at the University of Idaho and $1
million for a soil management project at Montana State University.

Last year, millions of dollars were included in a last-minute, $500 billion
omnibus spending bill that passed in October. Examples include $1 million for
Kings College in Wilkes-Barre, Pa., to explore commercial pulverization
technologies and a donation of a $375,000 Coast Guard patrol boat to the
University of South Alabama for use on a scientific project. It has taken months
for The Chronicle of Higher Education, which tracks academic earmarks, to decode
the legislative language used to disguise the appropriations.

Earmarks are often the work of a lobbying firm. The Washington lobbying firm
Cassidy & Associates said in a filing last year with the Securities and Exchange
Commission that it had 30 colleges and universities among its clients, and
annual revenues of $40 million. It also said it intended to name Mr. Silber as
an outside director. Boston University paid the firm $760,000 in 1998 for its
assistance.

Over the past 20 years, an increasing number of colleges and universities have
found it easier to go to Congress, keepers of the Government's purse, with the
help of lobbyists than to go through time-consuming peer-reviewed proposals.
Congress can often provide more money more quickly than institutions like the
National Institutes of Health or the National Science Foundation.

A disproportionate amount of money flows to universities and colleges in states
and Congressional districts represented by lawmakers who are experienced in the
appropriations process or who are members of the appropriations committees. For
example, the largest recipient of academic earmarks between 1980 and 1996 was
the University of Hawaii, with $197 million, Mr. Savage said. Hawaii's senior
Senator, Daniel K. Inouye, a Democrat, is a longtime member of the
Appropriations Committee.

The second-largest recipient was the University of Pittsburgh, with $151
million. The university is the alma mater of Representative John P. Murtha, a
Pennsylvania Democrat who has long served on the House Appropriations Committee.
Universities in Alabama have gained millions of dollars since the state's senior
Senator, Richard C. Shelby, a Republican, rose in rank on the Appropriations
Committee.

Earmarks in next year's spending bills benefiting the home states of these three
lawmakers include $500,000 for Auburn University in Alabama to run a
transportation management program, $293,000 for the University of Hawaii to
study the papaya ringspot virus and $1 million for Pennsylvania State University
to study automobile accidents among older drivers.

Mr. Silber said the argument that earmarked appropriations were dirty while peer
review was pure -- a view expressed by the Association of American Universities
even though most of its 62 members have received earmarked money -- helped
entrench an elite group of universities.

"Harvard, Stanford, Berkeley and Columbia -- all of those hogs at the trough in
the A.A.U. -- they are the establishment," Mr. Silber said. "They don't want a
new boy. You can sit there on the outside and break your nose pushing against
the glass. There are spiteful individuals in the establishment who resent the
fact that every now and then a new boy gets in."

But Mr. Park said "the science community sees earmarking as threatening the
whole purity of peer review, resulting in serious mischief."

Mr. Park cited as an example the efforts of Senator Ted Stevens, Republican of
Alaska, now chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee.

Millions of dollars have gone to Alaskan universities to harness the power of
the aurora borealis, the electrical energy shimmering in the Northern skies, an
objective that many consider elusive, at best. The earmarks also financed "a
supercomputer north of the Arctic Circle" without naming the University of
Alaska as the beneficiary.

"The only factor" in getting an earmark, Mr. Park said, "is whether you've got
the ear of a Congressman who sits on the right committee. It can cause a lot of
trouble."

James Mangold ("Cop Land") directed the screen adaptation of Susanna Kaysen's
memoir of her enforced stay in a mental hospital. With Winona Ryder and Angelina
Jolie. Dec. 21.

THE NINTH GATE
Roman Polanski, one of the all-time masters of screen creepiness, directed
Johnny Depp in the thriller about a rare-book dealer hired by a scholar of
demonology (Frank Langella) to find a legendary manual that reveals how to
contact Satan. Dec. 22.

SNOW FALLING ON CEDARS
The director Scott Hicks's followup to "Shine" is an adaptation of David
Guterson's popular novel about the 1950's trial in the Pacific Northwest of a
Japanese-American accused of murdering a local fisherman. Ethan Hawke is a
newspaper reporter covering the case that is colored by racism. Youki Kudoh is
his childhood sweetheart married to the accused (Rick Yune). Dec. 22.

DADDY AND THEM
Billy Bob Thornton wrote, directed and stars in this "white trash romantic
comedy" about a dysfunctional extended family reuniting in Little Rock. Mr.
Thornton's first behind-the-camera job since "Sling Blade" features Laura Dern,
Kelly Preston, Jim Varney, Ben Affleck, Diane Ladd, Jamie Lee Curtis, Brenda
Blethyn and Andy Griffith. Dec. 23.

TOPSY-TURVY
The British director Mike Leigh's newest (selected for the New York Film
Festival) explores the lives of Gilbert and Sullivan with an emphasis on the
putting together of "The Mikado." Dec. 24.

MR. DEATH: THE RISE AND FALL OF FRED A. LEUCHTER JR.
Errol Morris's newest documentary is his portrait of Mr. Leuchter, a
Massachusetts engineer who designs and repairs lethal execution systems. In
1988, Ernst Zundel, a publisher of books claiming the Holocaust never happened,
commissioned Mr. Leuchter to investigate the use of poison gas in Nazi
concentration camps. Mr. Leuchter's conclusions ruined his career. A probing
study of vanity and self-deception. Dec. 24.

MAN ON THE MOON
Jim Carrey continues to stretch his talents in the biography of the legendary
comic Andy Kaufman, who died at 35 and who was famous for disappearing into his
wildly disparate alter egos. Milos Forman directed. Courtney Love is Kaufman's
girlfriend, Lynne Margulies, and Danny DeVito his manager, George Shapiro. Dec.
25.

HANGING UP
Three sisters are forced to come to terms with one another as their dying father
sinks into senility. Diane Keaton directed and co-stars with Meg Ryan, Lisa
Kudrow and Walter Matthau. With a script by Delia and Nora Ephron. Dec. 25.

REINDEER GAMES
Ben Affleck is an ex-convict forced by his girlfriend's criminal cronies to to
rob a casino on Christmas Eve. With Gary Sinise and Charlize Theron. Directed by
John Frankenheimer, who demonstrated in "Ronin" that he still has the master's
touch when it comes to action-filled suspense. Dec. 25.

ANY GIVEN SUNDAY
Oliver Stone and the world of pro football sound like a match made in sweaty,
roaring testosterone-infused heaven. The stellar cast includes Al Pacino, Dennis
Quaid, Jamie Foxx, Cameron Diaz, Charlton Heston, James Woods, Matthew Modine,
Ann-Margret and Lauren Holly. Dec. 25.

NEXT FRIDAY
The sequel to the 1995 comic sleeper "Friday" stars Ice Cube (also the
screenwriter and co-producer) and Tommy (Tiny) Lister Jr. Dec. 25.

THE HURRICANE
Denzel Washington stars in the biopic of Rubin (Hurricane) Carter, the former
middleweight boxing champion (made famous by Bob Dylan's song "Hurricane") who
was imprisoned after being convicted of a triple murder and then exonerated.
Norman Jewison directed. Dec. 29.

FANTASIA/2000
The 1940 Disney animated classical-music film, retooled with new sequences, will
have special showings on IMAX screens and in concert halls in December before
opening on New Year's Day.

THE TALENTED MR. RIPLEY
Anthony Minghella's first movie since "The English Patient," an adaptation of
Patricia Highsmith's 1955 novel (which also inspired the Alain Delon classic
"Purple Noon"), stars a Who's Who of hot young talent. Matt Damon plays the
title character, a suave, sexually ambiguous young American who is dispatched to
Italy to bring back a playboy friend (Jude Law) and then slowly takes on the
other man's identity. With Gwyneth Paltrow, Cate Blanchett and Philip Seymour
Hoffman. Dec.

THE EMPEROR AND THE ASSASSIN
The third-century Chinese epic directed by Chen Kaige is about an ambitious king
obsessed with uniting China and becoming its first emperor and the assassin who
wants to kill him. Not to be confused with Zhou Xiaowan's "Emperor's Shadow,"
which opened last year and surveyed the same period of history. Dec.

THE YEAR 2000

RESTAURANT
Adrien Brody is a Hoboken bartender and aspiring playwright involved in
interracial romantic tensions. Jan. 27.

ISN'T SHE GREAT
Starring Bette Midler and Nathan Lane. The Jacqueline Susann story. Jan. 28.

LOST SOULS
Winona Ryder and Ben Chaplin co-star in a supernatural horror film about two
people duking it out with Satan. The directorial debut of the cinematographer
Janusz Kaminski ("Saving Private Ryan"). Jan.

THE BEACH
Directed by Danny Boyle ("Trainspotting") from the novel by Alex Garland,
Leonardo DiCaprio stars as an American in Thailand searching for paradise. With
Virginie Ledoyen, Guillaume Canet and Tilda Swinton. Jan.

WONDERLAND
Michael Winterbottom's odyssey through a gritty London far removed from Notting
Hill. Starring Gina McKee, Hugh Grant's wheelchair bound friend in "Notting
Hill." Jan. (A related article appears on page 46.)

SIMPATICO
The screen adaptation of Sam Shepard's enigmatic horse-racing drama has a
powerhouse cast that includes Jeff Bridges, Sharon Stone and Nick Nolte. Jan. (A
related article appears on page 73.)

TOWN AND COUNTRY
Romantic comedy with Warren Beatty, Diane Keaton, Andie MacDowell and Goldie
Hawn. Directed by Peter Chelsom. Feb. 25.

DETERRENCE
The President of the United States (Kevin Pollak) is snowbound in a Colorado
diner in the middle of a nuclear showdown with Iraq. First quarter.

WHAT PLANET ARE YOU FROM?
Starring Garry Shandling. Directed by Mike Nichols. March 3.

MISSION TO MARS
With Gary Sinise, Connie Nielsen, Tim Robbins and Don Cheadle. Directed by Brian
De Palma. Science fiction. March 10.

THE ROAD TO EL DORADO
The animated film, with a score by Elton John and Tim Rice, is set in 1519 and
recounts the comic misadventures of a pair of small-time con arts who
inadvertently stow away to the New World and discover the fabled Lost City of
Gold. March 31.

ERIN BROCKOVICH
Starring Julia Roberts, Aaron Eckhart and Albert Finney. Directed by Steven
Soderburgh. March.

28 DAYS
Starring Sandra Bullock, Elizabeth Perkins, Azura Skye and Viggo Mortensen.
Directed by Betty Thomas. First quarter.

ALL THE PRETTY HORSES
An adaptation of Cormac McCarthy's best seller, starring Matt Damon, Henry
Thomas, Lucas Black and Penelope Cruz. Directed by Billy Bob Thornton. First
quarter.

GLADIATOR
Set during the Roman Empire, the Ridley Scott historical adventure stars Russell
Crowe, Richard Harris and Djimon Hounsou in the story of a general, exiled and
sent into slavery, who returns to Rome as a gladiator with plans to avenge his
family's murder. Spring.

MISSION IMPOSSIBLE 2
The sequel, with Tom Cruise, Anthony Hopkins and Ving Rhames. Directed by John
Woo. Late May.

ME, MYSELF AND IRENE
The new comedy by the Farrelly Brothers ("There's Something About Mary") stars
Jim Carrey, Renee Zellweger, Robert Forster and Chris Cooper in the story of a
mild-mannered Rhode Island policeman with a split personality who escorts a
woman back to her hometown. Along the way, both personalities fall in love with
her and compete for her affection. Memorial Day.

TITAN A.E
The Don Bluth cartoon is a space adventure that begins the day after Earth comes
to an end and involves a search for the future of the human race. June.

THE ADVENTURES OF ROCKY AND BULLWINKLE
Rene Russo, Jason Alexander and Robert De Niro. Directed by Des McAnuff. July.

X MEN
The live-action, big-screen adaptation of one of the world's most popular comic
book series stars Patrick Stewart, Ian McKellen, Dougray Scott, Halle Berry and
Anna Paquin. Directed by Bryan Singer ("The Usual Suspects"). July.

CHARLIE'S ANGELS
Starring Drew Barrymore. The television series resurrected. Summer.

HOLLOW MAN
Starring Kevin Bacon, Elisabeth Shue, Josh Brolin and Kim Dickens. Directed by
Paul Verhoeven. Summer.

THE PATRIOT
Starring Mel Gibson and Heath Ledger. Directed by Roland Emmerich. Summer.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 13, 1999, Monday

CORRECTION:

A front-page article on Aug. 24 about money that members of Congress add to
appropriations bills for academic studies by favored universities referred
incompletely to the source of a $797 million figure for such earmarking in this
year's budget. The figure resulted from research by The Chronicle of Higher
Education, which conducts an annual study of "academic pork."

A picture caption on page 68 of Arts & Leisure today with an article about James
Bond movies misidentified the actress shown with Pierce Brosnan in "The World Is
Not Enough." She is Sophie Marceau. (Elektra King is the character's name.)

GRAPHIC: Photo: John R. Silber, chancellor of Boston University, defends
lobbying. (Fred R. Conrad/The New York Times)(pg. A12)

Chart: "BY THE NUMBERS"
The Top Spenders -- The educational institutions spending the most on lobbying
in 1998 and the amount they contributed to campaigns and party committees.

Boston University
1998 LOBBYING SPENDING: $760,000
1997-98 CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS: $65,119

Career College Association
1998 LOBBYING SPENDING: $550,912
1997-98 CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS: $122,017

Harvard University
1998 LOBBYING SPENDING: $480,000
1997-98 CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS: $188,450

University of Miami
1998 LOBBYING SPENDING: $460,000
1997-98 CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS: $20,650

Columbia University
1998 LOBBYING SPENDING: $430,000
1997-98 CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS: $45,750

Assoc. of American Medical Colleges
1998 LOBBYING SPENDING: $420,000
1997-98 CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS: $550

Northwestern University
1998 LOBBYING SPENDING: $400,000
1997-98 CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS: $43,170

New York University
1998 LOBBYING SPENDING: $380,000
1997-98 CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS: $64,400

Tufts University
1998 LOBBYING SPENDING: $380,000
1997-98 CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS: $47,100

Yale University
1998 LOBBYING SPENDING: $380,000
1997-98 CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS: $48,550

(Sources: Center for Responsive Politics; Federal Election Commission)(pg.
A12)Photos: Anthony Minghella's "Talented Mr. Ripley," due in December, with
Matt Damon and Gwyneth Paltrow. (Phil Bray/Miramax)(pg. 71); Sean Penn and
Samantha Morton in "Sweet and Lowdown," Woody Allen's latest film, which opens
in December. (John Clifford)(pg. 77); John Malkovich portrays himself in the
surreal comedy "Being John Malkovich," opening in October. (Melissa
Moseley/Gramercy Pictures); Youki Kudoh and Ethan Hawke in "Snow Falling on
Cedars," about anti-Japanese bias in the Pacific Northwest. It opens in
December. (David James/Universal Pictures); Denzel Washington in "The
Hurricane," opening in December. The film is about a boxer imprisoned for murder
and then exonerated. (George Kraychyk/Beacon Comm. Corp.)(pg. 78); "Anna and the
King," opening in November, was filmed in Malaysia and stars Jodie Foster as the
English tutor and Chow Yun-Fat as the King. (Andrew Cooper/20th Century Fox);
The singer Gloria Estefan, left, making her film debut, and Meryl Streep portray
East Harlem teachers in Wes Craven's "Music of the Heart," a drama opening in
October. (Kerry Hayes/Miramax); Julianne Moore and Ralph Fiennes star in "The
End of the Affair," an adaptation of the Graham Greene novel. It's due in
December. (David Appleby/Columbia Pictures)(pg. 79)

Drawings (Lars Leetaru)(pgs. 71-79)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              10 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 24, 1999, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

Lobbying for Research Money, Colleges Bypass Review Process

BYLINE: By TIM WEINER

SECTION: Section A;Page 1;Column 1;National Desk

LENGTH: 1345 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 20


For years, members of Congress have slipped millions of dollars into spending
bills to build dams and highways back home. Increasingly, the money is going to
academic studies of papaya viruses, wood pulp, auto safety and the aurora
borealis.

Universities are lobbying to get money directly from Congress, rather than from
Federal foundations and institutes, in a process that critics say often
sacrifices good science for politics. By asking lawmakers to insert provisions
called earmarks into spending bills, universities and their lobbyists have
obtained more than $7 billion since 1980. Earmarked legislation in this year's
Federal budget was a record $797 million.

"It's the same phenomenon that used to result in sewers and bridges," said Bob
Park, a physics professor at the University of Maryland and director of the
Washington office of the American Physical Society, an organization of more than
40,000 physicists. "Academic science has now replaced the sewers as the place
where the money goes."

Federal spending on all university-based research this year exceeded $15
billion, including a variety of military and weapons-related programs beyond the
purely scientific endeavors of the National Institutes of Health and the
National Science Foundation.

Federal money for research traditionally has come from those two institutions,
which subject proposals to rigorous reviews by scientific panels. Supporters of
that process call it a meritocracy run by scientists and academics, rather than
a struggle for political pork.

But defenders of earmarking, like John R. Silber, chancellor of Boston
University, one of the largest beneficiaries of such money, say it merely allows
academics to appeal directly to the source of financing.

"People talk about sordid -- they'd better read the Constitution," said Mr.
Silber, whose university has received more than $57 million, including $48
million for two science centers. "I've got a right to appeal to the Congress.
Every citizen does. If that's dirty, the whole country's dirty. The
Constitution's dirty."

Critics of academic earmarking say the practice distorts good science.

"If politicians' decisions govern where research money is spent, you will not
necessarily set the right kinds of scientific and national priorities," said
Robert S. Walker, a Republican House member from Pennsylvania for 20 years
before retiring in 1997. "The concern is that we jeopardize the long-term
knowledge base of the country by spending money in a political rather than a
scientific way."

"The universities are also at fault; they came to town shopping for this," Mr.
Walker added.

"I had some testy sessions with deans and presidents, saying they were damaging
their own credibility as well as scientific policy," he said. "I asked one what
he was going to use the money for. He didn't know but said he was sure it would
come in handy."

James D. Savage, a professor of government at the University of Virginia who
wrote the only book on the subject, "Funding Science in America: Congress,
Universities and the Politics of the Academic Pork Barrel," said Congress and
the public "have no idea how the $7 billion has been used to meet national
needs."

Earmarking -- the word comes from a farmer's notching of a hog's ear as a mark
of ownership -- is an act of legislative legerdemain that is used for many types
of spending. A member of Congress inserts a short paragraph in a spending bill,
ordering that money be spent on a certain program in a certain place. The
insertion usually occurs in a closed-door conference without public debate.
Earmarking language is often deliberately obscure -- for example, creating a tax
break for a university "established on Aug. 6, 1872," without naming the
institution.

Earmarks sometimes seem to have little direct relationship to the spending bills
in which they appear. The foreign aid bill for the coming year, for example,
contains $485,000 for an agribusiness program at the University of Idaho and $1
million for a soil management project at Montana State University.

Last year, millions of dollars were included in a last-minute, $500 billion
omnibus spending bill that passed in October. Examples include $1 million for
Kings College in Wilkes-Barre, Pa., to explore commercial pulverization
technologies and a donation of a $375,000 Coast Guard patrol boat to the
University of South Alabama for use on a scientific project. It has taken months
for The Chronicle of Higher Education, which tracks academic earmarks, to decode
the legislative language used to disguise the appropriations.

Earmarks are often the work of a lobbying firm. The Washington lobbying firm
Cassidy & Associates said in a filing last year with the Securities and Exchange
Commission that it had 30 colleges and universities among its clients, and
annual revenues of $40 million. It also said it intended to name Mr. Silber as
an outside director. Boston University paid the firm $760,000 in 1998 for its
assistance.

Over the past 20 years, an increasing number of colleges and universities have
found it easier to go to Congress, keepers of the Government's purse, with the
help of lobbyists than to go through time-consuming peer-reviewed proposals.
Congress can often provide more money more quickly than institutions like the
National Institutes of Health or the National Science Foundation.

A disproportionate amount of money flows to universities and colleges in states
and Congressional districts represented by lawmakers who are experienced in the
appropriations process or who are members of the appropriations committees. For
example, the largest recipient of academic earmarks between 1980 and 1996 was
the University of Hawaii, with $197 million, Mr. Savage said. Hawaii's senior
Senator, Daniel K. Inouye, a Democrat, is a longtime member of the
Appropriations Committee.

The second-largest recipient was the University of Pittsburgh, with $151
million. The university is the alma mater of Representative John P. Murtha, a
Pennsylvania Democrat who has long served on the House Appropriations Committee.
Universities in Alabama have gained millions of dollars since the state's senior
Senator, Richard C. Shelby, a Republican, rose in rank on the Appropriations
Committee.

Earmarks in next year's spending bills benefiting the home states of these three
lawmakers include $500,000 for Auburn University in Alabama to run a
transportation management program, $293,000 for the University of Hawaii to
study the papaya ringspot virus and $1 million for Pennsylvania State University
to study automobile accidents among older drivers.

Mr. Silber said the argument that earmarked appropriations were dirty while peer
review was pure -- a view expressed by the Association of American Universities
even though most of its 62 members have received earmarked money -- helped
entrench an elite group of universities.

"Harvard, Stanford, Berkeley and Columbia -- all of those hogs at the trough in
the A.A.U. -- they are the establishment," Mr. Silber said. "They don't want a
new boy. You can sit there on the outside and break your nose pushing against
the glass. There are spiteful individuals in the establishment who resent the
fact that every now and then a new boy gets in."

But Mr. Park said "the science community sees earmarking as threatening the
whole purity of peer review, resulting in serious mischief."

Mr. Park cited as an example the efforts of Senator Ted Stevens, Republican of
Alaska, now chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee.

Millions of dollars have gone to Alaskan universities to harness the power of
the aurora borealis, the electrical energy shimmering in the Northern skies, an
objective that many consider elusive, at best. The earmarks also financed "a
supercomputer north of the Arctic Circle" without naming the University of
Alaska as the beneficiary.

"The only factor" in getting an earmark, Mr. Park said, "is whether you've got
the ear of a Congressman who sits on the right committee. It can cause a lot of
trouble."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 25, 1999, Wednesday

CORRECTION:

A chart yesterday with an article about universities' lobbying of Congress for
research money referred incorrectly to political campaign donations. The Center
for Responsive Politics, which compiled the data from Federal Election
Commission records, did not make it clear that the contributions came from
individuals at the universities, rather than from the institutions themselves or
on their behalf.

The labeling of the chart referred imprecisely to the educational institutions
that spent the most on lobbying in 1998. The spending was for total lobbying,
not lobbying for specific projects to be designated in legislation, or
earmarked.


GRAPHIC: Photo: John R. Silber, chancellor of Boston University, defends
lobbying. (Fred R. Conrad/The New York Times)(pg. A12)

Chart: "BY THE NUMBERS"
The Top Spenders -- The educational institutions spending the most on lobbying
in 1998 and the amount they contributed to campaigns and party committees.

Boston University
1998 LOBBYING SPENDING: $760,000
1997-98 CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS: $65,119

Career College Association
1998 LOBBYING SPENDING: $550,912
1997-98 CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS: $122,017

Harvard University
1998 LOBBYING SPENDING: $480,000
1997-98 CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS: $188,450

University of Miami
1998 LOBBYING SPENDING: $460,000
1997-98 CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS: $20,650

Columbia University
1998 LOBBYING SPENDING: $430,000
1997-98 CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS: $45,750

Assoc. of American Medical Colleges
1998 LOBBYING SPENDING: $420,000
1997-98 CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS: $550

Northwestern University
1998 LOBBYING SPENDING: $400,000
1997-98 CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS: $43,170

New York University
1998 LOBBYING SPENDING: $380,000
1997-98 CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS: $64,400

Tufts University
1998 LOBBYING SPENDING: $380,000
1997-98 CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS: $47,100

Yale University
1998 LOBBYING SPENDING: $380,000
1997-98 CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTIONS: $48,550

(Sources: Center for Responsive Politics; Federal Election Commission)(pg. A12)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              11 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                             July 11, 2006 Tuesday

Bottom line

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 378 words


* APPROPRIATIONS. Chamworks is lobbying for Osiris Group, a business strategy
and communications company. The firm is doing appropriations work. Anthony
Cunningham, a former senior aide to Sen. Arlen Specter (R-Pa.), is lobbying for
Osiris, which is based in Philadelphia.

* DISASTER RELIEF. Akerman Senterfitt is lobbying for HAIC, a consulting firm.
Dan Craig, former director of recovery at the Federal Emergency Management
Agency, is at Akerman and is helping to lobby on behalf of HAIC. The issues
include providing "medical supplies for disaster victims," the registration
states.

The firm is also lobbying for the city of New Orleans on disaster reimbursement
payments.

* ENERGY. Brownstein Hyatt & Farber is lobbying for Greatpoint Energy, based in
Cambridge, Mass. The lobbying team includes Nora Smith, a former legislative
assistant for Rep. Betty McCollum (D-Minn.). The firm is tracking "federal tax
appropriation and authorization issues" for the company, according to Senate
lobbying records.

* FOREST. Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal is lobbying for Northwest Nordic, a ski
facility, on Mount Hood forest legislation, according to Senate lobbying
records. The lobbying team includes Paul Kavinoky, a former aide to Rep. Richard
Pombo (R-Calif.), the chairman of the House Resources Committee, and ex-Rep.
George Nethercutt (R-Wash.).

* HIGH TECH. Affiliated Computer Services has hired the Federalist Group to
lobby on "issues related to pensions legislation," according to Senate records.
The lobbying team includes Julie Dammann, former chief of staff to Sen. Kit Bond
(R-Mo.).

*MEDICARE. Tarplin, Downs & Young has been hired by AdvaMed, the medical-device
trade group, to lobby on Medicare, Medicaid and the Food and Drug
Administration.

* MINING. Intrepid Oil & Gas has hired McKenna Long & Aldridge to lobby on
"energy and water authorization legislation" and mining and natural-resource
issues, according to the lobbying registration filed with the Senate.

* VOTING RIGHTS. J.C. Watts Cos. is lobbying for the reauthorization of the
Voting Rights Act on behalf of the American Civil Liberties Union - Voting
Rights Act Coalition. The lobbying team includes Baird Tripp, a former
legislative director to Sen. Mel Martinez (R-Fla.), according to Senate records.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 8, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Record Fees Paid Last Year For Lobbying City Hall

BYLINE: By NORIMITSU ONISHI

SECTION: Section B; Page 7; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 586 words


Lobbyists were paid a record $11.2 million last year to influence decisions by
New York City government, an increase of 12 percent over the previous year,
according to an annual report issued by the City Clerk's office.

As in the previous year, according to the report, 60 percent of the reported
lobbying fees in 1997 were paid to 10 firms, many of which are led by former
government officials and politically prominent lawyers.

One well-connected firm that fell from the top 10, however, was Fischbein
Badillo Wagner Harding, which in 1996 had ranked ninth with revenues of
$370,177. Last year, the figure fell 27 percent. to $270,066.

Because two of the firm's senior partners -- Herman Badillo and Raymond B.
Harding, the leader of the state Liberal Party -- are close political allies of
Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, Democrats had criticized the Mayor for allowing the
two to lobby his administration.

In the year before Mr. Giuliani took office, Fischbein Badillo registered on
behalf of only three lobbying clients. But companies flocked to the firm after
1994, and in 1996, it registered on behalf of 71 clients. Last year, the number
went down to 58.

Yesterday, Richard S. Fischbein, a senior partner, said the drop in lobbying
revenues was not linked to last year's criticism. He said that lobbying
accounted for only a fraction of the work done by the firm, which has 100
lawyers. "Now our gross is -- I don't want to put a number on it, but let's say
it's below $50 million -- so lobbying has never been an issue for us," Mr.
Fischbein said.

The rise in lobbying city government has grown at the same pace that it has in
Albany -- up about a third during the last three years.

But analysts who monitor lobbying said that report is only a snapshot of the
true lobbying efforts performed for various interest groups, from real estate
developers, like Forest City Ratner, to computer giants, like the Oracle
Corporation. Other common forms of lobbying -- public relations or legal
representation -- are not reflected in these reports. For example, Rubenstein
Associates, the main public representative for the New York Yankees, billed the
team only $5,500 for lobbying last year.

"Of concern to us is whether some people have an inside track or access to city
government," said Gene Russianoff, a senior lawyer at the New York Public
Interest Research Group, a government watchdog group. Mr. Russianoff, who
himself is a registered lobbyist, said he believed that lobbying has increased
in the city and Albany because many policy decisions once made in Washington are
now being made locally.

For the second year in a row, the top firm was Wilson, Elser, Moskowitz, Edelman
& Dicker, which lobbies in the city and in Albany, and reported taking in
$1,069,482 for lobbying last year. The firm's lobbying in the city is headed by
Peter A. Piscitelli, who was a senior aide in the administration of Mayor Edward
I. Koch; also working for the firm is his son, Skip Piscitelli, who served as a
lobbyist in Albany for the Giuliani administration, said Ken Shapiro, a managing
partner.

Among its 23 clients was Manhattan Cruises, which paid the firm $15,000.
Manhattan Cruises is the only company to have received a license by the city to
operate a gambling ship.

The others in the top 10, following Wilson, Elser, were: Davidoff & Malito;
Stadtmauer Bailkin; Martin J. McLaughlin; Bolton St. Johns; LoCicero & Tan;
Wachtel & Masyr; Geto & DeMilly, Montalbano Initiatives and Rosenman & Colin.


LOAD-DATE: May 8, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              13 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            December 6, 2005 Tuesday

The Bottom Line: Who's won which accounts

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 380 words


¥ AVIATION. Bracewell & Giuliani has been hired by Atlas Air Worldwide to lobby
on transportation, aviation and labor issues, according to
politicalmoneyline.com. The firm is also lobbying on trade matters for L-3
Communications.

¥ DEFENSE. Raytheon, a defense manufacturer, has hired Potomac Advantage to
lobby on its behalf. Lobbyist Gary Hall is lobbying for the company.

¥ DISASTER RELIEF. BE&K, a construction company based in Birmingham, Ala., has
hired Hogan & Hartson to lobby on "Katrina-related matters," according to its
registration. W. Michael House, a former chief of staff to ex-Sen. Howell Heflin
(D-Ala.), is lobbying for BE&K.

, according to lobbying records. Riva Levinson, who worked for the Iraqi
National Congress from 1999 to 2003 before joining BKSH, is lobbying for the
embassy.

¥ HEALTHCARE. Baker & Hostetler has been hired by Lake Hospital Systems in
Willoughby, Ohio, to represent its interests in Washington. The lobbying team
includes former Ohio congressman Dennis Eckart and Angela Jones, who was
legislative counsel to former Rep. Max Sandlin (D-Texas), according to the
registration.

¥ IMMIGRATION. Johnson, Madigan, Peck, Boland, Dover & Stewart is lobbying for
two groups on immigration policy. Compete America, a collection of companies and
universities that advocates for legal immigration, and the Essential Worker
Immigration Coalition, another business-led group that favors less restrictive
immigration policies, has hired the firm. The lobbying team includes John
Lampmann, who is a former chief of staff to Rep. Lamar Smith (R-Texas).

¥ PENSIONS. General Motors Co., the struggling American automaker, has hired
Parry, Romani, DeConcini & Symms to lobby on the pension reform bill, s. 1783.

¥ TRADE. Golin Harris is lobbying for Flexsys, a chemical company whose North
American operations are headquartered in Akron, Ohio. The company is seeking
duty suspensions on four rubber chemicals no longer manufactured in the United
States. Michael Fulton is the lead lobbyist on the account.

The firm is also lobbying for Northampton Community College in Bethlehem, Pa.
Erin Buechel, a former staff member for Sen. Arlen Specter (R-Pa.); Marianne
Adezio, former legislative director to Rep. Todd Platts (R-Pa.); and Fulton are
lobbying for the school.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2005 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            February 20, 2012 Monday

Casino lobby pumped $11.4 million into gambling measure

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 528 words


Tuesday February 21, 2012

BOSTON (AP) -- When Beacon Hill lawmakers finally adopted a bill to legalize
casino gambling, it wasn't just a victory for would-be high rollers or
Massachusetts' cash-strapped cities and towns.

It was also a long-awaited -- and pricey -- win for a casino industry that had
longed hoped for a toehold in the state.

To press its case at the Statehouse and win over wavering lawmakers, the
industry hired a small army of lobbyists who, year after year, steadily made the
argument for expanded gambling in Massachusetts.

In just the past five years, the tally for all that lobbying topped $11.4
million, according to a review of state lobbying records by The Associated
Press.

Overall spending on lobbying steadily increased year after year as the pressure
built to approve a bill.

In 2007, the total lobbying tab on the casino issue was nearly $1.3 million. By
2011, that grew to more than $3.1 million.

Many of the companies that lobbied hardest for the expanded gambling law are now
actively pursuing the three casino licenses created by the legislation.

The company that easily spent the most on lobbying was Sterling Suffolk
Racecourse, which runs the Suffolk Downs racetrack and is hoping to turn the
East Boston facility into a destination casino.

From 2007 to 2011, the track spent more than $2.8 million on lobbying, according
to the AP review.

Another big spender was the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe, which also is hoping to win
one of the three casino licenses. During the past five years, the tribe spent
nearly $850,000 on lobbying expenses.

The law gives federally recognized tribes like the Mashpee Wampanoags until July
31 to negotiate a gaming compact in the southeast part of the state.

There was plenty of out-of-state lobbying money flowing into Massachusetts.

Development Associates, LLC, a Las Vegas-based subsidiary of casino and hotel
developer Steve Wynn, spent more than $863,000 on lobbying in just the past
three years.

Wynn is hoping to win one of the licenses. He's teamed with New England Patriots
owner Robert Kraft to propose a casino in Foxborough.

Las Vegas Sands Corporation, another casino company, has spent nearly $473,000
on lobbying during the same time period.

Two other companies hoping to land casino licenses also doled out hefty sums on
lobbying.

Pennsylvania-based Penn National Gaming Inc. spent nearly $197,000 on lobbying
during the past five years while Las Vegas-based MGM Resorts International,
which is eyeing a casino for Brimfield, spent $60,000.

The money spent on lobbying went to a range of activities.

Of the $850,600 that Sterling Suffolk Racecourse spent on lobbying just in 2010,
about half -- or $426,960 -- went to pay the salary of lobbyists including seven
separate firms and two individuals.

The remaining money -- about $423,640 -- went to such items printing and public
relations consulting to advertising, cellphone bills, bus rentals, hats and
T-shirts and the creation of a website to support the casino push.

William Mulrow, chairman of Suffolk Downs Board of Directors, defended the
lobbying push, saying the 77-year-old track wants to maintain its legacy "as the
state's premier gaming destination."

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 1, 1994, Monday, Late Edition - Final

PULSE;
Lobbying

SECTION: Section B;  Page 1;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphs: The amount of money spent on lobbying the New York region's
legislators continues to rise each year. Philip Morris was the biggest lobbying
spender in both New York and New Jersey in 1993. The compnay was chiefly
fighting anti-smoking legislation and increases in tobacco excise taxes. The big
issue last year in Connecticut, which had a 38 percent jump in lobbying expenses
over 1992, was casino gambling. New City Development Inc., the development arm
of Mirage Resorts of Las Vegas, spent almost $2 million on lobbying in
Connecticut. A bill to legalize gambling, probably in Hartford or Bridgeport,
stalled in the General Assembly. Many other interest groups - teachers,
insurance organizations and big cities like New York - are the hardy perennials
of legislative lobbying. (Sources: N.Y. Temporary State Commission on Lobbying,
N.J. Election Law Enforcement Commission, Conn. State Ethics Commission, N.J.
Common Cause)

TYPE: Caption

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              16 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 18, 2000, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

State Commission Investigates Trump Effort To Stop Casino

BYLINE: By RICHARD PEREZ-PENA

SECTION: Section B; Page 2; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 713 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, July 17


The state lobbying commission is looking into Donald J. Trump's ties to a group
that used television, radio and newspaper ads to try to block an Indian casino
in the Catskills, a project that Mr. Trump also tried to stop, according to
people close to Mr. Trump.

The Temporary State Commission on Lobbying is investigating the anti-casino
group, called the New York Institute for Law and Society, a fact confirmed by
correspondence from the group's lawyers to the commission, and obtained from the
commission under the state's Freedom of Information Law.

The Institute, based in Rome, N.Y., bought the ads in March, at a time when the
State Legislature was considering various bills -- all of which failed --
dealing with whether and how the state might approve a casino in Monticello
proposed by the Mohawk tribe. The lobbying commission is looking into whether
those ads should have been considered a lobbying expense, intended to influence
legislation. If so, the institute would have been required by law to register
with the commission as a lobbyist and a lobbying client and report its expenses,
which it did not.

Trump associates say the lobbying commission is also asking whether Mr. Trump
paid for those ads, using the institute as a front group without reporting that
spending to the commission, which could be a serious violation of the lobbying
law. Mr. Trump opposes development of a Catskills casino, which could draw
business away from his Atlantic City casinos.

David M. Grandeau, executive director of the lobbying commission, refused to say
whether the commission was investigating a Trump link to the anti-casino ads.

Violations of the state's lobbying law can bring fines up to $25,000 per
incident. The commission can also refer cases to prosecutors for criminal
action, but it has done so just once in its 22-year history, and no charges were
filed in that case.

People close to Mr. Trump have said that he put up much of the money used for
the ads. Calls today seeking comment from the Trump organization and the
Institute for Law and Society were not returned.

The lobbying commission is investigating Mr. Trump and a rival Atlantic City
gambling magnate, Arthur Goldberg, president of Park Place Entertainment, to
determine whether they should have registered as lobbyists because of the time
they spent trying to influence the Legislature's handling of the casino bills.
That investigation was first reported Monday by The New York Post and confirmed
today by associates of Mr. Goldberg and Mr. Trump.

While Mr. Trump sought to prevent construction of a casino in the Catskills, Mr.
Goldberg wants to build one in a deal with the Mohawks.

Under the lobbying law, anyone whose work and expenses in trying to influence
legislation exceed $2,000 in a year must register with the commission as a
lobbyist. Mr. Trump and Mr. Goldberg both contend that they did so little
lobbying that they did not cross that threshold. In a 1997 opinion sought by Mr.
Trump, the commission ruled that the $2,000 rule applies not only to
professional lobbyists, but also to business owners and corporate executives who
buttonhole lawmakers on issue of interest to them.

A lawyer for Mr. Trump, Edward C. Wallace of Greenberg, Traurig, noted that Mr.
Trump, following the commission's advice, registered as a lobbyist in 1997 and
again in 1998, and that his company, Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts Inc., had
reported its rather lavish spending on several of the state's high-priced
professional lobbyists. "Obviously, this is not a guy who's averse to
disclosure," Mr. Wallace said.

To determine whether Mr. Goldberg and Mr. Trump spent more than $2,000 worth of
their time lobbying, the commission would have to determine not only how much
time was involved, but how much the two men earn, information they may be
reluctant to reveal.

Legislators, lobbyists and lobbying commission officials all agree that there
are many corporate chiefs who make calls to legislators but do not register as
lobbyists.

Some Trump associates said that the commission may be looking to make an example
of Mr. Trump, hoping that because he is so well known, an action against him
would be widely publicized and would spur other business leaders into filing as
lobbyists.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              17 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                              June 6, 2006 Tuesday

Bottom line

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 373 words


* AIRCRAFT. The Coalition of Airline Pilots Associations has hired Albertine
Enterprises to lobby on "safety and security issues," according to the
registration filed with the Senate Office of Public Records. James Albertine, a
former director of government affairs at the American Society of Association
Executives, and John Albertine, a ex-aide to the late Sen. Lloyd Bentsen
(D-Texas) and former vice chairman of the Fruit of the Loom company, are
lobbying on behalf of the pilots group.

* HEALTHCARE. The California Hospital Medical Center Foundation hired Cavarocchi
Ruscio Dennis Associates to lobby for federal funding.

GE Healthcare has hired Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld to lobby on issues
related to "medical imaging and health information technology," according to the
lobbying registration. Ladd Wiley, who had served as counselor to former Health
and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson, is lobbying for GE.

Akin Gump is also lobbying on behalf of the New York Yankees Partnership,
seeking "federal approvals necessary to complete stadium relocation." Former
Rep. Bill Paxon (R-N.Y.) is lobbying for the baseball team. He is joined by
Michael Rossetti, a former lawyer at the Interior Department and ex-aide to New
York Gov. George Pataki, a Republican.

* INDIAN AFFAIRS. Spokane Tribe has hired Parry, Romani, Deconcini & Symms to
lobby for S. 881, the Spokane Reservations Grand Coulee Dam Equity Compensation
Settlement Act.

* LOCAL GOVERNMENT. Marlowe & Co. is lobbying for Okaloosa County, Fla. The
county is seeking federal appropriations.

Meanwhile, North Dakota has hired Krista Michelle Carman to lobby on its behalf.

* TELECOMMUNICATIONS. Sprint Nextel Corp., the telecom giant, has hired King &
Spalding to lobby on any provision that would "affect providers of
communications services that are contained in legislation addressing electronic
surveillance," according to the lobbying registration. Dan Coats, a former U.S.
senator and ambassador to Germany, is lobbying on behalf of Sprint Nextel.

Level 3 Communications has hired Hogan & Hartson to lobby on "communications
issues," according to the lobbying registration. Jeffrey Munk, a former aide to
Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison (R-Texas), is lobbying on the company.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 20, 1999, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Legislative Gains and Stalls;
Resistance on Lobbying

SECTION: Section A; Page 36; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 452 words


When the opposition tries to take the higher road, it makes little sense to
stick to the lower road, hoping the entire scene will simply go away. But that,
in effect, has been the stubborn stance on lobbying reform taken by the New York
State Assembly as led by Speaker Sheldon Silver, a Manhattan Democrat. Mr.
Silver claims to want a tough lobbying reform package, but he has not issued any
proposal of his own and has failed to allow the most enlightened bill on this
issue to make it to the Assembly floor.

Meanwhile, Mr. Silver has been outflanked by his Republican opponent, the State
Senate majority leader, Joseph Bruno. Mr. Bruno persuaded the Senate last week
to pass a lobbying reform bill and agree to a voluntary ban on virtually all
gifts. These steps constitute a good first stab at deflecting the pervasive
influence of special interests in Albany.

New York's feeble law on lobbying is set to expire at the end of this year and
the Legislature initially appeared ready to extend the toothless measure for
four years. In July, however, The Times revealed how much money Philip Morris's
lobbyists had spent dispensing gifts, tickets and other benefits to 115 current
and former lawmakers in Albany -- details that were revealed in national tobacco
litigation but not in company reports to the lobbying commission in New York
State.

To calm the ensuing criticism, Mr. Bruno got the Senate to pass his bill,
knowing that the Assembly might not endorse it. To deflect criticism that this
was a one-house publicity stunt going nowhere, the Senate also endorsed
voluntary guidelines for its members. The bill does not go far enough, most
seriously because it fails to give auditing power to the commission that
oversees the lobbying industry. But at least Mr. Bruno has registered
embarrassment over the lobbying excesses that resulted in fines of more than
$75,000 for Philip Morris.

Since Mr. Bruno's public relations coup caught the Assembly leadership off
guard, Mr. Silver and his staff have been busily trying to poke holes in the
Senate bill while offering little beyond promises to replace it. One suggestion
-- a 30-day extension to the present law -- merely raises a question whether
Assembly members figured that if they stalled long enough, the pesky issue of
lobbying reform would disappear. Meanwhile, an excellent lobbying reform plan
put together by Assemblyman Alexander Grannis, a Democrat from Manhattan, has
been gathering mold in the committee rooms of Albany's lower house, at Mr.
Silver's orders.

It is time for the Assembly and Gov. George Pataki to stake out higher ground on
lobbying and gifts, not for political gamesmanship but as a matter of ethical
necessity.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              19 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                             July 18, 2006 Tuesday

Bottom line

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 376 words


* APPROPRIATIONS. The death of the appropriations earmark lobbyist may have been
greatly exaggerated. Madison, Ala., has hired Balch & Bingham to get the city
federal money. Alcalde & Fay is lobbying on behalf of Hialeah, Fla., for
"transportation, water infrastructure and justice appropriations," according to
the lobbying registration. Boulder City, Nev., has hired Windsor Freemyer, a
former chief of staff to Rep. Jon Porter (R-Nev.), to lobby for federal
appropriations. Ziebart Consulting is lobbying for Cheyenne, Wyo., on "all
issues relating to the FY 2007 appropriations process."

Henry County, Ga., turned to Holland & Knight to "secure federal appropriations
for infrastructure projects," according to the registration. The lobbying team
includes Amy Starzynski, a former aide to then-Rep. Johnny Isakson (R-Ga.),
since elected to a Senate seat.

* DRUG PREVENTION. The Charles Group is lobbying for the Courage to Speak
Foundation for federal "support for alcohol and drug prevention education,"
according to Senate lobbying records. Robert Charles, the group's founder, is a
former assistant secretary of state for international narcotics, law enforcement
affairs.

* EDUCATION. Van Scoyoc Associates is lobbying on behalf of the City University
of New York on higher-education issues.

* ENERGY. NRG Energy has hired the Alpine Group to lobby on energy and water
appropriations and on "clean-coal programs" and other energy-related issues,
according to its registration. Alpine's Charles Barnett, a former aide to Sen.
Blanche Lincoln (D-Ark.); Stephen Waguespack, a former aide to Rep. Joe Barton
(R-Texas); and James Massie, a firm founder, are lobbying on behalf of NRG.

Koch Industries, meanwhile, hired the Rhoads Group to lobby on S. 1566, the
Commodity Reauthorization Act.

Moncrief Oil International has hired Apco Worldwide. Its team include Elizabeth
Jones, the former assistant secretary of state for Europe and Eurasia.

The Edison Electric Institute (EEI) has hired LTD Group to "engage the Senate
Republican leadership on electric utility issues," according to the filing, and
lobby on a series of issues relating to its member companies. Michael Haywood is
lobbying on behalf of the EEI.

The EEI also recently hired the Mount Vernon Group.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 19, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

To Albany Lobbyists, It's Only Good Times

BYLINE: By KEVIN SACK, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 602 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 18


There were more lobbyists than ever walking the halls of the State Capitol last
year, and they earned a record amount of money for their attempts to influence
state government.

A report issued today by the State Commission on Lobbying showed that 1,993
lobbyists were registered with the state in 1990, a 17 percent increase over
1989. They were paid a total of $29.3 million in fees and expense
reimbursements, a 12 percent rise over the previous year.

Last year's growth contributed to a five-fold increase in state lobbying fees
since 1978, according to the report. The largest increases have been seen in the
last three years, when spending on lobbyists rose by 63 percent.

Four Firms Over $1 Million

"This is probably one of the few recession-proof industries left," said Celia
Viggo Wexler, legislative director of New York State Common Cause. "In good
times and bad, people are willing to pay good money for lobbyists."

Four lobbying firms collected more than $1 million in 1990, twice as many as
exceeded that mark in 1989. Leading the pack was the law firm of Bower & Gardner
of Manhattan, which merged at the beginning of last year with one of Albany's
most successful lobbying groups, Condello, Ryan & Piscitelli.

The firm's chief lobbyist is Kenneth Shapiro, a former chief counsel to both
Assembly Speaker Mel Miller and Mr. Miller's predecessor, Stanley Fink. Mr. Fink
is a partner in the law firm, but does not lobby in Albany, said Peter A.
Piscitelli, one of the firm's most active lobbyists.

Bower & Gardner collected $1.6 million in lobbying fees and reimbursements last
year. The other firms that passed the $1 million mark were Shea & Gold; Hinman,
Straub, Pigors & Manning; and Davidoff & Malito, each with about $1.1 million.

A report issued last week by the New York City Clerk showed that Davidoff &
Malito was paid an additional $1.6 million last year to lobby city officials,
more than any other firm. One of the law firm's partners is Sid Davidoff, a
friend, occasional adviser and regular tennis partner of Mayor David N. Dinkins.
The report last week by the New York City Clerk showed that one of every three
dollars in new lobbying money last year went to Mr. Davidoff's firm.

Among the largest state lobbying clients were members of the tobacco industry,
which fended off legislation proposed last year by Gov. Mario M. Cuomo to
restrict the sale of cigarettes from vending machines and to prohibit the free
distribution of cigarettes in promotional schemes. Philip Morris U.S.A. spent
$566,223 on state lobbying last year, more than any other corporation or
association. The Tobacco Institute spent an additional $250,258.The
second-largest spender was the New York State Soft Drink Association, which paid
$430,224 to lobbyists. That group was the loudest voice against another Cuomo
initiative, which would have given the state the unclaimed nickel deposits on
beer and soft-drink containers. The group also lobbied unsuccessfully against
the enactment of a two-cent container tax on soda bottles and cans.

Several Albany lobbyists said the growth of their industry has resulted from a
combination of factors, including the Federal Government's ceding of
responsibilities to the states during the 1980's and the increasing
sophistication of corporations and interest groups.

Morris H. Klein, the chairman of the commission, speculated that the state's
budget woes also contributed to the increase in lobbying. With fewer state
dollars available, more agencies and interest groups are seeking every advantage
in maintaining their share, he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphs: "Lobbying in Albany: A Growth Industry" shows gross income of
registered lobbyists for lobbying the State of New York, in millions of dollars,
from 1978-1990 (Source: New York Temporary State Commission on Lobbying)

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              21 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 29, 1999, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Where There's Smoke

SECTION: Section A; Page 20; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 443 words


In the mysterious ways of Albany, an extension of New York's feeble lobbying law
is now poised for approval by state legislators. This cowardly measure to
rubber-stamp the state's lobbying code for four more years has no identifiable
sponsors, perhaps an indication that even in Albany the system is recognized as
an embarrassment. New York State's lobbying law does not work, and if the
Legislature needs any more evidence of how the public is being hijacked by
special interests, the tobacco industry offers a ripe example.

As reported in Monday's Times by Clifford Levy, Philip Morris has spent tens of
thousands of dollars in recent years providing many of New York's legislators
with lavish dinners, as well as tickets to events like the Indianapolis 500 and
Lincoln Center concerts. This bounty was not revealed in the company's lobbying
reports in Albany but surfaced in documents submitted as part of lawsuits
against the tobacco interests in recent years.

The company's court documents cited dinners and gifts to Albany's legislative
leaders, including Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver and the Senate majority
leader, Joseph Bruno. Raymond Harding, the Liberal Party leader and a close
adviser to Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, received $12,500 a month from 1994 to 1998 as
a "government consultant" for the company, a fee Mr. Harding says was for legal
advice. Mr. Harding also says he does not lobby for Philip Morris in Albany.

The state's lobbying commission is investigating Philip Morris, but even if the
company has underreported its gift-giving, the present law offers little
punishment. A fine can be easily avoided by acknowledging the error on the state
lobbying forms within three days.

Meanwhile, legislators and Gov. George Pataki are squabbling about how much of
the state's share of a tobacco settlement should be applied to an effective
anti-smoking effort. Whether there is a connection between Albany's casual
approach to tobacco and the many meals for legislators courtesy of Philip Morris
would be hard to prove. But the possibility of such coziness deserves to be
addressed, with more powers for the lobbying commission, a broader definition of
lobbying and limits on gifts and favors.

A mere extension of the lobbying law means another defeat for the ordinary
citizen. The Governor and the Legislature should strengthen the state's lobbying
code to bring it on a par with those in states like Connecticut and Minnesota.
Failure to reform the law is another signal that the State Legislature prefers a
pliable, muddled system that allows politicians to accept favors without fear of
official scrutiny or public awareness.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              22 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                           December 20, 2005 Tuesday

Bottom line

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 547 words


*DEFENSE. Israel Aircraft Industries International, a defense and commercial
aircraft company, has hired The Ashcroft Group, founded by former Attorney
General John Ashcroft, to lobby on export control issues. The lobbyist listed in
the registration is Juleanna Glover Weiss, a former press aide to Vice President
Dick Cheney.

*ENERGY. Florida Power & Light has hired Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld to lobby
on issues relating to hurricane relief, according to its lobbying registration.
Jeffrey McMillen, a former majority staff director to the House Ways & Means
Select Revenue Measures Subcommittee, is lobbying on behalf of the utility.

*HIGH TECH. Online auctioneer eBay has hired a rising K Street firm, Mehlman
Vogel Castagnetti to lobby on "general telecommunications issues," according to
lobbying records filed with the Senate. The lobbying team includes Dean Rosen, a
former health policy director to Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist (R-Tenn.),
and Kelly Bingel, a former chief of staff to Sen. Blanche Lincoln (D-Ark.).

The firm recently registered to lobby for Lockheed Martin and the Essential
Worker Immigration Coalition.

*HURRICANE RELIEF. Adams & Reese, a New Orleans-based law and lobbying firm, has
been hired by Engineering Associates, a division of Pickering, a construction
company, to "work to secure funding for disaster clean-up and other projects,"
according to its lobbying registration. The firm is also lobbying on behalf of
the Lake Charles Harbor & Terminal District to "work to secure funding and
follow environmental regulations pertaining to port operation," according to the
registration.

Meanwhile, the Alpine Group, another firm with close ties to Louisiana, has been
hired by Churchill Downs, which own and operates the fairgrounds where the New
Orleans jazz fest is held, to monitor issues relating to the recovery effort
along the Gulf Coast. The lobbying team includes Rhod Shaw, a former chief of
staff to former Rep. James Hayes (D-La.).

*TAXES. PepsiCo, the soft-drink company, has hired Angus & Nickerson to lobby on
the research and development tax-credit extension, according to lobbying
records. The firm's founders, Gregory Nickerson, a former tax counsel on the
House Ways and Means Committee, and Barbara Angus, who was an international tax
counsel to the Treasury Department, are lobbying for PepsiCo.

The firm is also lobbying on tax matters on behalf of the Corporate Governance
Coalition, a group of companies.

Pricewaterhouse Coopers, meanwhile, is representing Arch Coal on the "tax
treatment of the production of refined coal," according to the registration.

*TELECOMMUNICATIONS. Cable giant Comcast has hired Arent Fox to lobby on
telecommunications issues, as Congress readies to take up telecom reform next
year. The lobbying team includes Gordon Taylor, a former chief of staff to
former Rep. Chris John (D-La.), who retired from the House in 2004 to mount an
unsuccessful run for the Senate.

*TRANSPORTATION. Pinecrest Community, an assisted living facility that
specializes in Alzheimer's patients, hired the C2 Group to lobby for
transportation appropriations. C2's lobbying team includes Michael Hanson, a
former chief of staff to Rep. Sam Johnson (R-Texas), and Nelson Litterst, a
former lobbyist for the Bush administration.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2005 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 7, 1994, Friday, Late Edition - Final

G.O.P. FILIBUSTER DEALS A SETBACK TO LOBBYING BILL

BYLINE: By ADAM CLYMER,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A;  Page 1;  Column 6;  National Desk

LENGTH: 1019 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 6


A Republican-led filibuster dealt a deadly blow today to legislation intended to
reveal how much lobbying goes on in Washington and to prohibit members of
Congress from receiving gifts.

Senate Republicans said they would try on Friday to revive the ban on gifts by
proposing a change in the Senate rules.

But the action today appeared to have doomed the larger measure on lobbying,
which included stricter reporting rules and broader definitions of lobbyists,
covering lawyers for the first time. It would also add lobbyists who seek help
from the Executive Branch.

As the 103d Congress limped toward an adjournment that it hoped to reach on
Friday, the blow to the lobbying bill exemplified the frustrating final days of
the session, as Republicans have blocked most of the late bills that matter to
Democrats, like health care and campaign finance.

For most of the day, both the House and the Senate debated nonbinding
resolutions about American troops in Haiti, while leaders consulted to see what
other measures they might be able to agree on.

Among the measures still alive, if not robust, were bills to protect the
California desert and to require Congress to obey the sort of workplace rules
and anti-discrimination requirements it has imposed on private industry.

After a blitz from conservative religious groups and radio talk show hosts, the
lobbying measure was plainly in trouble, but its support proved even weaker than
expected.  Forty-five Democrats and 7 Republicans voted to end debate; 10
Democrats and 36 Republicans voted to keep it going. The Senate dealt with the
gift ban and lobby reporting issues earlier in two separate bills. Each time 95
Senators voted in favor.

Opponents of the bill said it would inhibit grass-roots lobbying and threaten
religious groups by requiring them to disclose membership lists. Its supporters
called those complaints "fictional," as Senator George J. Mitchell of Maine, the
majority leader, put it. He said the accusations were a "smoke screen" for a
desire by senators and lobbyists to continue business as usual.

Mr. Mitchell scheduled a second vote on ending debate for Friday, but Senator
William S. Cohen of Maine, one of the bill's few Republican supporters, said, "I
think the wounds are mortal." The bill's principal sponsor, Senator Carl Levin,
Democrat of Michigan, said it was "apparently dead."

A senior White House official acknowledged tonight that President Clinton and
his aides had all but given up hope for passage of the bill. "At best it's on
life support, and the prognosis isn't good," the official said.

The fate of the gift ban was less clear. Senator Bob Dole of Kansas, the
minority leader, and other Republicans called for implementing the gift ban by a
simple rules change that would impose no new requirements on lobbyists and would
not affect House members. But rules changes must be formally proposed by the
majority leader, and Mr. Dole said he did not know whether Mr. Mitchell would do
as he asked. Another obstacle is that rules changes are subject to amendment,
and that could drag out the issue.

Mr. Mitchell did not respond directly to Mr. Dole's invitation to propose a
rules change. But at a subsequent news conference, he said Democrats would drop
all references to "grass-roots lobbying" if Republicans would back the rest of
the bill.

Earlier, Mr. Levin scoffed at the proposal, calling it inadequate because "most
of your paid lobbyists aren't going to be affected," since the existing
definition would be kept in place. But it may be difficult for Democrats to
resist Mr. Dole's invitation because it would at least be one step toward
political "reform" in a Congress in which other efforts, like restructuring the
campaign finance law, have been stymied.

Mr. Dole told a news conference that he had voted for the earlier versions of
the bill and had praised some parts of that he criticized today, because, he
said, he had not read it carefully enough.

"We're prepared to correct all the abuses, real or perceived, that have
tarnished the credibility of Congress," he said. "We're prepared to deal with
the gifts portion right now."

One provision that the House had voted for and insisted on in conference dealt
with "grass-roots lobbying," requiring identification of lobbyists employed by
such groups. Opponents insisted the bill's provisions would require that anyone
who gave money to such an effort be identified, and perhaps even entire church
memberships. Supporters said that was not the case at all.

What the measure was aimed at, Mr. Levin told reporters, was not real
grass-roots lobbying but "Astroturf lobbying" in which people are hired to
telephone individuals at random, talk them into supporting or opposing a bill,
and then transfer their calls to a Congressional office, collecting fees of
perhaps $100 for each call they transmit.

But while some church groups have viewed the measure as menacing, major groups
like the United States Catholic Conference, the Baptist Joint Committee and the
Union of American Hebrew Congregations, the latter a Reform organization, found
it harmless to their interests.

Senator Cohen tried to focus today's debate on the floor on traditional
Washington lobbying. "You start with the proposition that the current
registration laws are a joke," he said. "We have thousands of lobbyists in this
town. Only a small percentage actually register according to the existing law.
Of those few who do, the information they provide is meaningless. it is
useless."

"If we are trying to find out why the people are cynical about the political
process, take a look at what happens outside the Finance Committee when it takes
up a tax bill," he said. "That corridor is lined with paid professional
lobbyists who are paid huge sums of money to lobby on behalf of their clients.
The public, we feel, would like to know who is being paid how much to lobby for
whom on what issues."

Senator Dole insisted tonight that Republicans were not opposed to greater
reporting requirements for lobbyists. But, he said, "we can simplify it next
year."


LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "THE LOBBYING BILL: 44 Senators Who Had It Both Ways"

In May 1993, 95 senators voted yes on spearate parts of a bill to restrict
lobbying and gifts to senators or their staffs. Yesterday, 46 senators
apparently killed the bill by voting against an effort to end debate. Here are
the 44 Senators who voted yes on at least one part of the bill but joined the
opponents of the bill yesterday.

ALABAMA

*Howell Heflin D
*Richard C. Shelby D

ALASKA

*Frank H. Murkowski R

ARIZONA

John McCain R

COLORADO

Ben Nighthorse Campbell D

FLORIDA

Connie Mack R

GEORGIA

Paul D. Coverdell R
Sam Nunn D

IDAHO

Larry Craig -R
Dirk Kempthorne R

INDIANA

Dan Coats R
Richard Lugar R

IOWA

Charles Grassley R

KANSAS

Robert Dole R
Nancy Kassebaum R

KENTUCKY

Mitch McConnell R

LOUISIANA

John Breaux D

MINNESOTA

David Durenberger R

MISSISSIPPI

Thad Cochran R
Trent Lott R

MISSOURI

Christopher Bond R
John Danforth R

MONTANA

Conrad Burns R

NEW HAMPSHIRE

Judd Gregg R
*Robert C. Smith R

NEW MEXICO

Jeff Bingaman D
Pete Domenici R

NEW YORK

Alphonse M. D'Amato R

NORTH CAROLINA

Lauch Faircloth R
Jesse Helms R

NORTH DAKOTA

Kent Conrad D

OKLAHOMA

Don Nickles R

OREGON

Robert Packwood R

SOUTH CAROLINA

Ernest F. Hollings D
Strom Thurmond R

SOUTH DAKOTA

Larry Pressler R

TENNESSEE

Harlan Mathews D

TEXAS

Phil Gramm R

UTAH

*Robert F.Bennett R
Orrin Hatch R

VIRGINIA

John Warner R

WASHINGTON

Slade Gorton R

WEST VIRGINIA

Robert Byrd D

WYOMING

Alan Simpson R

*In 1993, Heflin voted for gift limitations but did not vote on lobby reform;
Shelby voted for lobby reform but did not vote on gift limitations; Murkowski
and Bennett voted for lobby reform but against gift limitations; Smith voted for
gift limitations but against lobby reform.

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              24 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                           September 11, 2007 Tuesday

BOTTOM LINE

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 357 words


o AVIATION. LVTI, a commercial real estate developer in Austin, Texas, hired
Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman to lobby on an issue before the Federal Aviation
Administration, lobbying records show.

o ENERGY. El Paso Corp. hired Tongour Simpson Holsclaw & Cooney to lobby on its
behalf.

The Renewable Energy Group, a biodiesel producer, hired the Alpine Group to
lobby on energy and farm bills. The lobbying team includes Charles Barnett,
James Massie and Bob Brooks, a former chief of staff to Rep. Jim McCrery
(R-La.).

ExxonMobil hired Michael Solon, a former Senate Republican aide, to lobby on
energy issues.

o FINANCIAL SERVICES. Baptista Group is lobbying for Discover Financial Services
on "issues impacting the credit-card industry," according to Senate lobbying
records.

o FOOD. Del Monte Foods hired Brown Rudnick Berlack Israels to lobby on the farm
bill, according to the Senate lobbying registration.

o MEDIA. Barbour Griffith & Rogers is lobbying for Reed Elsevier, a publishing
company. The firm is providing "strategic counsel and advice on policy issues
important to the publishing and information industries," the Senate lobbying
registration states.

o MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY. National Electrical Manufacturers Association hired Avenue
Solutions to lobby on Medicare and other health issues, according to lobbying
registration. Amy Tejral, a former legislative director to Sen. Ben Nelson
(D-Neb.), Tracy Spicer and Laurie Sullivan are lobbying for the trade group.

o PATENT REFORM. Bank of America hired Bryan Cave Strategies to lobby on patent
reform issues. Bryan Cave's Broderick Johnson is lobbying for the financial
services company.

o SOFTWARE. Van Scoyoc Associates is lobbying for Social Solutions, a software
company. The firm is lobbying on "federal contract issues relating to software
services," according to Senate lobbying records.

o STATE GOVERNMENT. Indiana hired Justin Ailes to lobby on a variety of issues,
according to Senate lobbying records.

o TRANSPORTATION. Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld is lobbying for Centerpoint
Properties Corp. in support of "intermodal projects," according to the Senate
lobbying registration.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2007 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 14, 1997, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Firms Set a Record in Lobbying of City

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 617 words


Lobbyists reported earning a record $9.95 million last year to represent clients
on matters involving New York City government, an increase of 9 percent over
1995, according to a new report.

The report, compiled by the City Clerk's office, found that 60 percent of the
reported lobbying fees were earned by 10 firms, many of which are led by former
government officials and politically prominent lawyers.

For the first time in recent memory, the law firm of Davidoff & Malito, which
has strong connections to Democrats in New York City and Republicans in Albany,
did not head the list of top earners. With $816,036 in fees and 52 clients,
Davidoff & Malito ranked second on the latest list.

The top firm was Wilson, Elser, Moskowitz, Edelman & Dicker, which reported
taking in $900,143 in lobbying fees last year and registered to lobby on behalf
of 19 clients. The firm's lobbying in the city is headed by Peter A. Piscitelli,
who was a senior aide in the administration of Mayor Edward I. Koch, and some of
its lawyers are active in the Liberal Party, a base of support for Mayor Rudolph
W. Giuliani.

A firm with close ties to the Mayor, Fischbein Badillo Wagner Harding, came in
ninth, reporting $370,177 in lobbying fees and registering on behalf of 71
clients.

Two senior partners at Fischbein Badillo -- Herman Badillo and Raymond B.
Harding, the leader of the Liberal Party -- are influential unpaid advisers to
the Mayor, and Mr. Giuliani has been criticized by his Democratic rivals for
allowing the two to lobby his administration even as they continued to advise
him. Both men say they stopped their lobbying early this year after it became an
issue in the mayoral campaign, though others at the firm still lobby the
administration.

Companies seeking to lobby city agencies have flocked to Fischbein Badillo since
the Mayor moved into City Hall in 1994.

In the year before he took office, the firm registered on behalf of only three
lobbying clients.

The Democrats have also accused Fischbein Badillo of under-reporting its
lobbying income in an effort to play down its influence in the Giuliani
administration. By law, lobbyists are required to file reports with the City
Clerk's office listing their clients, fees and the officials they lobbied.

Of the top 10 firms in the City Clerk's report, Fischbein Badillo registered to
lobby on behalf of the highest number of clients. But its average fee per
client, $5,214, was far less than the average for the other nine firms, which
was $38,016, according to an analysis of the report.

Richard Fischbein, a senior partner at Fischbein Badillo, said the firm
repeatedly erred on the side of caution by registering on behalf of clients even
if it was not planning to lobby for them, in case it unexpectedly did have to
lobby for them.

That practice made it seem as if the firm had more lobbying clients than it
actually did, lowering the figure for the average fees per client, Mr. Fischbein
asserted.

"We were very, very careful to put down anyone whom we thought we might do
lobbying for," he said. "But when it turned out that we didn't, they are still
registered, and those are the numbers that you are using."

He added that the firm had recently tightened its policy and would register only
when it actually did lobbying.

For the first quarter of 1997, the firm registered on behalf of 35 or so
clients, he said.

Mr. Piscitelli, the head lobbyist in the city for Wilson, Elser, noted that the
lobbying retainers that clients signed with the firm lumped together fees for
lobbying in the city and in Albany.

As a result, he said, some of the fees reported to the city may have been for
lobbying the state government.


LOAD-DATE: May 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              26 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Arizona Capitol Times

                                August 12, 2005

Lobby Spending In Arizona Increasing, Study Reports

BYLINE: Jim Small

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 434  words


A just released study from a Washington, D.C. nonprofit research group says more
than $950 million was spent nationally on lobbying efforts in 2004, up nearly
$50 million from the year before, and ranked Arizona in the middle of the pack
when it comes to openness and accountability within the state's lobbying
industry.

The Center for Public Integrity report, released Aug. 10, says lobbyists in
Arizona spent nearly $3.1 million in 2004 trying to influence policy makers, up
from $2.4 million in 2003.

The amount spent on lobbying in Arizona in 2004 was nearly $1 million higher
than the 1999 level of $2.2 million, the first year the state required lobbyists
to report spending.

By comparison, lobbying efforts in California, Texas and New York cost $212
million, $162 million and $144 million, respectively.

The state was also ranked 21st overall in a survey about the rules and
regulations placed on the lobbying industry. The survey rated states' answers to
survey questions about lobbying laws currently in place; answers that promoted
more openness and accountability received higher scores.

Arizona 'Passes'

Overall, Arizona received a score of 61 out of 100. The report considers all
scores above 60 "passing," though Arizona was graded "barely passing. " The
state received low marks for, among other things, its policies on spending
disclosures for individual lobbyists, scoring only 15 out of a possible 29
points.

Specifically, the state was graded lower because there are no requirements for
lobbyists to report spending on members of a public official's household or
direct business associations with public officials, candidates or members of
their households. Also, Arizona does not have auditing authority over lobbyist
spending reports.

With 87 points, Washington state received the highest score in the report.

The report says Arizona has one of the highest ratios of lobbyists to lawmakers
in the country. Based on 2004 figures, the report says there are approximately
800 lobbyists registered in Arizona and 90 legislators; the nine lobbyists for
each lawmaker gives the state the sixth-highest ratio in the nation.

(Current figures from the Secretary of State's Office show there are 1,227
active lobbyists in Arizona, including 244 public body lobbyists).

Arizona trailed only Ohio, Colorado, Illinois, Florida and New York, which led
the pack with 18 lobbyists registered for each of its 212 legislators.

Nationally, there are five lobbyists and nearly $130,000 in expenditures per
state lawmaker. The report said total lobbyist spending nationwide is expected
to exceed $1 billion next year.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 12, 1998, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Lobby Admits to Higher Spending in Smoking-Law Fight

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B;  Page 6;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 611 words


The tobacco industry's trade group acknowledged yesterday that it had spent far
more than it had disclosed on an unsuccessful effort to persuade Albany to scale
back anti-smoking laws adopted by New York City and other localities.

The trade group, the Tobacco Institute, had originally reported that its
lobbying expenditures in 1995 were $110,132. Yesterday, in settling a complaint
before the state lobbying commission, it acknowledged the total was actually
$553,204, or $443,072 more than it had reported.

Under the state's lobbying laws, the trade group was not penalized, prompting
even the commission's chairman to concede that the rules needed to be toughened.

After New York City and some nearby localities passed laws in 1994 and 1995
banning smoking in most restaurants, the tobacco industry took its fight to
block those laws to Albany. It hoped to get the state to approve relatively lax
rules for the entire state that would supersede the local ones.

The tobacco industry formed a coalition with the Empire State Restaurant and
Tavern Association and, at that time, some smoking opponents questioned whether
the industry was funneling some of its lobbying money through its ally.
Yesterday, the Tobacco Institute essentially confirmed those suspicions.

The commission, known as the New York Temporary State Commission on Lobbying,
began its investigation of the Tobacco Institute after receiving a complaint
from three groups -- the New York Public Interest Research Group, Common Cause
New York and the League of Women Voters of New York.

The groups sent the commission a copy of a document that was contained in court
papers in the lawsuit that the State of Minnesota filed against the tobacco
industry. The document showed the industry's lobbying expenditures for 1995,
including those for New York State. The amount was far higher than that which
the trade group had disclosed to New York regulators.

The Tobacco Institute, which declined to comment yesterday, did not dispute the
complaints or the commission's findings. But under state law, the group was able
to to avoid any penalty simply by amending its disclosure forms.

According to the findings, the Tobacco Institute funneled $443,072 in 1995 to
the Empire State Restaurant and Tavern Association, with the intent of having
the association use the money to lobby the Legislature on what was known as the
smoking pre-emption bill.

As part of the settlement, the state restaurant association acknowledged
underreporting its lobbying by $383,285, which the commission determined was the
amount of Tobacco Institute money that was actually spent by the restaurant
association on lobbying. The restaurant association was also not penalized.
Scott Wexler, executive director of the association, said it was not admitting
that it had broken the law, but merely seeking an expeditious way of ending the
matter. He said the association still believed that it had spent the money from
the Tobacco Institute on polling and other items that did not come under the
lobbying law.

"We are not challenging, we are not conceding, but we are reporting," he said.

The lobbying commission's chairman, Milton Mollen, said the tobacco case
demonstrated that the State Legislature should heed the commission's
longstanding request for more power. "The laws should be clarified and
expanded," he said.

The legislative director for the New York Public Interest Research Group, Blair
Horner, said the disclosures yesterday underscored how the tobacco industry
gives money to other groups to advance its agenda.  "They were dishonorable, and
only by pure luck did they get caught," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              28 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            March 22, 2006 Wednesday

Bottom line

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 347 words


* DEFENSE. Daniel French & Associates, based in Syracuse, N.Y., is lobbying for
GE Inspection Technologies, which designs and manufactures remote
visual-inspection products. The firm is seeking federal appropriations "in the
areas of combat safety technology for soldiers and videoprobe and camera
systems," according to the lobbying registration.

* ENERGY. Environmental Power Corp., an energy company, has hired Hammer
Associates to lobby for "government incentives for biogas development,"
according to the lobbying registration. Amy Hammer is the lobbyist listed on the
form. She is also lobbying for Schwan's Sales Enterprises, a food company, on
tax matters.

* FOOD. The Association of Food Industries, a trade association of food
importers, has hired Schmeltzer, Aptaker & Shepard to lobby in support of
"several free-trade agreements that the United States is negotiating," according
to the lobbying registration.

* HEALTHCARE. Washington Strategic Consulting is lobbying on behalf of the
Neuropathy Association, a nonprofit patient advocacy group. The firm is
monitoring Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement legislation and other healthcare
funding issues, according to the lobbying registration filed with the Senate
Office of Public Records.

* KATRINA RECOVERY. Dutko Worldwide is lobbying on behalf of Dynamic Industries,
a New Iberia, La.-based construction company. Dutko's Karen Yeager, who is a
former adviser at the Homeland Security Department and campaign aide to Sen.
Trent Lott (R-Miss.), is helping Dynamic win Federal Emergency Management Agency
contracts for rebuilding the Gulf Coast.

* MANUFACTURING. Dutko is also lobbying on behalf of the Rubber Manufacturers
Association. The lobbying team consists of Marcus Veazey, a former aide to the
late Sen. Paul Coverdell (R-Ga.), and Craig Pattee, who worked at the Education
Department during Bush 41's administration.

* TELECOMMUNICATIONS. Telecom giant IDT Corp. has hired K&L Consulting to lobby
for energy and water appropriations. K&L President Kelly Lugar, a former Energy
Department official, is lobbying for IDT.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                              May 16, 2006 Tuesday

Bottom line

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 352 words


* APPROPRIATIONS. The Woman's Hospital in Baton Rouge, La., has hired native son
Bob Livingston's growing firm, the Livingston Group, to represent its interests
in Washington. The hospital is looking for federal appropriations. The team
includes Livingston, the former chairman of the House Appropriations Committee,
and former aides and founding partners Paul Cambon, Richard Legendre and J.
Allen Martin.

* DEFENSE. Valente & Associates is lobbying for Haas TCM, a Pennsylvania-based
chemical company. The issue is Defense Department procurement, and the lobbyists
working the account are Michael Bell and Mark Valente, according to the
registration filed with the Senate Office of Public Records.

* ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT. Artemis Strategies is lobbying for Berks Economic
Partnership, a Reading, Pa., economic-development group. The firm is seeking
federal support for economic-development programs for its client.

* HEALTHCARE. The American College of Rheumatology has hired Patton Boggs. The
issues the firm is tracking include physician reimbursement and funding for
arthritis and rheumatology research, according to the lobbying registration.

* HOMELAND SECURITY. The House of Representatives of Puerto Rico has hired
Akerman Senterfitt to lobby on its behalf before the U.S. Congress. Jose Fuentes
is working the account. Fuentes served as attorney general of Puerto Rico from
1997 to 2000.

* IMMIGRATION. The Crosby Group is lobbying for Americans for Immigration
Control. William Crosby, a former chief counsel to the House Rules Committee, is
the firm's founder and lead lobbyist for the immigration group.

* LOCAL GOVERNMENT. Robertson Monagle & Eastaugh is lobbying for the County of
Kauai in Hawaii. The issues include the energy and water appropriations bill,
according to the lobbying registration.

* TAXES. The Tenant in Common Association, a Sacramento, Calif.-based group that
represents the "fractional ownership industry," has hired Skadden, Arps, Slate,
Meagher & Flom to lobby on its behalf. Pamela Olson, a former Treasury
Department assistant secretary for tax policy, is lobbying for the group.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 28, 2000, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

New Law On Lobbying Brings Jump In Fines

BYLINE: By RICHARD PEREZ-PENA

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 463 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, June 27


The state lobbying commission assessed $133,600 in fines today, quadruple what
it levied in all of 1998, in a sign that a new lobbying law and a get-tough
attitude by the commission are affecting a culture of lax compliance with
disclosure rules.

The Temporary State Commission on Lobbying fined 37 organizations, including the
New York Yankees, New School University, the accounting firm of Ernst & Young,
Polytechnic University of Brooklyn, the unions representing New York City's
police detectives and paramedics, and various less famous transgressors -- all
for failure to meet filing deadlines.

Lobbyists and their clients are required to disclose lobbying income and
expenses every three months. But under the old law, a missed deadline brought
nothing more than a warning, followed by a grace period in which the report
could be filed late without penalty.

The new law, adopted in December, eliminates the grace period and allows fines
up to $25,000 for violations of the disclosure rules, up from a maximum of
$5,000 under the old law.

Last year, it was revealed that the chief lobbyist here for Philip Morris, the
world's largest tobacco company, had failed to disclose dinners, tickets to
events and other gifts to legislators and other state officials, and had
falsified many of her lobbying reports.

After those disclosures, the commission -- which, despite its name, has existed
since the 1970's -- began flexing its muscles. In November, it assessed fines of
$75,000 against Philip Morris and $15,000 against its lobbyist, Sharon T.
Portnoy, for repeated violations of the law. No person, company or firm had ever
been fined more than $5,000 in a single case.

This year, the commission fined Microsoft $30,000 for filing a report that
misstated who had attended a dinner it gave at a Manhattan restaurant for city
and state officials.

Today's fines were meted out against one lobbyist and 37 lobbying clients for
failure to file year-end reports on 1999 lobbying by Jan. 15.  The commission
held a public hearing on the late reports last week, then held a closed meeting
to set the fines, which ranged from $1,500 to $5,000. Officials at the
commission declined to explain the differing amounts.

In a written statement, the commission said that in addition to the fines, it
had already charged fees of up to $25 for each day a report was late.

The commission assessed $21,900 in fines for all of 1997. In 1998, the figure
rose to $33,300. In 1999, it jumped to $103,750, but $90,000 of that was the
Philip Morris case.

So far, this year, the commission has levied $183,600 in fines, almost half of
it for late filings.

"The year's only half over," said David M. Grandeau, executive director of the
commission. "I'm sure there will be more."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              31 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 19, 1998, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Lobbyists' Spending in Albany Increases 31%

BYLINE: By RICHARD PEREZ-PENA

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 767 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 18


Lobbying the Legislature continues as one of New York's most dependable growth
industries, with spending up almost a third during the last three years,
according to a state lobbying commission report released today.

Led by the health care industry, public employees' unions and Donald J. Trump,
interest groups spent $51.4 million in 1997 to influence legislation, the annual
report said, up from $39.1 million in 1994. Last year was the 18th in a row that
spending on lobbying grew.

The report also showed that the lobbying firm headed by Mel Miller, a former
Assembly Speaker, had the biggest increase in business, vaulting from a
mid-sized player in 1996 to the sixth-largest lobbyist last year, as measured by
total income from lobbying contracts.

The report lists only the top 10 lobbying firms by rank, and Mr. Miller's group
was well out of the running for the top tier last year.

Mr. Miller's firm, Bolton-St. John's Inc., also includes Norman Adler, a
Democratic campaign consultant, and it is affiliated with Armand D'Amato, a
Republican and former Assemblyman whose brother is United States Senator Alfonse
M. D'Amato.

Bolton-St. John's,which is named for the streets in Brooklyn where Mr. Miller
and Mr. Adler grew up, saw its business more than double and its client list
grow from 17 to 27.

The firm's income from lobbying, along with reimbursement for expenses such as
taking legislators to dinner, jumped from $525,000 in 1996 to more than $1.2
million last year.

The annual report is compiled by the State Commission on Lobbying, a panel that
must be renewed by state legislators every few years.

The report showed that 2,047 lobbyists registered with the commission last year.
But the document provides only a piece of the picture, because clients and
lobbyists are required to report only on efforts to influence legislation, not
attempts to persuade state agencies to award contracts or change policies.

Despite its limitations, the annual lobbying report provides a monetary road map
of what goes on in the Capitol.

With state government locked in a fight over rent regulation last year, the main
landlords' group, the Rent Stabilization Association, spent $633,000 on
lobbying, the fourth-highest by any interest group and more than four times as
much as it spent the year before.

The top spender last year was the Greater New York Hospital Association, at
$898,000; another hospital group, the Healthcare Association of New York State,
ranked fifth, at $524,000, and the Medical Society of the State of New York, the
doctors' group, spent $381,000.

"It's the competition for the public dollar that's always involved," said Milton
Mollen, the former appellate judge and New York City deputy mayor who is vice
chairman of the lobbying commission.

The health care industry spent much less on lobbying last year than it did the
previous two years, when more was at stake. In 1995 and 1996, Gov. George E.
Pataki proposed deep cuts in Medicaid, while last year he called for a smaller
reduction, and quickly abandoned even that goal. And in 1996, the state dropped
its system of regulating charges for hospital care, a change the industry
strenuously resisted.

Mr. Trump's lobbying helped defeat a measure last year that would have allowed
casino gambling in New York, presenting competition to his Atlantic City
casinos. Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts was the third-biggest spender, at
$672,000.

Advocacy groups noted that the top lobbying clients are also among the state's
top political campaign contributors.

"Money talks and it's a tiny minority who can afford it," said Rachel Leon,
executive director of Common Cause New York.

Mr. Miller's lobbying group, Bolton-St. John's, by far showed the largest growth
rate for any firm.

A prominent independent lobbyist, Giorgio DeRosa, joined the firm last year and
brought with him major clients like the Public Employees Federation.

In January 1997, Bolton-St. John's established what Mr. Miller describes as an
informal affiliation with Armand D'Amato. He said that Mr. D'Amato has an office
at Bolton-St. John's headquarters in Manhattan and that they refer clients to
each other. But he said that Mr. D'Amato is neither a partner nor an employee of
Bolton-St. John's.

But the arrangement did put Bolton-St. John's in an elite group of lobbying
firms that have important ties to both major political parties.

Mr. Miller said today that his company had gained only one new client last year
through a referral from Mr. D'Amato, Cambridge Credit Corporation, which paid
Bolton-St. John's $67,500.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              32 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 13, 1988, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

New York Lobbyists Spent $17 Million in '87

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2, Page 46, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 639 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 12


Lobbyists spent a record $17.9 million last year wooing state legislators, Cuomo
administration officials and others in state government, according to a new
report.

Included in those expenditures was $422,000 that groups spent on cocktail
parties and similar functions, said the Temporary State Commission on Lobbying,
which prepared the report.

Lobbyists registered with the commission spent $1.8 million more in 1987 than
they did in 1986, the commission said. The total would be $4 million to $6
million higher if lobbyists were required to report lodging, travel and meal
expenses, the commission chairwoman, Jean Amatucci-Fox, said.

About 75 percent of the $17.9 million total was spent lobbying the State
Legislature, she said.

State Registration Required

''I think it's a good thing that there's lobbying,'' Ms. Amatucci-Fox said,
adding that with the great number of issues before the Legislature, ''it would
be absolutely impossible for every one of those people to know everything about
every issue.''

Concerns and clients must register with the state commission if they earn or
spend more than $2,000 for lobbying the Legislature in a given year. The figures
for 1987 reflect work by 1,590 registered lobbyists and 24 public corporations
that represented 776 clients, the commission said.

Spending on lobbying has increased each year since the commission began filing
reports in 1979.

'The Hot Dogs Were Very Good'

The group that spent the most on parties was the state's Public Employees
Federation, a union of 57,000 public employees, which spent $36,822 in 1987, the
commission said.

''The hot dogs were very good,'' a union spokesman, Ronald Kermani, said
jokingly. ''They were kosher.''

Mr. Kermani added the union's increased lobbying expenditures have helped it
gain clout in Albany.

Next on the list of spending for parties was the Insurance Brokers Association
of New York State, which spent $26,505, the commission said.

Third was the New York State Catholic Conference, which spent $21,212, with the
state Business Council fourth at $17,765 and the A.F.L.-C.I.O. fifth at $16,648,
the commission said.

The commission annually releases the total spent on parties, but this is the
first year it has broken it down by group, said Louis Cotrona, the panel's
executive director.

The biggest spender for lobbying in Albany last year, as it has been in the
past, was the City of New York, which spent $351,534, the commission said. In
1986, the city spent $306,292.

Albany Firm Leading Lobbyist

Second was the New York State United Teachers, which spent $241,320 in 1987, an
increase from $218,804 a year earlier. Third was the New York State School
Boards Association, which spent $222,371 in 1987, up from $172,459 the previous
year.

Completing the top 10 spenders in 1987 in order were: the New York State Bankers
Association, $211,099; the State Business Council, $185,696; the Tobacco
Institute, $183,293; the Conference of Mayors and Other Municipal Officials,
$163,441; the R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, $152,346; the Public Employees
Federation, $152,301, and the New York City Board of Education, $148,746.

The leading lobbyist for 1987 continued to be the Albany firm of Condello, Ryan
& Piscitelli, which made $1.2 million lobbying state government, an increase of
about $50,000 from 1986.

Second on the list was Shea & Gould, which made $1.01 million in 1987, a drop of
about $50,000 from the year before.

The third leading lobbyist was the firm of Hinman, Straub, Pigors & Manning,
which made $750,225 lobbying in 1987, the commission said.

Ms. Amatucci-Fox said lobbying expenses increased last year in part because more
concerns are registering with the commission, therefore allowing their expenses
to be recorded, and in part because there are more lobbyists.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              33 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 9, 1980, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

LOBBYING COSTS PUT AT OVER $6 MILLION IN NEW YORK

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 52, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 342 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Nov. 8


Localities and other governmental entities spent almost $500,000 on lobbying
efforts in New York State during the first nine months of 1980, and more than
$164,000 of that amount was spent by New York City.

In the same period, private companies that were paid to try to influence
governmental decisions in the state reported spending more than $6 million,
according to figures released Thursday by the Temporary State Commission on the
Regulation of Lobbying.

The largest spenders among the public entities were New York City, with
$164,682, and the New York City Board of Education, with $46,201.

The state's five regional Offtrack Betting Corporations spent $88,701, with the
New York City OTB leading with $36,803. Suffolk County reported spending
$31,104, while the Power Authority of New York reported expenditures of $23,306.


Con Ed Spends $131,806

In the private sector, the largest expenditure was made by the Consolidated
Edison Company, which reported paying $131,806 to its chief lobbying firm -
Kronish, Lieb, Shainswit, Weiner & Hellman.

The New York Telephone Company reported paying $91,799 to its main lobbyist,
Jerome Schutzer, during the nine-month period.  Taken together, local
governments and public agencies reported spending $493,760 between Jan. 1 and
Sept. 31 on lobbying efforts.  A commission spokesman said, the the figures for
the private groups only included money paid to private lobbying firms, and did
not take into account money spent within the company on lobbying

The figures were released as registered lobbyists reported their income and
expenses for the third quarter of the year. New York State law requires that a
lobbyist's income and expenses be reported once they reach a certain level.

The commission also said as of Oct. 31, 1,671 lobbyists were registered,
compared with 1,323 for all of 1979. Also, 656 clients were listed, compared
with 602 for all of last year.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              34 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 27, 2000, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Pataki Seeks to Expand Panel to Enforce Laws Against Illegal Lobbying

BYLINE: By WINNIE HU

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 579 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Jan. 26


A month after the State Legislature toughened the law regulating lobbying, Gov.
George E. Pataki said today that he would request $400,000 to create 11 new
positions at the state lobbying commission to enforce the changes.

"They're going to have a lot more work," Mr. Pataki said at a news conference to
announce changes to the budget proposal he unveiled two weeks ago. "They have a
tougher lobbying law, and I think that's a good thing." He said he would
formally submit a list of budget amendments to lawmakers on Monday.

The lobbying commission monitors the activities and expenditures of lobbyists
and their clients. The six-member board, which is appointed by the governor, and
its nine staff members have the authority to levy fines for lobbying violations.
Last year, Philip Morris paid $75,000, the highest such fine ever imposed, for
underreporting the money it spent to lobby New York lawmakers.

Mr. Pataki would not specify today how the commission would be expanded, but
state officials have previously requested additional staff and money to keep up
with the groundswell of lobbying in the state capital. Expenditures by lobbyists
climbed to a record $55 million in 1998.

Under the law passed in December, lobbyists will be required to file financial
statements of their expenditures every two months, instead of four times a year
under the previous law, and their clients are to make reports twice a year to
the commission, instead of once. In addition, state officials will put in effect
an auditing system to check the statements and will extend the lobbying law next
year to counties and municipalities with more than 50,000 people.

Mr. Pataki's proposed increase would bring the commission's budget to
$1,075,000, a 63.9 percent increase from last year. David M. Grandeau, executive
director of the commission, did not return phone calls seeking comment today.

Blair Horner, legislative director for the New York Public Interest Research
Group, said the increase might not be enough to cover the costs of enforcing the
lobbying law. "No one really knows how much it will cost to implement the new
law," Mr. Horner said. "My guess is that this is a bare bones increase, and we
will urge legislators to spend even more."

John McArdle, a spokesman for the Senate majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno, said
the governor's budget amendments, including the increase for the lobbying
commission, would be carefully reviewed. "Senator Bruno is a strong advocate for
lobbying reform, as well as strengthening the disclosure requirements with the
lobby commission, and recognizes that this will take additional resources," he
said.

Patricia Lynch, a spokeswoman for the Assembly speaker, Sheldon Silver, would
not comment on the governor's proposal until lawmakers had had a chance to
review it.

In another change to his budget, Mr. Pataki said he would ask for $1 million to
begin redeveloping Governors Island. Earlier this month, Mr. Pataki and Mayor
Rudolph W. Giuliani outlined a $30 million plan to put a hotel and conference
center, stores, apartments and public parks on the 173-acre island south of
Manhattan.

Mr. Pataki, who is not proposing any cuts, said the overall budget would remain
the same, because his earlier figures had contained inflated cost estimates in
other areas. He said there would be no major changes in his education proposals,
which have quickly become the most divisive issues between Republicans and
Democrats.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              35 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 19, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Inequity of Lobbying Deduction

SECTION: Section 3; Page 13; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 223 words


To the Editor:

In "Congress's Wrong Turn on Lobbying" (Viewpoints, Nov. 28), Donald B. Susswein
argues that the 1993 tax law's denial of Federal tax deductions for business
lobbying expenses is not appropriate. However, he overlooks the similar penalty
the tax code imposes on some forms of individual lobbying.

Of course, some benefits of individual lobbying, like increased civil liberties,
are not subject to Federal income tax. But other individual lobbying can produce
benefits that are reflected in higher taxable income.

Individuals can lobby for policies that would allow increased capital formation,
foster job retraining, establish fair-hiring practices, bolster labor laws and
trade protection and set higher minimum wages. Individuals can also press for
measures that would increase the return on their taxable investments or reduce
their state and local income and property taxes.

Since individuals are penalized because they are not allowed to deduct the costs
of such lobbying while they must pay taxes on the associated benefits, it is
unclear whether the 1993 tax law's imposition of a similar penalty on business
lobbying is a step toward or away from a level playing field.

ALAN D. VIARD
Columbus, Ohio, Dec. 1

The writer is an assistant professor of economics at Ohio State University.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              36 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  New Orleans City Business (New Orleans, LA)

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

VW, with limited DC lobbying footprint, braces for Congress

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 842  words


For the first time, Volkswagen Group of America President and CEO Michael Horn
will appear before a congressional investigative committee this week. He, and
the company, will bring little Washington political clout to the table.

The world's No. 1 automaker has a modest political footprint in the nation's
capital, compared to the lobbying and fundraising efforts of rivals Toyota, GM
and Ford. That dynamic that could put Horn at a disadvantage Thursday when he
appears before the House Energy and Commerce subcommittee on oversight and
investigations.

The panel's chairman, Rep. Tim Murphy, R-Pa., said lawmakers want answers
following Volkswagen's admission that it installed "defeat-devices" in some
diesel vehicles that emitted far more exhaust pollution than was legal.

"The American people want to know why these devices were in place," Murphy said
in a statement. "We will get them those answers. "

Campaign finance records show only a few thousand dollars in federal campaign
donations by Volkswagen's top executives during the most recent election cycle
-- a figure dwarfed by the political giving of its top global competitors.

VW did report spending about $1 million a year on its in-house lobbying
operation run out of the German giant's U.S. headquarters in northern Virginia.
It spent $260,000 or so annually on outside help from a Washington-based
lobbying law firm, largely focusing on issues affecting diesel engines,
emissions regulations and fuel efficiency standards, records show.

However, compare that to General Motors, which spent seven times as much as VW
on federal lobbying in 2014. Ford Motor Co. spent four times as much, while
Toyota's lobbying expenditures were about triple those of VW.

Volkswagen has one U.S. manufacturing plant that employs about 2,200 workers in
Tennessee. Prior to opening the facility in 2011, the automaker hired five local
lobbyists to help it secure hundreds of millions of dollars in incentives and
tax breaks from the state legislature and governor. While VW's lobbying has been
limited in the U.S., it employs a large lobbying corps abroad.

Toyota, meanwhile, has 10 U.S. plants, including major facilities in Indiana,
Kentucky, Mississippi and Texas. Those deep U.S. ties, and tens of thousands of
U.S. workers dependent on the company for jobs, helped give the Japanese
automaker the political capital to weather a recent criminal investigation into
the company's handling of problems with unintended acceleration in its cars. In
a 2014 agreement with the U.S. Justice Department, Toyota agreed to pay a $1.2
billion fine.

Similarly, GM agreed to pay $900 million last month to resolve its deadly
ignition-switch scandal, striking a deal with the Justice Department that
avoided criminal charges against any individual executives.

Volkswagen could face penalties of up to $18 billion from the Environmental
Protection Agency, although any fine isn't expected to reach that amount.

The automaker says it has set aside more than $7 billion to pay fines, recall
costs and legal settlements. There are also signs the company is moving to
strengthen its presence in Washington, though the required disclosures of any
new hires or increased spending won't be due for weeks.

"Typically when companies are having trouble, one of the things they do for
damage control is step up their lobbying," said Dale Eisman, spokesman for the
public interest group Common Cause. "It certainly would fit the pattern of other
companies that have had embarrassing episodes with corporate mistakes. You step
up your lobbying and do what you can to repair your image with decision makers.
"

A VW spokeswoman, Jeannine Ginivan, said this week that in-house staff and
outside agencies will handle the company's public relations, marketing and
lobbying efforts in the wake of the scandal.

"We're all quite busy," Ginivan said. "We understand it's going to take time to
rebuild the brand and the trust. "

VW has hired Jones Day, one of the nation's largest law firms, to conduct a
review of how computer code designed to game emissions tests ended up in nearly
a half-million vehicles sold in the United States. According to federal
regulators, the trick boosted driving performance of VW's "Clean Diesel" engines
while spewing up to 40 times the allowed levels of pollution.

VW is also likely to launch a wide-ranging public relations effort to restore
its image with customers. In a statement, the company said it is "committed to
communicating with various stakeholders and ensuring them that we are working
very hard to make things right. "

"I wouldn't be at all surprised to see ... commercials that say, 'We know we
messed up. We made mistakes, we're contrite, but we're determined to do better
in the future,' " Eisman said. "That type of thing you hear from not only
corporations, but from politicians who get in trouble. "

To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here.

http://www.neworleanscitybusiness.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more
from this resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                           December 5, 2012 Wednesday

Top aide to MD governor leaving for lobbying firm;
Top aide to Md. governor leaving for DC lobbying firm, 2nd high profile
departure in month

SECTION: A; Pg.4

LENGTH: 104  words


ANNAPOLIS, Md. (AP) - A long-time aide to Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley is
leaving to take a position with a Washington lobbying firm.

The departure of Rick Abbruzzese (A'-Bru-Zee) is the second high-profile
departure for O'Malley in a month. Chief lobbyist Joseph C. Bryce recently left
to join an Annapolis lobbying firm.

Abbruzzese is joining the lobbying firm of Rifkin, Livingston, Levitan and
Silver, joining Josh White, who managed governor's 2006 gubernatorial campaign.
Abbruzzese first worked with O'Malley in 2003. He has been deputy press
secretary, press secretary, deputy campaign manager and communications director.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 19, 2014 Wednesday

Mayo Clinic spends nearly $500k on lobbying in 2013

BYLINE: Heather J. Carlson, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 440 words


March 19--ST. PAUL -- Mayo Clinic spent nearly half a million on lobbying at the
state Capitol last year during its push to pass Destination Medical Center,
according to a report recently filed with the state.

Mayo spent $480,000 last year to influence legislative and administrative action
and compensate lobbyists, according to the Minnesota Campaign Finance and Public
Disclosure Board. That's the largest amount the clinic has spent on lobbying
since 2007, the last year lobbying totals are available on the board's website.

Mayo spokesman Bryan Anderson said in a statement that the bulk of those dollars
went toward lobbying for DMC.

"An initiative like DMC requires a lot of outreach to share the story of Mayo
Clinic's economic impact, not only in this community but the entire state,"
Anderson said.

Mayo's lobbying push ultimately was successful, with lawmakers and the governor
approving a $585 million funding package for public infrastructure aimed at
supporting Mayo Clinic's planned 20-year, $6 billion expansion. It is the
largest economic development project in state history.

In total, organizations spent more than $65 million to influence state
lawmakers. That's up from 2012 when just more than $59 million was spent.

While Mayo's lobbying total may sound like a lot, it pales in comparison to some
other organizations. The Minnesota Chamber of Commerce spent the most money on
lobbying last year with a total of $2.1 million. Mayo's lobbying totals put it
in 15th place for lobbying spending.

Mayo's lobbying total also is less than that spent by the Minnesota Vikings in
their quest for a new $1 billion stadium. The Vikings ended up spending $610,000
on lobbying in 2012.

The lobbying reports also illustrated the big funding gap between same-sex
marriage supporters and opponents. Minnesota United, the organization pushing
for same-sex marriage, spent $1.1 million on lobbying in 2013. That's more than
four times the amount spent by Minnesota for Marriage. The DFL-led Legislature
voted last year to legalize same-sex marriage.

The report also shows that Prairie Island Dakota Community spent $380,000 on
lobbying in 2013. IBM spent $60,000, the Southeast Minnesota Association of
Realtors spent $40,000 and Rochester Public Schools spent $30,000.

The state report also found another $5 million was spent by organizations to
influence action by the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission. The Rochester
Area Chamber of Commerce spent $60,000 on this type of lobbying in 2013, as did
Rochester Public Utilities.

___ (c)2014 the Post-Bulletin Visit the Post-Bulletin at www.postbulletin.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140319-RC-Mayo-Clinic-spends-nearly-500k-on-lobbying
-in-2013-0319-20140319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2014 Post-Bulletin


                              39 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                            December 1, 2009 Tuesday

High-Speed Lobbying Surges

BYLINE: Lynn Hume

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4 Vol. 370 No. 33225

LENGTH: 663  words


WASHINGTON - High-speed rail is the "newest gravy train" in Washington, D.C.,
with more than 50 public and private groups having registered in the last
quarter to lobby for billions of dollars of federal aid - a threefold increase
from a year ago, the Center for Public Integrity found in a recent
investigation.

That number is probably much higher because many groups and individuals keep
their lobbying efforts vague and do not specify high-speed rail in filings, the
center said in a five-page article summarizing its findings from a probe that
began in late spring.

The investigation involved the review of thousands of lobbying disclosure forms
filed with Congress, as well as dozens of interviews and a search of
congressional, governmental, and other records.

The lobbying frenzy has been stoked by $8 billion in stimulus funds that were
made available for high-speed rail projects by the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act, which was enacted in February. The funds are being sought by
applicants in at least 34 states that submitted proposals valued at $57 billion,
according to the center.

The Federal Railroad Administration had planned to award grants during the
summer, but delayed it to this winter after receiving so many applications.

More funds could be on the way, however. Congress is considering adding as much
as $4 billion for high-speed rail in next year's budget, and House
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee chairman James Oberstar, D-Minn, has
talked about the need for another $50 billion after that, the center said.

The 50-plus groups lobbying on high-speed rail include a state, 14 cities and
counties, labor unions such as the AFL-CIO, big freight railroads such as BNSF
Railway, supply companies, transit agencies, and even the Mayo Clinic in
Rochester, Minn., according to the center and Matthew Lewis, the author of the
article.

The article did not include a list of the groups lobbying on high-speed rail.
But Lewis said yesterday that the state is Pennsylvania and the cities and
counties are Bellevue, Wash.; Boise, Idaho; Las Vegas; Portland, Ore.; Mesa,
Ariz.; Melbourne, Fla.; Killeen,Austin, Dallas,and Denton in Texas; and Los
Angeles, San Diego, San Jose, and Merced County in California. The group also
included transit agencies in San Antonio and Salt Lake City, Lewis said.

Many of the governments are represented by the law and lobbying firms Patton
Boggs LLP and Ball Janik, according to the article.

Several companies have hired former federal transportation officials and
congressional staff from transportation committees. American Maglev Technology
in Georgia, for example, hired a former aide to Rep. Corrine Brown, D-Fla.,
chairwoman of the House Transportation subcommittee on railroads.

General Electric hired Linda Hall Daschle, the wife of former Senate Majority
Leader Tom Daschle and previous deputy administrator of the Federal Aviation
Administration, to lobby on rail. The Daschles recently hosted a fundraiser for
Oberstar's political action committee, the center said. GE has entered into an
agreement with China that would allow it to pursue American projects using
Chinese rail technology.

The French conglomerate Alstom, which provided the design and some equipment for
Amtrak's Acela train, has hired a new in-house lobbyist and spent $1.6 million
in lobbying fees this year, having never spent more than $1 million on such
activities in previous years, according to the article.

But millions of dollars of funding for high-speed rail funding going back as far
as 1965 has not produced much so far, according to the investigation. Only a
single line exists from Washington, D.C., to Boston and its speeds average less
than 80 miles per hour.

A report issued by the General Accountability Office earlier this year said that
while governments have provided more than $1 billion for 11 high-speed rail
proposals, some of the money was used to improve existing rail lines and none of
it has resulted in high-speed rail.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com/

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BB


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              June 12, 2009 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Health sectors aim to shape debate;
Spend $35 million in 1st quarter of '09

BYLINE: John Fritze

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 414 words


WASHINGTON -- The largest medical insurers and drug companies spent 41% more on
lobbying this year as Congress began debate on an overhaul of health care, which
may include a public insurance plan the industries oppose.

Despite an overall decline in lobbyist spending this year, a USA TODAY review of
disclosure reports found 20 of the largest health insurance and drug companies
and their trade groups spent nearly $35 million in the first quarter of 2009, up
more than $10 million from the same period last year.

Drug and insurance companies support many changes Congress is considering but
generally oppose government-run insurance, which President Obama touted Thursday
in Green Bay, Wis. Public insurance is facing criticism from business groups and
the American Medical Association, which will host Obama on Monday in Chicago.

Ken Johnson, senior vice president with the trade group Pharmaceutical Research
and Manufacturers of America, said public insurance would stifle competition and
force Americans to lose private coverage. He said his group is pushing for other
changes instead.

"The overwhelming amount of money we have spent is in support of comprehensive
health care reform," said Johnson, whose group spent $6.9 million in 2009, up
91% from 2008. "There are certainly aspects ... troubling to us, including the
public option."

Pfizer's lobbying more than doubled to $6.1 million, and Merck's increased 44%
to $1.5 million.

"We believe that the private health care marketplace fosters competition,
innovation and consumer choice," read a Merck statement. A Pfizer statement
read, "We are committed to making our voice heard and to be constructively
engaged" in the debate.

Richard Kirsch of Health Care for America Now, a coalition of unions and
non-profits supporting public insurance, said he is "extraordinarily worried"
about the lobbying by those opposed to a public plan. "The other side is going
to be outspending us inside the Beltway," he said.

Outside Washington, an alliance of groups that support public insurance,
including Kirsch's, vowed to spend $82 million on community organizing and
advertising this year. Some have spent more on lobbying, too. The Service
Employees International Union, for instance, increased spending 46% to $690,131,
lobbying reports show.

All health sectors spent $149 million on lobbying this year, a 10% jump,
according to CQ MoneyLine, a non-partisan website. Overall spending on lobbying
is down 2.6% this year, according to the site.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Julie Snider, USA TODAY, Source: USA TODAY analysis of
Secretary of Senate lobbying disclosure reports (Bar graph)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 16, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

A Big Spender in Albany: It's Blue Cross, the Lobbyist

BYLINE: By STEVEN LEE MYERS,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 845 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 15


Empire Blue Cross and Blue Shield, facing major legislative battles amid a
fiscal crisis that led it to warn it would shut down, spent more than all but
one other organization last year to lobby lawmakers in the State Capitol.

The company, New York State's largest insurer, spent $511,576 on lobbying as the
State Legislature enacted major changes in the way health insurance rates are
set in New York and approved a plan to infuse the company with $100 million to
reduce the severest impacts of a rate increase.

Empire's lobbying expenses were disclosed today in the annual report by the
Temporary State Commission on Lobbying, which showed that the amount of money
spent by unions, trade groups and municipalities on wooing legislators in Albany
reached a record of $34.8 million in 1992, a 13.7 percent increase over 1991.

Only the statewide teachers union, New York State United Teachers, spent more on
lobbying -- $514,444 -- than Empire, a nonprofit company that receives tax
breaks and other advantages from the state.

Nothing prohibits an organization or private company, even those that receive
benefits, from lobbying lawmakers in the Capitol.

An Empire spokesman, John F. Kelly, defended the company's extensive lobbying
efforts, saying the expense ultimately benefited its customers by assuring wider
access to health insurance and cheaper premiums.

'A Legitimate Question'

But others, including public advocacy groups, questioned the propriety of
spending money to lobby while the company was raising rates and receiving the
infusion of funds from the state.

"Should a company getting money from the government use that money to try to get
more money from the government?" said Julian Palmer, the executive director of
New York State Common Cause. "That's a legitimate question."

It is impossible to gauge precisely what benefits, if any, Empire gained through
its lobbying expenses, but the company's emergence in the top ranks of lobbyists
came as sweeping changes in the state's insurance laws prompted one of the most
intense debates of last year's legislative session, as well as one of the most
intense lobbying campaigns by organizations on both sides.

The measure, adopted by the Legislature last July, bars private insurance
companies from discriminating against the elderly or the ailing in setting
rates, forcing them to accept all applicants, regardless of their medical
condition, and to set rates without regard to age, sex or risk of illness, as
Empire had done for years. The measure takes effect on April 1.

Officials at Empire had long argued that the company suffered a competitive
disadvantage because private companies wooed away their younger, healthier
customers, who normally have lower medical costs.

'Reams and Reams'

Mr. Kelly said Empire spent about $325,000 of the $511,576 total to print and
mail more than 500,000 postcards to its customers, who then sent many of those
cards to their legislators in Albany. They also bombarded the lawmakers
themselves with their arguments.

"Many organizations were out there opposing this," Mr. Kelly said. "We had to
inundate legislators and their staffs with reams and reams of papers explaining
our position."

The fight also prompted the Health Insurance Association of America, a trade
group in Washington, to join the top ranks of lobbying clients in the state for
the first time. The association, which opposed the law because it restricts
private insurance companies, spent $283,394, according to the commission.

In addition to the money it spent on the insurance laws, Empire spent $183,241
to hire Hinman, Straub, Pigors & Manning, one of the largest and most
influential lobbying firms in Albany, to help sway lawmakers during the long,
politically charged debate over rate increases.

In the first week of January, after months of tense negotiations and dire
warnings by Empire that it would collapse, Gov. Mario M. Cuomo and the
Legislature agreed to provide the company with the infusion of cash to settle a
lawsuit filed against the state by the company and to avert rate increases as
high as 60 percent for its 1.4 million customers.

"There's a public good that came out of this," Mr. Kelly said of Empire's
lobbying expenses.

The commission on lobbying was formed in 1978 to try to bring public scrutiny to
lobbyists and their clients. Since it began issuing its annual reports, the
amount of money spent on lobbying -- in fees and expense reimbursments -- has
risen more than 500 percent, to this year's high of $34.8 million.

"This is the tab for getting the message across to decision makers," the
commission's chairman, Bartley F. Livolsi, said today.

In 1992, he said, the largest share came from business and industry interests,
followed by health-care and insurance interests. The largest individual clients
included the City of New York, which spent $456,302; the Hospital Association of
New York State, which spent $405,833, and the Civil Service Employees
Association Inc. and Political Action Fund, which spent $368,960.


LOAD-DATE: March 16, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "Politics: Looking for Influence in New York" shows the biggest
spenders by amount spent lobbying in 1992:

New York State United Teachers -- $514,444
Empire Blue Cross and Blue Shield -- $511,576
City of New York -- $456,302
Hospital Association of New York -- $405,833
Civil Service Employees Association and Political Action Fund -- $368,960
Conference of Mayors and Other Municipal Officials -- $361,925
State School Boards Association -- $350,734
New York State Public Employee Association -- $293,646
Health Insurance Association of America -- $283,394
New York Bankers Association -- $282,767

The graph also tracks the total annual amount spent lobbying since 1980.
(Source: N.Y. Commission on Lobbying) (pg. B4)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              42 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

The Complexities of Lobbying: Toward a Deeper Understanding of the Profession

LENGTH: 367  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: American Political Science Association, The State of united
state has issued the following news release:

   he latest virtual issue of PS features articles written by alumni of the
Congressional Fellowship Program (CFP) from 2010 to 2015. The CFP fellows serve
yearlong placements in congressional and executive offices, and they chronicle
their firsthand experiences in the pages of PS. Enjoy the full virtual issue
here.


<h3>
 The Complexities of Lobbying: Toward a Deeper Understanding of the
Profession</h3>

 Lee Drutman, University of California, Berkeley
 "One of the ongoing challenges for interest group scholars has been to explain
exactly how lobbying works. What is it that lobbyists actually do? What are
their sources of influence? While a few landmark surveys of lobbying activity
(Scholzman and Tierney 1986; Heinz et al. 1993) have shown lobbying to be a
remarkably variegated phenomenon--with lobbyists employing a wide range of
tactics and strategies, all with less than predictable rates of success--the
literature on interest groups has tended toward a parsimonious theory of
lobbying. Numerous scholars have attempted to distill lobbying to primarily one
concept: for example, a transactional marketplace where votes are traded for
electoral support, a process of working with allies, or an information
transmission process. This article argues that it is not so easy to boil
lobbying down to just one thing.
 The analysis presented here is based on my personal experience as a 2009-10
APSA Congressional Fellow. In December 2009, I joined the banking and housing
team of a Democratic Senate office. The dominant issue during my time on the
team was financial regulation reform--what would eventually become the
Dodd-Frank bill. When I first arrived, Senator Christopher Dodd (D-CT), the
then-chairman of the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, had
recently issued his discussion draft. Within a week of my arrival, the House had
passed its version of the bill (H.R. 4173), and all attention shifted to the
Senate, with a date uncertain for passage."




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

The Complexities of Lobbying: Toward a Deeper Understanding of the Profession

LENGTH: 367  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: American Political Science Association, The State of united
state has issued the following news release:

   he latest virtual issue of PS features articles written by alumni of the
Congressional Fellowship Program (CFP) from 2010 to 2015. The CFP fellows serve
yearlong placements in congressional and executive offices, and they chronicle
their firsthand experiences in the pages of PS. Enjoy the full virtual issue
here.


<h3>
 The Complexities of Lobbying: Toward a Deeper Understanding of the
Profession</h3>

 Lee Drutman, University of California, Berkeley
 "One of the ongoing challenges for interest group scholars has been to explain
exactly how lobbying works. What is it that lobbyists actually do? What are
their sources of influence? While a few landmark surveys of lobbying activity
(Scholzman and Tierney 1986; Heinz et al. 1993) have shown lobbying to be a
remarkably variegated phenomenon--with lobbyists employing a wide range of
tactics and strategies, all with less than predictable rates of success--the
literature on interest groups has tended toward a parsimonious theory of
lobbying. Numerous scholars have attempted to distill lobbying to primarily one
concept: for example, a transactional marketplace where votes are traded for
electoral support, a process of working with allies, or an information
transmission process. This article argues that it is not so easy to boil
lobbying down to just one thing.
 The analysis presented here is based on my personal experience as a 2009-10
APSA Congressional Fellow. In December 2009, I joined the banking and housing
team of a Democratic Senate office. The dominant issue during my time on the
team was financial regulation reform--what would eventually become the
Dodd-Frank bill. When I first arrived, Senator Christopher Dodd (D-CT), the
then-chairman of the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, had
recently issued his discussion draft. Within a week of my arrival, the House had
passed its version of the bill (H.R. 4173), and all attention shifted to the
Senate, with a date uncertain for passage."




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 31, 1993, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Influential Lobbyist as Adviser: A Tale of Did He or Didn't He?

BYLINE: By DEAN BAQUET

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 410 words


Files at the New York State Commission on Lobbying outline the story of one of
the most pitched lobbying campaigns that Albany has seen in years: Empire Blue
Cross and Blue Shield's epic struggle to change state law to eliminate what it
viewed as unfair competition from rich commercial insurers.

"That was a war," said Empire's chairman, Albert Cardone.

But if Empire was engaged in a war, its filing with the state's lobbying agency
left out a decorated general: Norman Adler, one of the most successful lobbyists
in Albany.

Mr. Adler said his work for Empire was not disclosed because he acted as an
adviser, rather than as a lobbyist. And he said he did not work directly for the
insurance company, but instead was a subcontractor to its long-time lobbying
firm, Hinman Straub Pigors & Manning.

Yet the selection of Mr. Adler, one of the most influential behind-the-scenes
figures in the state capital, illustrates how Empire has become a deft player in
Albany.

'Works for Many Legislators'

Mr. Adler is a paid consultant to some of the most powerful members of the
Legislature, including including State Senator Guy J. Velella, chairman of the
Senate Insurance Committee, which holds sway over Empire.

"He works for many legislators," said Mr. Velella, a Bronx Republican. "And I'm
sure he does work for people on the Assembly Insurance Committee as well."

Mr. Adler advised Empire on a key component of its lobbying effort -- the
$325,000 campaign to flood Albany with 500,000 postcards from Empire
subscribers.

Mr. Adler said he did not believe that Hinman Straub hired him because of his
political connections, though he added, "Who knows what's in somebody's mind."

"Norman Adler, as you well know, is a major player up in Albany," said Eugene
Price, acting executive director and counsel to the Commission on Lobbying. "We
had heard he was involved, but we've seen no evidence that he actually lobbied."

Empire executives pointed out that the commercial companies, a strong lobbying
force in their own right, banded together in opposition to the legislation and
spent more than $1 million. "The traditional fight between the Blues and the
commercials is endless," Mr. Adler said.

In the end, Empire got what it wanted: a law that will force commercial insurers
that write policies for individuals or small groups to offer coverage to all
people and end their practice of limiting policies to younger, healthier
customers.


LOAD-DATE: March 31, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "Lobbying: Working The Phones" tracks annual spending on
lobbying by Empire Blue Cross and Blue Shield since 1988. (Source: New York
State Temporary Commission on Lobbying)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              45 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 December 3, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Votes in Congress

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 56;  Column 3;  National Desk

LENGTH: 398 words


Tally Last Week in Connecticut, New Jersey and New York

House
1. Lobbying: Vote on an amendment to a lobbying reform bill intended to prohibit
efforts by the executive branch to mobilize public support for legislation.
Rejected 238 to 190, Nov. 28.

2. Lobbying: Vote on an amendment to a lobbying reform bill that would have
required lobbyists to report any fees or honoraria they pay members of the
media. Rejected 233 to 193, Nov. 28. (On Nov. 29 by a vote of 421 to 0, the
House passed a major lobbying reform bill that requires lobbyists to disclose
their clients, their issues and their spending.)

3. Spending: Vote to send back to a House-Senate conference committee a bill
appropriating $61.3 billion for veterans, housing, environmental and other
programs. Approved 216 to 208, Nov. 29.


Connecticut
 1. Kennelly (D) . . .
 2. Gejdenson (D) . . .
 3. DeLauro (D) . . .
 4. Shays (R) . . .
 5. Franks (R) . . .
 6. Johnson (R) . . .
New Jersey
 1. Andrews (D) . . .
 2. LoBiondo (R) . . .
 3. Saxton (R) . . .
 4. Smith (R) . . .
 5. Roukema (R) . . .
 6. Pallone (D) . . .
 7. Franks (R) . . .
 8. Martini (R) . . .
 9. Torricelli (D) . . .
10. Payne (D) . . .

11. Frelinghuysen (R) . . .
12. Zimmer (R) . . .
13. Menendez (D) . . .
New York
 1. Forbes (R) . . .
 2. Lazio (R) . . .
 3. King (R) . . .
 4. Frisa (R) . . .
 5. Ackerman (D) . . .
 6. Flake (D) . . .  A
 7. Manton (D) . . .
 8. Nadler (D) . . .
 9. Schumer (D) . . .
10. Towns (D) . . .  A
11. Owens (D) . . .
12. Velazquez (D) . . .
13. Molinari (D) . . .
14. Maloney (D) . . .

15. Rangel (D) . . .
16. Serrano (D) . . .
17. Engel (D) . . .
18. Lowey (D) . . .
19. Kelly (R) . . .
20. Gilman (R) . . .
21. McNulty (D) . . .
22. Solomon (R) . . .
23. Boehlert (R) . . .
24. McHugh (R) . . .
25. Walsh (R) . . .
26. Hinchey (D) . . .
27. Paxon (R) . . .
28. Slaughter (D) . . .
29. LaFalce (D) . . .
30. Quinn (R) . . .
31. Houghton (R) . . .

KEY: Yea; Nay; (A) Absent or did not vote; (P) Present.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: List

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              46 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            April 29, 2006 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Vacco is cleared in probe of lobbying firm

BYLINE: By Tom Precious - NEWS ALBANY BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 547 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


Former State Attorney General Dennis Vacco, now a lobbyist at the Capitol, has
been cleared by Albany prosecutors of allegations by state lobbying regulators
that his firm violated provisions against success-fee contracts.

At issue was whether Vacco's firm, Crane & Vacco LLC, had a contingency fee
contract -- illegal under the state's lobbying law -- to help a Rochester
businessman win a casino deal with an Oklahoma tribe.

Albany County District Attorney David Soares said his office spent the past six
months going over records as part of an investigation that also included a
six-hour interview with Vacco.

"The results of our investigation showed that no executed success-fee contract
existed, no payments were made pursuant to the contract, no legislation
connected to the contract was ever introduced into the Legislature, the contract
itself does not specifically provide for lobbying, and no clear understanding
existed between the parties that lobbying -- as defined in the lobbying statute
-- would occur," Soares said Friday.

Soares said the probe also found no evidence the firm filed false documents with
the state Lobbying Commission about the lobbying deal.

Without admitting any wrongdoing, Vacco's firm in October agreed to pay the
state $50,000 to end a probe involving whether it agreed to take on lobbying
work for which it would be paid $5.5 million if the Seneca-Cayuga Tribe of
Oklahoma was awarded casino deals in the Catskills and Finger Lakes regions.
Thomas Wilmot, the Rochester businessman, was working with the tribe at the time
he was represented by Vacco's firm.

David Grandeau, head of the state lobbying commission, last fall accused Vacco's
firm of violating the contingency fee provisions. On Friday, Grandeau indicated
the matter is not closed. He said Vacco's firm failed to pay the $50,000
settlement it agreed to last October. Grandeau went out of his way to note that
his agency's work, unlike the prosecutor's probe, is done in public. "The
district attorney has his job to do and those of us at the Lobbying Commission
have our job to do and they're not the same job," Grandeau said. "The
commission's policy is not to comment on a pending investigation, so I cannot
have any further comment at this time."

Vacco's firm was paid $15,000 a month to lobby for Wilmot. The $5.5 million fee
became public during litigation that later ensued between Vacco's firm and
Wilmot, a suit that was later dropped.

Lawyers for Vacco have said the work he did for Wilmot was not lobbying because
the representation did not legally qualify as lobbying under state law at the
time because it was not trying to influence legislation. The lobbying law has
since changed to include work to influence contracts.

Vacco's work, his lawyers said, was limited to trying to affect a proposed
compact in discussions with Gov. George E. Pataki's office -- which does not
meet the definition of lobbying. Further, they said the contract under review
was never signed by Vacco's firm and, as such, was not valid.

William Dreyer, an Albany lawyer representing Vacco, said the former attorney
general from Erie County is "gratified" that the Albany County district attorney
took "the time to go through everything and consider all of our arguments."

e-mail: tprecious@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dennis Vacco

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News


                              47 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 24, 2004 Monday

SILVER TARNISHED IN CAR-RENT SCANDAL

BYLINE: FREDRIC U. DICKER State Editor

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 678 words


ALBANY - Car-rental giant Avis repeatedly gave Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver
special discounts while it was lobbying the Legislature to change industry laws,
The Post has learned.

Secret testimony and records provided by a top Avis official to the State
Lobbying Commission show that Avis - which brags, "We try harder" - also gave
special discounts to other key lawmakers, their aides and spouses.

Robert Muhs, Avis' director of governmental affairs, told the commission that
Silver and the others were given discounts not generally available so they would
remember that "Avis assisted them."

At the time, Avis and other rental-car companies were spending big bucks
lobbying the Legislature to shift responsibility for auto-collision damage
insurance from themselves to the renters.

The law passed in 2002.

The records obtained by The Post were gathered as part of a lobbying-commission
investigation in 2002, which resulted in a $15,000 fine against Avis for failing
to fully disclose its lobbying costs.

The special discounts - worth at least $340 in Silver's case - were granted at
the direction of Avis' lobbyists at the Capitol, including Patricia Lynch, once
a top Silver aide, the testimony shows.

Lawmakers are prohibited from accepting gifts worth more than $75 and companies
are not allowed to make such gifts.

Avis discounts also went to Assembly Majority Leader Paul Tokasz (D-Buffalo),
Ways and Means Committee Chairman Herman "Denny" Farrell and Keith Wright (both
Manhattan Democrats) as well as Sens. Michael Balboni and Charles Fuschillo,
Nassau Republicans, the records show.

In Miami, the rental agency provided a discounted car to Silver's then-powerful
chief counsel, Michael Boxley, who pleaded guilty to sexual assault late last
year.

Silver came under fire earlier this year after The Post disclosed he had
accepted a discounted Las Vegas hotel suite from a company seeking to do
business in New York.

In the car-rental case, the records show:

* Silver received 30 percent discounts and automatic car "upgrades" six times
between December 2000 and February 2002.

* Tokasz, Silver's top aide, got discounts in San Francisco and Denver.

* Farrell, chairman of both the state and Manhattan Democratic Committees, got a
discounted Cadillac in Fort Lauderdale.

* Wright, then-chairman of the Black and Puerto Rican Legislative Caucus,
received three discounted Avis vehicles for use around Manhattan for up to a
week.

* Balboni, a possible 2006 GOP candidate for attorney general, drove more than
8,000 miles over 15 days in 1999 and was charged only $469.37.

He also drove a rental car to and from Florida, in November 2001, after telling
a company official he didn't want to fly in the wake of the 9/11 attacks.

Balboni was charged $350 for the two weeks.

* Lisa Wright, wife of Sen. James Wright (R-Watertown,) was also given a
discount.

Silver and a spokesman for the Assembly's Democrats did not return repeated
calls yesterday.

A spokesman for the GOP-controlled Senate, said in the cases of Balboni and
Fuschillo, "a request was made for rentals, they were provided, and they paid
whatever the rate was at the time."

The Post got the records after they were subpoenaed by lawyers for former state
Labor Commissioner James McGowan, who's on trial for allegedly steering
driver-education funds to a friend's companies. A witness against McGowan is
former Avis lobbyist Ronald Harnisch.

----

Road log

* Company name: Avis

* Description: The world's second-largest car rental company

* Official slogan: "We try harder."

* Current lobbyists: Patricia Lynch, $5,000 a month, Alfonse D'Amato, $5,000 a
month

* Rental charges to Speaker Sheldon Silver:

Dec. 19-21, 2000: Miami/Ft.Lauderdale: $119.81

Feb. 19-22, 2001: Buffalo/Rochester: $130.13

July 3-4, 2001: Los Angeles: $68.82

Nov. 13-14, 2001: Rochester/Albany: $48.14

Dec. 31, 2001-Jan. 2, 2002: Miami Beach, $89.60

Feb. 18-21, 2002: Ft. Lauderdale, $133.93

* Avis official testified under oath in 2002 that Silver received a special 30
percent discount, plus vehicle upgrades worth $5 per day.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver  [Alan Solomon]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            August 25, 2005 Thursday

Lobbying Commission Probes Possibility Pirro Reimbursed Company Retroactively
for Ticket

BYLINE: By BRIAN McGUIRE, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 473 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


The state lobbying commission is looking into the possibility that U.S. Senate
candidate Jeanine Pirro reimbursed a pharmaceuticals company retroactively for a
ticket to a social event during last year's Republican National Convention, only
after learning that the admission fee might qualify as an illegal gift under the
state's lobbying statute.

The lobbying commission does not confirm or deny its investigations, which focus
on lobbying groups rather than politicians. But commission officials released
materials yesterday, connected to a Manhattan social event in honor of the wife
of Governor Pataki, that raise questions about the legality of payments by two
people who attended the event, including Mrs. Pirro.

State lobbying law forbids the acceptance from lobbyists of gifts valued at more
than $75, unless recipients pay for them in advance or agree in advance to pay
for them later. Mr. Pataki's wife, Libby, paid for the Aug. 30 tea ahead of
time, out of her husband's campaign fund. Mrs. Pirro paid for the event, which
was valued by organizers at $350, nearly two months later.

At issue is whether Mrs. Pirro, who is regarded by many as the Republican
front-runner to challenge Mrs. Clinton's re-election bid next year, paid for the
event after learning that its sponsor, the pharmaceuticals maker Astra Zeneca,
was being investigated by the lobbying commission. Because the ticket was
repaid, it may not qualify as a gift. If Mrs. Pirro accepted without intending
to repay, however, the acceptance could qualify as a misdemeanor.

"If there isn't agreement to pay, it's a violation of the Lobbying Act and a
misdemeanor," the lobbying commissioner, David Grandeau, said.

According to a letter sent to the lobbying commission by lawyers for the Friends
of Pataki campaign committee, seven individuals covered by the Lobbying Act paid
for the event in advance: Mrs. Pataki; her daughter Emily; the lieutenant
governor, Mary Donohue; the state's health commissioner, Antonia Novello; Mr.
Pataki's mother, Margaret; the state's banking superintend ent, Diana Taylor,
and an employee of the state university, Karen King.

Two individuals covered by the act paid after the Manhattan event: the sister,
Mary Cahill, of the governor's secretary, John Cahill, who sent a check in
November, and Mrs. Pirro, whose Friends of Jeanine Pirro campaign committee sent
a check October 26.

A spokesman for Mrs. Pirro did not return a call seeking comment on the
circumstances surrounding the payment.

Mrs. Pirro, who is district attorney of Westchester, announced earlier this
month that she will seek the Republican nomination to challenge Mrs. Clinton.
Other Republicans looking to challenge the former first lady include a Manhattan
lawyer, Edward Cox, who is married to President Nixon's daughter, Tricia, and a
former mayor of Yonkers, John Spencer.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 16, 1999, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Spending by Insurers Pushes Albany Lobbying to Record

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 716 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 15


An unsuccessful bid by life insurance companies to loosen regulations on their
industry helped to push spending on lobbying in the Statehouse to another record
last year, according to a report issued today.

Over all, expenditures by lobbying clients increased by 7 percent last year over
1997, to $55 million, the report by the Temporary State Commission on Lobbying
said.

The New York Life Insurance Company, in what was believed to be a record for a
lobbying campaign in Albany, poured more than $1.8 million into its effort to
change state regulations that restrict the ability of some life insurance
companies from selling off a partial ownership stake to stockholders.

The Metropolitan Life Insurance Company came in fourth in the commission's
rankings, spending more than $600,000.

Neither of the insurers was in the top 10 in lobbying expenditures in 1997, the
commission's records showed.

The two insurance companies, as well as some smaller rivals and an industry
trade group, were lobbying last year in support of insurance legislation
proposed by Gov. George E. Pataki. The bill died after opposition by the
Democratic majority in the State Assembly, which contended that it would allow
the life insurance companies to sell stock without adequately compensating
insurance policyholders.

Bill Werfelman, a vice president at New York Life, said a sizable part of its
lobbying expenses went for advocacy advertisements intended to muster public
support for the legislation.

"It's safe to assume that this was a special circumstance for New York Life,"
Mr. Werfelman said, noting that the company was no longer pursuing the
legislation and expected its lobbying expenses to plummet this year.

Besides the spurt in spending by the life insurance industry, the report by the
commission showed that health care groups, trade associations, labor unions and
banks continued to dominate spending on lobbying, which has generally risen at
more than the rate of inflation over the last two decades.

The figures without a doubt underestimated the efforts to influence the state
government, largely because the definition of what constitutes lobbying is hazy.
Some clients choose to report rigorously any spending relating to the state
government, including money allocated for items that might also be considered
public relations or legal work. Others hew to a less strict definition.
Moreover, under the law, clients do not have to report expenditures for lobbying
on state contracts.

And the report today did not mention the other weapon in the arsenal of interest
groups: campaign contributions. For example, the state teachers' union, which
perennially is in the top five in lobbying expenditures, has given roughly
$300,000 a year since 1995 to the campaign committees run by the legislative
leaders. That is on top of an annual average of $650,000 that the union has
spent on lobbying, state records showed.

As in 1997, the top two lobbying firms were Wilson, Elser, Moskowitz, Edelman &
Dicker, whose chief lobbyist is Kenneth Shapiro, a former senior aide to the
Assembly Democrats, and Davidoff & Malito, whose activities in Albany are led by
Robert Malito, who has close ties to the Republican majority in the State
Senate.

Both firms are also major campaign contributors.

The biggest increase in business was reported by Albert J. Pirro Jr., whose
lobbying fees rose 53 percent, to more than $550,000. Mr. Pirro, the husband of
Jeanine F. Pirro, the Westchester County District Attorney, was indicted last
month on Federal tax charges. He has pleaded not guilty.

As lobbying commission members released the report, they once again requested
that the Legislature tighten the state's lobbying rules, a call that was echoed
by a coalition of advocacy groups.

The law authorizing the commission expires this year, but lawmakers have
repeatedly rebuffed proposals to give the commission permanent status and more
enforcement power, and to require lobbyists to disclose more information about
their activities.

"We ask our state leaders to act favorably upon our legislative proposals," said
the panel's chairman, Bartley F. Livolsi, "so that the commission can cross the
bridge into the next millennium equipped and prepared to monitor 21st-century
lobbying."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              50 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 20, 2007 Tuesday

NEW HIGH IN PAY-TO-SWAY - $151M IN LOBBY COSTS

BYLINE: KENNETH LOVETT Post Correspondent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 435 words


ALBANY - Special-interest groups spent a record $151 million on lobbying in the
Capitol last year - with the health-care industry leading the way at $22.3
million, according to a report released yesterday.

No single group spent more on lobbying last year to fight proposed budget cuts
by then-Gov. George Pataki than the Hospital Association of New York State,
which the state Lobbying Commission's report said spent $2.2 million, half of
which went toward a statewide radio and newspaper ad campaign.

The state Medical Society kicked in $1.5 million on lobbying last year, and the
Greater New York Hospital Association $1.2 million, ranking them fifth and
seventh highest.

This year, the health-care industry is on pace to spend more than $25 million to
fight Gov. Spitzer's $1.2 billion in proposed health-care cuts.

The Yankees, Nets owner Bruce Ratner and the city teachers union also were among
the top 10 big spenders on lobbying in New York last year, according to the
commission's report.

Forest City Ratner Companies, a commercial real-estate development company that
is pushing for a Brooklyn stadium for the Nets, ranked third in lobbying
expenses last year, having spent $2.1 million, according to the report.

The company, run by developer Bruce Ratner, signed the priciest single lobbying
contract - $656,520 with Fried Frank Harris Shriver & Jacobson.

The Yankees spent the eighth-highest total on lobbying - $1.12 million.

The teachers union, meanwhile, ranked 10th in lobbying spending last year at
$890,181.

Total lobbying in New York jumped to a record $151 million, up slightly from
$149 million in 2005.

The top lobbying firm was Wilson Elser Moskowitz Edelman & Dicker, which was
paid $7.9 million last year - up nearly $1 million from 2005 - by a total of 99
clients.

The firm, founded by Patricia Lynch, a former top aide to Assembly Speaker
Sheldon Silver, had a state-high 130 clients, and raked in $5.1 million, to be
third highest.

Al D'Amato's firm, Park Strategies, is the second fastest-growing lobbying firm
in the state, with its income jumping by 72.1 percent in 2006, the lobbying
report found.

---

Top 10

Biggest spenders on lobbying in Albany

1. Hospital Association of New York State $2.22M

2. Verizon $2.15M

3. Forest City Ratner Companies $2.10M

4. New York State United Teachers $1.69M

5. Medical Society of the State of New York $1.52M

6. Public Employees Federation $1.29M

7. Greater New York Hospital Association $1.21M

8. New York Yankees Partnership $1.12M

9. Civil Service Employees Association $985,148

10. United Federation of Teachers $890,18

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 15, 1997, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Criticism of Lobbying Is False Issue, Mayor Says

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section 1; Page 27; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 971 words


Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani angrily sought to quell criticism of his
administration's dealings with lobbyists yesterday, even as two of his most
prominent advisers promised that they would temporarily cease lobbying city
agencies.

The Mayor maintained that the attacks over his ties to the advisers, Raymond B.
Harding and Herman Badillo, were a "false issue" created by reporters, saying
that the two men and administration officials had always heeded both the letter
and the spirit of the city's lobbying laws. Mr. Giuliani made his remarks at a
tense news conference that ended abruptly when he refused to answer more
questions and walked out.

"To create the impression that there is something unlawful and unethical here is
shameful," Mr. Giuliani said. "It also hurts public perception of government.
And this has been done according to every rule, every regulation. This city has
never had an administration that bends over as much as we do to follow every
ethical norm that there is."

On Thursday, Mr. Giuliani announced that he wanted to prohibit all lobbying of
the city's executive branch. Asked yesterday whether he had offered the proposal
to blunt the uproar over Mr. Harding and Mr. Badillo, the Mayor said he had
always been against lobbying.

"Lobbying is not necessary for this administration," he said. "There is no
reason to do it. You do not get an edge. You do not get an advantage. You can
contact us directly."

Soon after Mr. Giuliani spoke, Mr. Harding and Mr. Badillo announced their own
effort to end a controversy that Democrats have tried to use to portray the
administration as beholden to well-connected lobbyists.

The two men, who serve as unpaid advisers to the Mayor but wield great influence
in his administration, said they would temporarily stop lobbying all branches of
the municipal government until Mr. Giuliani officially presents the lobbying
legislation that he proposed on Thursday.

"I have done everything possible to demonstrate sensitivity and adherence to the
current law," Mr. Harding said in a statement.

Colleen Roche, a spokeswoman for Mr. Giuliani, said that Mr. Harding and Mr.
Badillo had decided to halt their lobbying on their own. "There was no pressure
from the administration," Ms. Roche said.

Other lawyers at the law firm where the two advisers are senior partners will
continue to lobby city agencies, so Mr. Harding and Mr. Badillo will still
derive some financial benefit from lobbying activities.

Last Sunday, The New York Times reported that the law firm, Fischbein Badillo
Wagner Harding, had rapidly gained lobbying clients in the three years since Mr.
Giuliani took office. In 1993, the firm had 3 lobbying clients; it now has
nearly 60.

Mr. Harding said in an interview last week that people hired his firm because of
its lawyers' talents, not its political ties. But some clients said they
retained the firm precisely for its connections.

In 1995, the last time records were compiled, Fischbein Badillo earned $352,273,
making it the tenth most successful lobbying firm in the city. The top firm was
Davidoff & Malito, which took in $927,249, followed by Martin J. McLaughlin at
$658,500.

Last year, Fischbein Badillo said it earned $366,849 in lobbying fees.

The Mayor's critics have said that it is inappropriate for Mr. Harding and Mr.
Badillo to lobby city agencies that the Mayor controls while continuing to
advise him.

Mr. Harding is leader of the state Liberal Party, and obtaining the Liberal line
helped Mr. Giuliani win in 1993. Political analysts say it is very difficult for
a Republican like Mr. Giuliani to win without the Liberal line in an
overwhelmingly Democratic city like New York.

Speaking on his weekly radio show earlier yesterday, the Mayor also sought to
deflect some of the criticism by asking why lobbying of the
Democratic-controlled City Council had not received much scrutiny. He said that
80 percent to 90 percent of the lobbying of the municipal government involved
the Council.

But officials in the City Clerk's office, which compiles information on lobbying
in the city, sharply disputed that assertion. The officials, as well as several
lobbyists, pointed out that the City Clerk keeps no data on which parts of the
government are lobbied most. But they estimated that about 60 percent of the
lobbying was of the administration, with the remainder divided among the
Council, the borough presidents, community boards and other branches.

The Council, which would have to approve any changes in the city's lobbying law,
has reacted coolly to his call to ban lobbying of the executive branch. And
yesterday, Council leaders accused Mr. Giuliani of trying to deflect attention
from his own troubles by pointing to the lobbying of the Council.

"If the Mayor has a problem, he shouldn't start making it other people's
problems," said Michael S. Clendenin, a spokesman for the Council Speaker, Peter
F. Vallone.

Two of the Mayor's potential Democratic rivals, Fernando Ferrer, the Bronx
Borough President, and Ruth W. Messinger, the Manhattan Borough President, also
stepped up their attacks on Mr. Giuliani, demanding that Mr. Harding and Mr.
Badillo make public a full accounting of their lobbying of the administration.

Lobbying clients of Fischbein Badillo said they were not concerned that Mr.
Harding and Mr. Badillo would no longer personally lobby city agencies, since
other lawyers from the firm will continue to do so. Some said they had hired the
firm for legal work as well as lobbying.

"They are a firm of very qualified and competent lawyers, and they will continue
to do a broad range of work on legal issues for us," said Stephen H. Feinberg,
president of Adshel, which retained the firm to help it win a city contract to
build newsstands, portable toilets and bus shelters.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              52 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 11, 2015 Monday
                                Suburban Edition

Lobbyists turn attention to state level

BYLINE: Reid Wilson

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 1006 words


Lobbyists aren't having much luck on a gridlocked Capitol Hill - so more and
more, they're opening their wallets in state capitols across the country. Not
keeping pace with the surge, say watchdog groups, are the disclosure laws that
are supposed to keep the influence industry in check.

Battles in legislatures involving rival energy companies; powerful medical
interests such as doctors, hospitals and insurers; and even environmentalists
and plastic-bag manufacturers have fueled huge growth in lobbying dollars at the
state level as spending has plateaued - and even waned - at the federal level.

A review of available data shows that lobbyists reported spending at least $2.2
billion on activity aimed at influencing legislators in 28 states during the
2013-2014 biennium - with virtually every state seeing dramatic growth over the
past decade.

At the same time, total spending on federal lobbying activities has fallen.
After hitting a peak in 2010, when advocacy groups reported spending $3.52
billion on lobbying, that number dropped to $3.24 billion in 2014, according to
data maintained by the Center for Responsive Politics.

"When nothing's happening in Washington, D.C., it's happening in the states,"
said Frank McNulty, a Republican former speaker of the Colorado House who
retired from office this year.

The $2.2 billion figure for the past two years vastly underestimates the total
spent. Disclosure rules and data-collection practices vary widely by state,
meaning lobbying totals from 22 states, including Massachusetts, Pennsylvania
and Illinois, aren't publicly available.

But in states where data is available, the trend line soars straight up: Total
lobbying spending in California grew from $424 million in 2003-2004 to $579
million, an increase of 36 percent. In New York, spending increased over the
past decade by 65 percent, from $264 million to $436 million, according to data
maintained by the New York State Joint Commission on Public Ethics.

Lobbying spending has more than doubled over the past 10 years in North
Carolina, New Jersey, Wisconsin, Kansas, Arizona and Ohio. Spending in at least
six states - Florida, Minnesota, Washington, New Jersey, New York and California
- topped $100 million between 2013 and 2014. Lobbying spending topped $50
million in Wisconsin, Michigan, Colorado and Maryland over the same period.

Even in states where data isn't available, hints about the influence industry's
rapid growth exist: In Tennessee, lobbyists spent more than $10 million on
events for state legislators in 2014, a small slice of lobbying activity that
takes place. The number of registered lobbyists in Iowa has grown from 578 a
decade ago to 708 today.

In Florida, lobbyists who seek influence with the executive branch must report
only ranges of spending. Those ranges suggest spending of $30 million to $120
million in the past two years in lobbying state agencies, on top of the $249
million spent to woo legislators.

"There is a migration right now of government relations activity from Washington
to the state and local levels," says James Hickey, a lobbyist at Day & Zimmerman
and president of the Association of Government Relations Professionals. "There's
a feeling among folks in our industry that if you can't get progress on issues
in Washington, maybe we shouldn't focus all of our time 100 percent on
Washington."

The totals also don't include an explosion in spending by outside groups on
legislative elections. Just as super PACs and organizations that operate under
Section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code have ramped up spending on
federal elections, so, too, have they begun influencing state elections.

Lobbyists and watchdogs say a confluence of events is to blame - or credit -
with the industry's growth: The recent gridlock in Washington comes at the same
time states are deciding many contentious issues.

And term-limit laws in some states have forced an unprecedented amount of
turnover in recent years, spreading legislative power and forcing lobbyists to
get to know, and influence, new faces. Big Republican gains in the 2010 and 2014
elections contributed to the turnover.

Watchdog groups say state ethics laws have not kept up with the explosion in new
spending. While most states make lobbying activity reports available online,
some do not, and even some that do don't list them by subject area or sponsor.
That means citizens in many states would not be able to find out who is lobbying
in support of or opposition to a measure without combing through thousands of
records. And even the agencies themselves are often reluctant, unwilling or not
empowered to take action against lobbyists who run afoul of state rules.

"There's almost no enforcement in the lobbyist arena. The disclosure is awful,"
said Edwin Bender, executive director of the National Institute on Money in
State Politics.

There are more than 47,000 lobbyists registered with state governments across
the country. Most are part-time advocates, active only on a single issue. Each
state usually has only a handful who account for the vast majority of major
contracts with out-of-state corporations or interest groups.

Watchdogs highlight Wisconsin as the state they say represents best practices.
Wisconsin law requires lobbyists and the organizations for which they are
lobbying to register after five conversations with lawmakers and to identify the
positions they are taking. The state has made that data available online since
1998. It is easily searched and sorted.

But few states follow Wisconsin's lead. Bender said there is wide acknowledgment
among lobbyists and the government agencies that oversee their activity that
current rules don't even require all the spending to be reported. In some cases,
some employees of lobbying firms do not have to register if other employees have
registered. A 2011 report by Bender's group found that 23 states did not require
lobbyists to report their compensation, and 15 states did not make lobbyist data
readily accessible to the public.

reid.wilson@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      March 8, 2002, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Enron spent $2.5M, not $825,000, on lobbying efforts

BYLINE: Kevin McCoy

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 391 words

Enron spent nearly three times as much money lobbying the Bush administration in
the first half of 2001 as it initially reported.

The collapsed energy-trading company spent at least $ 2.46 million on efforts to
influence energy and budget decisions and support its international ventures,
according to an amended lobbying report Enron filed with the House and Senate on
March 1.

Earlier, the company had reported spending $ 825,000 on Washington lobbying from
January through June 2001.


The company filed the amendment after a Jan. 29 analysis by the Center for
Responsive Politics, a Washington-based campaign finance watchdog group, raised
questions about the accuracy of the initial report. The analysis showed Enron
lobbyists reported receipts that far exceeded the payments disclosed by the
company.

"Given the attention focused on Enron, we felt it was important for the public
to get an accurate report on what the company spent on lobbying," says Therese
Foote, the Center's lobbying researcher.

However, a letter from an Enron lawyer suggested that the amendment might not be
the final word.

Filed with the amendment, the letter from Kenneth Gross says Enron's remaining
employees found it difficult to compile definitive lobbying data after the
firm's December filing for bankruptcy protection and mass layoffs.

"Unfortunately, virtually all the Enron employees who worked in the Washington,
D.C., office are no longer with the company," Gross wrote.

The company couldn't get anyone to sign the amendment, he added, because the
remaining employees lack "indemnity or director and officer liability coverage."


The amendment nonetheless shows Enron sought to influence the White House,
Treasury and Commerce departments and other agencies on a broad array of issues
early in the term of President Bush -- a top beneficiary of Enron campaign
contributions.

Along with decisions on federal spending and energy policy, Enron lobbied on
administration nominations to the Securities and Exchange Commission and
Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the amendment shows.

It also lobbied the Export-Import Bank and Overseas Private Investment Corp.,
federal agencies that approved loans for the controversial, $ 2.9 billion Indian
electrical power plant in which Enron was a partner.

LOAD-DATE: March 08, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              54 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                              May 3, 1998, Sunday,

REGION'S LOBBYISTS SCRAMBLE IN D.C.;
 VARIED SPECIAL INTERESTS FROM NEW ENGLAND SPEND $ 65 MILLION A YEAR, AND
TAXPAYERS $ 1 MILLION, FOR A VOICE IN WASHINGTON.

BYLINE: Bob Hohler The Boston Globe

SECTION: MAINE/NEW ENGLAND, Pg. 11B

LENGTH: 886 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Gun makers, Indian tribes and the Boston Symphony Orchestra: They are among
scores of New England special interests that spent more than $ 65 million last
year to lobby in Washington for a panoply of projects, from pet safety to animal
cloning to the priciest Pentagon weaponry.

Amid the free-for-all, New England taxpayers financed more than $ 1 million in
lobbying activities by cities, state agencies and publicly subsidized
institutions, such as the University of Massachusetts, according to an analysis
of thousands of lobbying disclosure reports in Congress.

This review documents the siege that recurs daily in the nation's capital as
thousands of lobbyists, including hundreds representing New England interests
descend on Congress, the White House, and the most obscure government agencies
to meet with officials and make their cases.

It also shows that these costly outlays are an effective, but by no means
foolproof, tool in the scramble for potentially lucrative policy decisions and
billions of dollars in federal largesse.

Special interests nationwide spent about $ 1.2 billion last year trying to
influence federal action through Washington lobbying, according to the Globe
analysis and a recent study by the Associated Press and the Center for
Responsive Politics.

The Globe review is the first comprehensive look at New England lobbying in
Washington since Congress required organizations to begin disclosing their
lobbying expenses and special interests in 1996.

The regional interests range from Friendly Ice Cream Co., spending under $
10,000 to track restaurant issues; to New Balance Athletic Shoes, paying $
42,500 to monitor trademark legislation; to the New England Anti-Vivisection
Society, whose $ 127,000 in lobbying generated $ 700,000 in federal funds to
enforce a new law mandating the humane treatment of horses headed for slaughter.

In addition to the $ 65 million spent by New England organizations, tens of
millions of dollars in lobbying activities were conducted last year by major New
England employers based outside the region and by associations with regional
interests. The Edison Electric Institute, for example, which represents
utilities such as Boston Edison, spent $ 10 million last year to lobby in
Washington.

In all, more than 100 New England organizations each spent more than $ 20,000
last year for Washington lobbying. The money is used for salaries, office
overhead, travel, research and preparation for such activities as congressional
testimony.

For many, the benefits were bountiful. Major lobbying efforts helped some of New
England's largest corporations, including Raytheon, United Technologies and
General Electric, win multimillion-dollar federal contracts. GE spent the most
on lobbying last year of any organization in the region: $ 7.2 million.

Some others, however, have little to show for their efforts. Numerous New
England organizations said they have launched their first lobbying campaigns or
beefed up their existing operations since the Republicans took control of
Congress in 1995. Notable among them is the Boston Symphony Orchestra, whose
support from the National Endowment for the Arts has plummeted.

NEA funding for the Boston Symphony has dropped from more than $ 400,000 before
the Republican takeover to $ 75,000 this year. ''It's a big hit, and it has
forced us to look around and see where there might be other possibilities,''
said John Marksbury, the symphony's director of foundation and government
support.

The symphony paid $ 40,000 last year to a Washington lobbying firm, Beacon
Consulting Group, which helped insert language in the fiscal 1998 budget that
encourages the Education Department to provide funds for the Boston Symphony's
youth concert program.

''It hasn't borne fruit yet,'' Marksbury said, ''but we're still working at it
and hoping.''

The power shift in Congress hurt many other Massachusetts interests,
particularly those that had long relied on Democratic leaders. The Massachusetts
Water Resources Authority, for example, spent $ 120,000 last year on lobbying
for additional federal aid for the Boston Harbor cleanup, which has dropped to
about $ 50 million a year from an average of $ 150 million before the GOP
takeover in 1995.

The MWRA's leading Washington lobbyist is Kirk G. O'Donnell Jr., who was counsel
to the late House Speaker Thomas P. ''Tip'' O'Neill Jr.

''Clearly, the change in Congress has meant we need to talk to a lot more people
than we did when key members of our delegation could just make a couple of phone
calls,'' said Douglas B. MacDonald, the MWRA's executive director.

The MWRA paid another lobbyist $ 80,000 last year to protect its interests
during negotiations over $ 53.5 million in federal loan guarantees to
Massachusetts Heavy Industries Inc., developer of the Quincy shipyard. MHII
bought the shipyard from the MWRA and still owes the agency about $ 7 million.

Meanwhile, some public institutions claimed victories in the scramble for
federal dollars.

The University of Massachusetts spent $ 255,000 last year - and $ 242,000 in
1996 - to lobby for continued defense funding to design and develop a highly
specialized telescope with the government of Mexico. To date, UMass has received
about $ 14 million for the project.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1998 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                              55 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Kansas City Daily Record (Kansas City, MO)

                          December 12, 2007 Wednesday

Kansas City Legal Briefs: December 12, 2007

BYLINE: The (Kansas City) Daily Record

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 712  words


State official joins law firm's lobbying group

A state economic development official who helped create the Missouri Quality
Jobs Act has taken a lobbying job at Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal.

Brian Grace, the former director of policy and legislative affairs for the state
Department of Economic Development, joins two attorneys and a managing director
recruited last year for the law firm's lobbying group.

He helped put together the jobs legislation in 2005. Under the act, the state
offers tax incentives and credits for businesses that expand or locate in
Missouri. They must pay at least their county's average salary and cover 50
percent or more of their employees' health-care premiums.

The act was critical in keeping Express Scripts Inc. in Missouri, Grace said.
The pharmacy benefits company this year opened its expanded headquarters on the
University of Missouri-St. Louis campus.

Before taking the policy director's job at the economic development department,
Grace worked on Matt Blunt's gubernatorial campaign. Prior to that, Grace worked
for a Jefferson City lobbying firm.

He joins attorneys Rodney Boyd and Kevin Gunn and associate managing director
Megan Werner in Sonnenschein's lobbying group.

Stinson Morrison Hecker adds 11 new attorneys locally

Eleven new attorneys recently joined Stinson Morrison Hecker's Kansas City
office:

Anne C. Emert joins as a business litigation associate. Anne was previously a
law clerk for Judge Julie A. Robinson in the U.S. District Court for the
District of Kansas. She earned her law degree from the University of Kansas in
2005.

Zachary H. Hemenway joins as a business litigation associate. He earned his law
degree from the University of Nebraska in 2007.

Katherine A. Jeter-Boldt joins as an associate in the real estate division. She
earned her law degree from the University of Missouri-Columbia in 2007.

Megan McCurdy joins as a business litigation associate. During law school, she
interned for Judge Fernando J. Gaitan Jr. of the U.S. District Court for the
Western District of Missouri. She earned her law degree from the University of
Missouri-Columbia in 2007.

C. David McDaniel joins the firm as an associate in the corporate finance
division. He earned his law degree from the University of Arkansas in 2007.

Tyler Milligan joins as a staff attorney in the corporate finance division.
During law school, Tyler was a law clerk for the Kansas Department of
Transportation and a legal intern for the Kansas Social & Rehabilitation
Services. He earned his law degree from the University of Kansas in 2007.

S. Selena Nelson joins the firm as an associate in the financial services
division. She earned her law degree from Washington University in 2007.

Leena D. Phadke joins as a business litigation associate. During law school,
Leena interned for Judge Carlos Murguia of the United States District Court for
the District of Kansas. She earned her law degree from the University of Kansas
in 2007.

Elizabeth A. Tassi, a registered patent attorney, joins the firm's intellectual
property & technology division. During law school, she externed for Judge Samuel
Der-Yeghiayan of the Federal District Court for the Northern District of
Illinois. She earned her law degree from Franklin Pierce Law Center in 2007.

Katie M. True joins as an associate in the bankruptcy & creditors' rights
division. She earned her law degree from the University of Iowa in 2007.

Michael P. Winkler joins as an associate in the corporate finance division.
Michael earned multiple degrees from the University of Oklahoma, including his
law degree in 2007.

McFadden-Weaver co-conspirator sentenced

A Kansas City man who pleaded guilty earlier this year to wire fraud received a
sentence of two years in federal prison.

Emanuel M. Kind, 52, was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Fernando Gaitan Jr. on
Wednesday. Kind also was ordered to pay more than $144,000 in restitution.

Kind took part in a conspiracy with former Kansas City Councilwoman Saundra
McFadden-Weaver to defraud a mortgage lender. Sentencing for McFadden-Weaver was
continued on Wednesday to Dec. 28.

A third conspirator, Ricky L. Hamilton, also has pleaded guilty to wire fraud
and awaits sentencing.

A federal jury convicted McFadden-Weaver of six individual counts of wire fraud
in August.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            October 25, 2011 Tuesday

Bosnian daily says Serb leader's lobbying in USA not successful

LENGTH: 226 words


Text of report by Bosnian privately-owned independent daily Oslobodjenje, on 22
October

[Unattributed report: "Milorad Dodik in US: He Expected To Be Treated Better"]

The Serb Republic [RS] is ranked third when it comes to government spending on
lobbying in the United States. Ahead of the RS are only the Cayman Islands and
the United Arab Emirates.

Between 2007 and 2011 the RS Government spent 13m dollars on lobbying in the
United States. One of the companies providing lobbying services to the RS
authorities is Picard Kentz and Rowe LLP. Last evening this company organized in
Washington a reception in the honour of RS President Milorad Dodik, his wife
Snjezana, and Zeljka Cvijanovic, the RS minister of economic relations and
regional cooperation. Oslobodjenje has unofficially learned that this lobbying
organization was not successful enough in arranging the meetings in Washington,
New York, and Chicago, although the preparations for the visit had begun 45 days
ago.

Although he met Congressmen Ricker and Shaheen, Dodik did not get the treatment
he had expected. He failed to meet Philip Gordon, the assistant secretary for
European and Eurasian affairs; Rick Holtzapple, the director of the National
Security Council for Economic Affairs in Europe; and Congressman Barton.

Source: Oslobodjenje, Sarajevo, in Bosnian/Croatian/Serbian 22 Oct 11 p 3

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 16, 1995, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Once Again, Record Levels Of Lobbying

BYLINE: By JAMES DAO

SECTION: Section B;  Page 8;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 535 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 15


Amid concerns about budget cuts and health care overhaul, spending on efforts to
lobby state officials reached a record of $39.1 million last year, a report
released today said.

Leading the way in lobbying expenditures were groups most affected by the state
budget -- health care providers, teachers and state workers -- the annual report
from the New York Temporary State Commission on Lobbying said.

This is the 15th consecutive year that lobbying expenses have risen. Spending to
influence the Legislature, Governor and various state agencies was up $600,000,
or 1.5 percent, from the previous year, and the figure has more than doubled
since 1988.

With deep budget cuts proposed this year by Gov. George E. Pataki, officials
with the lobbying commission said they expected lobbying expenses to grow
significantly in 1995.

"These are the most drastic budget cuts I've seen since about 1975," Milton
Mollen, a member of the commission, said of Mr. Pataki's proposed budget. "These
groups will feel extra pressure to get their message across."

Groups representing hospitals, nursing homes and other health care providers
accounted for the largest chunk of last year's total, $5.4 million, or 14
percent.

Officials in the health care industry said that spending on lobbying was up last
year largely because of concerns about cuts in Medicaid, the health care program
for the elderly and the poor, that were proposed by Gov. Mario M. Cuomo. Most of
those cuts were restored in the final budget that was approved by the
Legislature. This year, Mr. Pataki has proposed making much deeper Medicaid cuts
than Mr. Cuomo did.

For the second time in three years, New York State United Teachers, the state's
largest teachers' union, led all individual groups in lobbying expenses, at
$638,434. It was followed by the City of New York, which spent $505,058, and the
Public Employees Federation, a union of state workers, with $419,928.

The teachers' union also contributed $2 million to statewide political campaigns
in 1993 and 1994, among the most of any political action committee in the state,
said another report released today by several government watchdog groups.

"The teachers were at the head of the class in terms of being top fat cats in
Albany," said Blair Horner of the New York Public Interest Research Group, which
produced the report along with New York State Common Cause and the League of
Women Voters.

The groups called on the Legislature to approve public financing of state
political campaigns.

But a spokeswoman for the teachers' union said the group's fight to increase
state aid to schools would benefit all students. "We're not just a special
interest," said the spokeswoman, Linda Rosenblatt. "We have a common interest
with the state's 2.7 million schoolchildren."

The report by the State Temporary Commission also showed that the New York City
law firm of Wilson, Elser, Moskowitz, Edelman & Dicker was the top-earning
lobbying firm last year, making $1.9 million. The firm inherited most of its
business from the firm of Bower & Gardner, which closed last year.

Ranking second for the second straight year was Davidoff & Malito, which earned
$1.2 million in 1994.


LOAD-DATE: March 16, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC:  Top lobbyists ranked by total lobbying expenses for 1994

1. New York State United Teachers -- $638,434

2. City of New York -- $505,058

3. Public Employees Federation -- $419,928

4. Healthcare Association of New York State -- $393,721

5. New York State Conference of Mayors and Municipal Officials -- $388,017

6. Greater New York Hospital Association -- $369,366

7. New York State School Boards Association -- $366,326

8. New York State Bankers Association -- $323,341

9. Civil Service Employees Association and
   Civil Service Political Action Fund -- $309,939

10. Medical Society of the State of New York -- $283,769

Source: 1994 Client and Public Corporation Annual Reports as of February 22,
1995
Photo: "KEEPING TRACK: Clients and Public Corporations"

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              58 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 3, 2014 Monday
                                 Every Edition

Daschle leaves DLA Piper to form lobbying group at Baker Donelson

BYLINE: Catherine Ho

SECTION: Pg. A10

LENGTH: 370 words


Tom Daschle, the former senator from South Dakota, has left law firm DLA Piper
to form a lobbying subsidiary at law firm Baker Donelson.

The subsidiary, the Daschle Group, will partner with the existing lobbying
practice at Baker Donelson yet operate somewhat independently from the firm and
have its own management team, Daschle said.

Daschle expects between six and 10 of his former colleagues from DLA Piper will
be joining him in the new venture.

Baker Donelson, a full-service law firm with roots in Tennessee, has about 650
attorneys and policy advisers in 21 offices, 20 of which are in the United
States. Its lobbying practice earns between $5 million and $6 million annually,
according to lobbying records. In 2013, the group reported $5.5 million in
lobbying revenue, and its biggest client was Toshiba, which paid the firm $1.2
million in lobbying fees last year, according to the Center for Responsive
Politics. The firm also lobbies for W.R. Grace, Edison International and the
University of Kentucky.

Several law firms, including Bracewell & Guiliani and McDermott, have been
moving toward the subsidiary model for its lobbying and consulting services in
part because it allows lobbyists more flexibility in billing and career
advancement. Attorneys at most corporate law firms bill by the hour - a key
metric that typically factors into their path toward partnership - whereas
lobbyists often do not measure their productivity that way.

"I've always wanted the opportunity to start my own organization," Daschle said.
"What I see with [Baker] is an opportunity to do it in a much more independent
way and with greater managerial autonomy."

Daschle is not a registered lobbyist, but since leaving the Senate in 2005, he
has been a policy adviser at large law firms, first at Alston & Bird and most
recently at DLA Piper, advising businesses primarily on health-care issues.

Baker Donelson chairman Ben Adams said in a statement that the firm's
partnership with the Daschle Group is a "powerful combination."

"We expect that Baker Donelson's partnership with the Daschle Group will make us
the firm for bipartisan problem solving as we serve as high impact advocates for
our clients," he said.

catherine.ho@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                              June 12, 2005 Sunday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

TAX MONEY TALKS;
LOCAL GOVERNMENTS SHELL OUT BIG BUCKS TO LOBBY SACRAMENTO

BYLINE: By K. Lloyd Billingsley

SECTION: VIEWPOINT; Pg. V1

LENGTH: 1186 words


CALIFORNIANS tend to think of lobbyists as the somewhat sleazy emissaries of Big
Business, plying legislators with whatever it takes in order to get what they
want. But local governments do the same thing, often on a grander scale.

The city of Los Angeles spent $1.4 million to lobby state government during the
2003-04 legislative session, the most recent for which figures are available
from the secretary of state. By contrast, the 2003-04 lobbying output of Wells
Fargo, a huge private banking interest, was only $325,947. Unlike Wells Fargo,
however, Los Angeles is spending public money provided by taxpayers. The city
lobbies in order to get more money from Sacramento, also provided by taxpayers.

And the $1.4 million does not expose the complete lobbying tab.

Los Angeles is a member of the League of California Cities, which spent $2.1
million on lobbying in 2003-04. And even that still leaves out some heavyweight
players in the L.A. orbit.

During the same session, the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power spent a
hefty $1.1 million to lobby the state Legislature. That is slightly more than
San Diego, California's second-largest city. The Los Angeles City Attorney's
Office also ran up a lobbying bill of $149,787 for the 2003-04 legislative
session.

The standard line among local-government lobbyists is that they are a creation
of Proposition 13, the voter-approved 1978 initiative that limited property
taxes. But local governments were lobbying Sacramento long before Proposition
13.

In 1991, Assemblyman John Vasconsellos of San Jose told the California Journal
that government lobbyists are ``essential to the future well-being of the
state'' because ``we've starved the public sector.'' That would come as a
surprise to those who examine spending by education bureaucracies.

The Los Angeles Unified School District - the state's biggest and home to
boondoggles such as Belmont Learning Center - unloaded $916,898 for lobbying
during that session. That $1 million in taxpayer dollars, which will not be
spent on children in the classroom, still leaves the ledger incomplete.

The LAUSD's Personnel Commission dug into public funds for $55,000 more in
lobbying fees. Then there's the $309,753 from the Los Angeles County Office of
Education. That bureaucracy outspent Wal-Mart, the nation's biggest retailer,
which spent only $283,037 to lobby in Sacramento during 2003-04.

When Los Angeles and other cities spend to lobby, where does the money go?

As it trickles down through layers of bureaucratic sediment, a great deal winds
up in a very absorbent ``Third House'' of government, as the lobbying machine in
Sacramento is known.

Nobody votes for lobbyists, who prefer to describe themselves as ``legislative
advocates.'' The Web site of the California secretary of state includes stylish
photos of individual lobbyists, as though they were indeed elected
representatives. They aren't, though they frequently take part in writing
legislation. Might such lobbyists, who are very well paid, be usurping duties
that should be performed by elected representatives?

``There's no reason for local government to lobby legislators,'' says Republican
Assemblyman Ray Haynes. ``It's dangerous. They lobby in favor of higher taxes
and more money transferred to them and not to taxpayers. They were the strongest
advocates against repeal of the car tax.''

Those who lobby government for government are not bashful about describing
themselves as experts, without whom their clients would be helpless. They see
nothing amiss in the current system, and no need for reform. While a
representative must wait a year before lobbying the Legislature, an aide can
start immediately. Local governments are eager to give them public money.

Los Angeles County, another heavyweight, spent $2.2 million on general lobbying
in Sacramento during the 2003-2004 legislative session. But as with the city,
L.A. County's more than $2 million for lobbying fails to complete the picture.

The California State Association of Counties ponied up $2.6 million. Los Angeles
County is also a member of the Urban Counties Caucus, a group formed in 1991,
which spent $228,185 for lobbying during 2003-2004. The Los Angeles County
District Attorney's Office spent $408,364 and the County Welfare Directors
Association dropped $232,707. The Association of County Treasurers and Tax
Collectors contributed $100,600 more. The Metropolitan Transportation Authority
paid out $703,930 in lobbying fees for 2003-03, according to the most recent
figures from the secretary of state.

Lobbying by local governments is ``significantly bigger'' than lobbying by
business, according to Haynes, and can't be blamed on Proposition 13. ``Big
government has perpetuated government lobbying,'' he said.

Republican state Sen. Tom McClintock agrees. ``We represent the same
constituents as county governments,'' he says. ``We are not supposed to be
lobbying each other, the people are supposed to be lobbying us.''

McClintock describes the current system as driven by ``greed'' and a
``government-out-of-control problem, beyond checks and balances.''

The city and county of Los Angeles, meanwhile, are not the only big spenders.
During the 2003-04 session, Orange County spent $1.7 million, Alameda $1.7
million, San Bernardino $1.7 million and San Diego County $1.5 million.

The California Teachers Association, California's most powerful union, spent
$5.3 million lobbying in Sacramento during 2003-04. The California Association
of State Employees logged in with $1.25 million. The California School Boards
Association disposed of $1.7 million. The California Association for Bilingual
Education spent $110,948, presumably to lobby for the bilingual policies voters
eliminated under Proposition 227.

And there's more.

The California Association of Councils of Governments spent $441,152 for
lobbying in 2003-04, and the California Association of School Psychologists,
$83,725. For its part, the Association of California Water Agencies chipped in
$1.2 million, and the California Water Association $781,728.

Not to be left out, the California Cut Flower Commission spent $13,557 on
lobbying.

The California State University system spent $368,500, including $33,000 in the
fourth and eighth quarters of the 2003-04 session, when no specific legislation
or agency was lobbied. Perhaps the reasoning is that if the lobbying budget
isn't used, even on nothing, it will be reduced the following year. On that
level, at least, local government lobbying is spending for the sake of spending.

While local governments claim a lack of funds and ponder cuts in services, there
seems to be no shortage of money for lobbying. Before residents of Los Angeles
can debate whether the amounts are inappropriate they have to know what they
are. City officials do not seem eager to tell them.

Who are California's lobbyists, who is hiring them, and how are they paid?
Angelenos may want to push city and county government - along with the various
education offices - to produce a regular report of lobbying expenditures. More
difficult to quantify might be what taxpaying residents get in return.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  K. Lloyd Billingsley writes from Sacramento and serves as editorial
director of the Pacific Research Institute.

GRAPHIC: 3 photos
 Photo: (1 -- 3 -- color) no caption (State government) Robyn Beck/AFP/Getty
Images The Miami Herald

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 Digital First Media


                              60 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             May 16, 2002 Thursday

Politically inconsistent

BYLINE: From staff and news service reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 435 words


When it comes to lobbying, baseball covers all the bases. It's paying
Washington, D.C., lobbyists to protect its right to eliminate the Minnesota
Twins, while the Twins are paying Minnesota lobbyists to win them a new
ballpark.

In Washington, baseball spent about $1.2 million on congressional lobbying in
2001, more than double the previous year, and established a political action
committee last summer, when it was preparing its franchise-elimination plan.

In the first quarter of this year, the PAC made contributions to 10 members of
Congress, six of whom are on either the House or Senate judiciary committees.
The committees are reviewing legislation seeking to prevent baseball from
following through with its proposed contraction plan.

The legislation would tweak baseball's antitrust exemption by making contraction
and relocation of teams subject to antitrust challenges.

The expenditures stand in contrast to lobbying at the Minnesota Legislature,
where the Twins spent $338,000 in the first three months of 2002 on their
stadium effort. In a 15-month span ending in March, the team ran up a $1.4
million lobbying tab.

Team spokesman Dave St. Peter said the Washington lobbying money comes from
baseball's central fund, and the Twins are not paying additional money for that
effort, nor lobbying members of Congress on their own. The Twins split legal
costs with Major League Baseball, he said, in defending themselves against
Minnesota lawsuits trying to force them to remain alive and playing in the Twin
Cities.

In Washington, baseball paid its primary firm, Baker & Hostetler, $1.1 million
last year and spent $100,000 on outside consultants.

The total was just less than $600,000 in 2000, when baseball closed its in-house
lobbying shop. The sport now is represented by Lucy Calautti at Baker &
Hostetler. She is the wife of Sen. Kent Conrad, D-N.D., and the former chief of
staff to Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D.

Conrad has said he would not vote on the legislation if it reaches the Senate
floor. Calls to Dorgan's office were not returned. Neither is on the Senate
Judiciary Committee.

Calautti said last year's lobbying numbers were comparable to spending in
previous years, with 2000 an exception because baseball's lobbying shop was
closing.

The lobbying activity ranged from discussing pending legislation with lawmakers
and their staffs, to working with lawyers to help prepare baseball executives
such as Commissioner Bud Selig for congressional testimony.

Staff writer Aron Kahn and the Associated Press contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 14, 1996, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

As Albany Cuts Funds, Lobbies Spend More

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B;  Page 1;  Column 3;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1009 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 13


Scrambling to save their piece of the shrinking state budget, corporations and
interest groups spent $46.9 million to lobby state government in New York last
year, a 17 percent increase over 1994 and the largest rise in nearly two
decades, a state commission said today.

Hospitals and other health-care providers were among those at the top of the
list, in large part because they undertook expensive efforts to beat back Gov.
George E. Pataki's plan to reduce the state's Medicaid costs. Unions for state
workers and teachers, which feared layoffs and cuts in money for education, also
made large expenditures.

The Greater New York Hospital Association was first at $1.18 million, and the
Health Care Association of New York State was fourth at $1.04 million. After
their lobbying of legislators and their buying of television and other
advertising to attack budget cuts, Mr. Pataki's proposed reduction in the
state's Medicaid bill last year was pared from nearly $1.5 billion to $700
million.

The increased spending stirred new calls for reform of New York's lobbying laws,
which have changed little in decades and are more lax than those of many states.
It also focused attention on the rise in lobbying in state capitals nationwide,
which until recent years was far less sophisticated than the lobbying campaigns
mounted in Washington.

Ten years ago, corporations, unions and other interest groups spent $15.1
million on lobbying state government officials in New York, less than one third
the amount spent last year, according to the New York Temporary State Commission
on Lobbying.

That money typically went to pay lawyers who glad-handed legislators in the back
rooms of the Capitol or tried to sway their opinions over a leisurely lunch. But
with governors seeking to squeeze budgets and the Republicans who control
Congress fighting to give greater responsibilities to state governments,
lobbying tactics at the state level in New York and many other states are
growing more aggressive.

These days, for example, state lobbyists buy television ads, something that was
unheard of just a few years ago.

One study found that between 1980 and 1990, the number of interest groups
lobbying at the state level nearly doubled, to an average of about 620 per
state, said Prof. Michael J. Malbin, director of the Center for Legislative
Studies at the Rockefeller Institute in Albany.

"Since Ronald Reagan became President there has been more emphasis on policy
making at the state level," Mr. Malbin said. "So, more people have a stake in
trying to track what's going on and trying to influence it. And the
proliferation of interest groups at the national level has made it easier for
them to replicate and to decentralize when it became time to do so."

Instead of just talking to legislators, lobbyists here and in other state
capitals are devoting a significant chunk of their lobbying budget to
advertisements that are intended to get the public to pressure state officials.
Much of the money spent by health-care groups last year, for example, was
funneled to television commercials that sought to raise alarms about Mr.
Pataki's cuts.

The lobbying commission said that expenditures for advertising rose from about
$250,000 in 1994 to more than $6 million last year.

The third-ranking group on the lobbying commission's list, AT&T, spent $1.16
million, mostly on advertisements that focused on influencing a State Public
Service Commission debate on rates for Nynex. AT&T was concerned that the
commission would allow Nynex to set high rates that would keep AT&T out of the
regional telephone market, said David E. Roos, AT&T's lobbyist in Albany.

Officials of the state lobbying commission said that the increase in television
advertising was one reason that the lobbying expenditures of four groups reached
more than $1 million last year for the first time. The total last year for all
groups was $46.9 million, up from $39.1 million in 1994, which, adjusted for
inflation, represents a 17 percent increase.

Kenneth Raske, president of the Greater New York Hospital Association, which
represents 174 hospitals and nursing homes in the New York City area, said that
the push to cut health-care costs had forced his group to protect itself. It
concentrated much of its money on advertising, he said.

"The hospital community is being clobbered by budget cuts and proposed budget
cuts both in Albany and in Washington," he said. "From our point of view, we
would prefer not to spend this money. The problem is that given that these
issues are so enormous, the only thing that we can do is go to the public and
let them know what it is about."

Morris H. Klein, chairman of the state lobbying commission, said that last year,
1,156 interest groups registered with the commission, up from 1,099 in 1994. Mr.
Klein and several organizations that lobby for government reform used the
announcement of the expenditures to press the Legislature to revamp the state's
lobbying laws.

Blair Horner, legislative director for the New York Public Interest Research
Group, called the increase in lobbying last year staggering.

Mr. Horner said that the Legislature should strengthen the powers of the
lobbying commission, which it established in 1977 as a temporary agency and
whose authority it must renew periodically. He said New York should follow other
states and ban campaign contributions by interest groups that also lobby
heavily.

He pointed out that lobbying by groups at the top of the commission's list
carried more weight because of their campaign contributions. The state teachers'
union, for example, spent $1.17 million on lobbying and $402,000 on campaign
contributions. The Health Care Asssociation of New York State channeled $112,000
into campaign contributions, in addition to its $1.04 million on lobbying.

"We have among the weakest laws restricting lobbying practices in the country,"
Mr. Horner said. "Twenty states restrict lobbyists' ability to make campaign
contributions. The nation is way ahead of New York."

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: Page B1 Graph shows the amount of money spent on registered
lobbying of the New York State Government, from 1978 to 1995. (Source: New York
Temporary State Commission on Lobbying)

Chart; "SORTING IT OUT: Lobbying New York State" shows the top spenders and
spending by industry in 1995. (Source: New York Temorary State Commission on
Lobbying) (pg. B8)

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              62 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 15, 1999, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Albany's Lobbying Toll

SECTION: Section A; Page 28; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 344 words


With the tobacco industry under siege in recent years, New York State has
offered cigarette manufacturers a legislative safety zone. There have been no
extra taxes on cigarettes since 1993, and no extra burdens on tobacco companies
that have faced tariffs and controls elsewhere on their hazardous products.

Such a smoke-friendly atmosphere does not appear by accident. In fact, the
tobacco industry, particularly Philip Morris, has been plying the state's
lawmakers with gifts and goodies including dinners and tickets to sports events
like the Indianapolis 500. Philip Morris has now been forced to acknowledge that
it violated New York State's lobbying law by underreporting the extent of its
gift-giving in Albany.

The company's admission might never have been made except that records of New
York spending became available in documents released in anti-smoking lawsuits
elsewhere in the country. Surprisingly, the state lobbying commission, a fairly
toothless operation under the present law, appears ready to subpoena records
from the tobacco giant. If the records prove that the company's revised
submissions are still not correct, the commission could take the extremely rare
step of imposing fines on the company.

There is certainly a better way to do the people's business. The State
Legislature earlier this summer wisely avoided rubber-stamping an extension of
the weak lobbying law. Now the lawmakers need to consider a stronger version
before the present law expires in December. The Integrity in Government bill
under consideration offers a good alternative by modernizing the law, giving
real clout to the commission, broadening the definition of lobbying to include
state agencies and local governments and banning gifts from lobbyists as well as
campaign funds during the legislative session. Gov. George Pataki, who proposed
a reasonable start on campaign finance reform at the end of the last session,
could give his reform credentials more polish by pushing for a decent lobbying
system to rival those in Connecticut and Minnesota.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              63 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     December 5, 2003 Friday Final Edition

Yankees in hot water for freebies; State considers action against team for
giving tickets to politicians

SOURCE: The Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. SP13

LENGTH: 315 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, N.Y.


New York state says there is enough evidence to seek as much as $100,000 US in
fines against the New York Yankees for violating lobbying laws by giving free
tickets to top politicians, including Mayor Michael Bloomberg.

The state Temporary Commission on Lobbying plans a civil penalty hearing early
next year. Commission executive director David Grandeau said yesterday the
Yankees stopped co-operating in the probe a month ago after first agreeing to
provide a list of free tickets provided during the World Series against the
Florida Marlins.

"The commissioners referred it to a civil penalty hearing, and we don't refer it
unless as a staff we feel there's enough evidence to support a violation,"
Grandeau said.

The team denies any wrongdoing.

"The Yankees were surprised to hear this through the media because they have
received no notification from the lobbying commission," Yankees spokesman Howard
Rubenstein said. "They complied with all requests for information and they have
not been engaged in lobbying activities during the period in question.

"They've complied fully with the lobbying laws. This is a highly technical issue
and the Yankees believe there has been no violation. The organization continues
to co-operate."

The case focuses on two state lobbying reports the Yankees submitted that didn't
fully disclose the free ticket practice, Grandeau said. The free tickets went to
the mayor, several of his top aides, city police commissioner Ray Kelly, city
council speaker Gifford Miller and several council members, Manhattan district
attorney Robert Morgenthau and others, according to the New York Post which
first reported the commission's decision. Previously, the Yankees did not deny
giving away the tickets, but said they were not tied to lobbying activities.
State lobbying laws require the disclosure of any expenses related to lobbying.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2003 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              64 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 13, 1987, Friday, Final Edition

Aviators Alleged to Flout Lobby Law;
Lawmaker Asks Probe of Failure to Register, Ties to FAA Ex-Aides

BYLINE: Laura Parker, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A10

LENGTH: 627 words


Rep. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) has asked the Justice Department to investigate
the nation's largest private aviation organization for failing to register as a
lobby and maintaining questionable ties to two former Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) chiefs.

In a formal request to the Justice Department's criminal division, Schumer said
the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association (AOPA), which represents 260,000
private pilots, has not filed lobbying reports with the House since 1979 and
appears to "have flouted laws regulating lobbying activity."

"For the issues they're interested in, I have seen few organizations that have
such dominance," Schumer said.

"If you look at the statistics, in terms of delays and safety, there seems to be
an undue lean by the Federal Aviation Administration toward general aviation,"
Schumer added.

AOPA spokesman Edmund Pinto said the group spent only $ 4,000 on lobbying in
1979 and that its lawyers advised the AOPA that it need not register.

"You hire lawyers to advise you. That was their advice," Pinto said. He added
that, within the last six or seven weeks, the group has looked again at its
lobbying and decided to report its activities. AOPA officials said their group
spends less than one percent of its annual $ 20 million budget on lobbying.

Under the 1946 Federal Regulation of Lobbying Act, every lobbying organization
is required to register quarterly and disclose the source of its money and where
it is being spent, even if the bulk of the group's activity is nonlegislative.
Failure to comply is punishable by fines, a prison term and a three-year ban on
lobbying Congress.

AOPA President John L. Baker said it is "unfortunate that the congressman went
off half-cocked." He said he spoke with Schumer yesterday to arrange a meeting
next week.

Schumer said he is concerned because the AOPA hired former FAA chief Donald D.
Engen to head its Air Safety Foundation and works with another former FAA chief,
J. Lynn Helms.

Helms is not on the group's payroll, Pinto said yesterday, and is involved in a
project that includes four other aviation groups. Engen said he is involved in
flight training and safety programs, not legislative activity.

Private planes have drawn attention in recent months after involvement in
several near-collisions. Government statistics show that the majority of
reported near-collisions involve at least one small plane flying under "visual
flight rules," meaning the pilot is not being directed by air traffic
controllers.

In August, a private-plane pilot who said he had lost a contact lense and was
trying to find it, nearly collided with President Reagan's helicopter near the
president's Santa Barbara, Calif., ranch.

Then, after an American Airlines jet and a small plane nearly collided over Los
Angeles Aug. 11, FAA chief T. Allan McArtor issued an emergency order placing
further restrictions on private planes flying around Los Angeles International
Airport.

The AOPA joined a suit against the FAA and inundated members of Congress with an
estimated 50,000 postcards and letters to protest the changes.

"We ought to be influential," Baker said. "We make a hell of an effort. We
represent a significant cross-section. We're very good at what we do."

Baker said the private pilots' concern in Los Angeles was not access but safety
and, after meeting with the private pilots, the FAA is working out a plan to
establish new access paths for small planes around the airport.

"We deal in aviation safety, and that's hardly compatible with 'undue
influence,' " FAA spokesman Bob Buckhorn said.

Buckhorn added that the agency encourages "input from all the users of the
system, and that includes general aviation. But the final decision is the
FAA's."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              65 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             July 18, 2013 Thursday
                                 METRO EDITION

State communities spent $7.8M on lobbying in 2012

BYLINE: JENNIFER BROOKS; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 424 words



HIGHLIGHT: Annual report from the state auditor shows a dip in local lobbying in
St. Paul, compared with 2011.


Minnesota's cities, counties, school districts and local government associations
spent more than $7.8 million on state lobbying last year.

The 2012 Legislative session featured a fierce fight between communities over
the site of the new Vikings stadium. Unsurprisingly, the communities that spent
the most on lobbying last year were the ones with the biggest stake in the
Legislature's decision.

The annual report on local government lobbying, released Wednesday by the state
auditor's office, found that 10 communities or government associations each
spent more than $100,000 lobbying in St. Paul last year.

Minneapolis spent more than $394,000; Hennepin County spent another $213,000;
the Metropolitan Sports Authority Commission spent almost $341,000; Ramsey
County spent $145,000; St. Paul spent $123,000; and Anoka County spent $121,000.

In 2012, 81 local governments spent a combined $3.9 million to send lobbyists to
the Capitol. The 2012 session, among other things, was when the Legislature was
trying to decide on a location for the new Vikings stadium and passed a $500
million bonding bill.

Local governments also spent an additional $10.6 million on dues to local
government associations that also lobbied on their behalf in St. Paul. Those
associations - which include the Coalition of Greater Minnesota Cities, the
League of Minnesota Cities and the Minnesota School Boards Association - spent
another $3.9 million on lobbying, funded by those dues.

Even so, those lobbying tallies are almost half a million dollars less than
local governments spent on lobbying in 2011.

State Auditor Rebecca Otto, who issued the state's annual lobbying report
Wednesday, noted that the decrease isn't unexpected.

"There is a traditional pattern of lobbying expenses being higher during the
longer legislative budget session and lower during the shorter bonding session,"
Otto said in a statement.

"This report covers calendar year 2012, which was a shorter bonding session.
Overall lobbying expenses showed the traditional decrease."

Minneapolis spent $467,139 on lobbying in 2011.

The coming 2014 session will be another bonding year, and Minnesota communities
have already put in almost $1 billion worth of requests. Minneapolis' bonding
requests include: $25 million to revitalize Nicollet Mall; $8.5 million for
renovations at the Minneapolis Sculpture Garden and Cowles Conservancy; and $10
million for a new east river channel on Hall's Island, as part of the ongoing
effort to turn an old lumberyard into a riverside park.

Jennifer Brooks · 651-925-5049

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 22, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

THE REGION;
Lobbyists Are Told To Give Fiscal Data

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 140 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


The head of the state's largest lobbying group for businesses and several
clients of lobbyists were ordered to appear before the New York Temporary State
Commission on Regulation of Lobbying to explain why they failed to meet the Feb.
1 deadline for filing their financial statements.

Among the 18 lobbyists ordered to appear for hearings next Monday and Tuesday
was Raymond T. Schuler, president of the Business Council of New York,
representing 4,000 companies.

State law requires registered lobbyists, their clients and public corporation to
file an annual report to account for lobbying expenditures. The lobbyists could
be fined up to $1,000 each for failing to file 1980 financial statements,
according to Louis J.  Controna, executive director of the commission.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              67 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 29, 2014 Monday
                                 Every Edition

Levick continues foray into lobbying

BYLINE: Catherine Ho

SECTION: Pg. A11

LENGTH: 444 words


District-based crisis communications firm Levick is continuing its expansion
into the lobbying field by hiring former Florida congressman Connie Mack IV, the
firm plans to announce Monday.

The move is part of Levick's push to integrate its bread-and-butter
communications and public affairs services with formal lobbying. Mack is an
executive vice president at the firm and began work this month.

Levick in January acquired Dow Lohnes Government Strategies, a lobbying
subsidiary that was previously owned by the law firm Dow Lohnes, in its first
major foray into lobbying. Mack said Levick's approach to combining
communications with lobbying was appealing.

"As a former member [of Congress], the days of walking into members' offices and
trying to move legislation based on relationships is over," he said. "The real
way to move forward is to have a strong communications presence with government
relations. You combine those two things together and you have a very credible
and exciting opportunity to move the needle on important issues."

Mack, a Republican, represented Florida's 14th Congressional District from 2005
to 2013. After an unsuccessful bid for Senate in 2012, he founded Mack
Strategies and Liberty International Group, two Florida-based lobby and
consulting firms. He registered to become a federal lobbyist in March on behalf
of American Task Force Argentina, according to lobbying records compiled by the
Sunlight Foundation, a nonprofit that tracks outside influence in government.
American Task Force Argentina, based in Arlington, is the lobbying entity for
U.S. creditors seeking to recover money from  the Argentine government's 2001
debt default.

Mack is also registered to represent Las Vegas Sands Corp., which owns the
Venetian and the Palazzo in Las Vegas, and Doral Financial, a holding company
for the Puerto Rican bank Doral Bank. Mack declined to comment on which clients
would move with him.

He plans to split his time between Washington and Florida.

Mack said his work should complement that of the lobbying team from Dow Lohnes.
The Dow Lohnes  group joined Levick after being left out of a deal to merge the
law firm portion of Dow Lohnes into the larger law firm Cooley. In 2013, the
last full year that Dow Lohnes Government Strategies operated independently, the
firm earned nearly $1.9 million in revenue, representing many clients in the oil
and gas and electric utilities industries including Chevron, National Grid and
Calpine Corp. Rick Kessler, the leader of the Dow Lohnes lobbying team, recently
ran for a seat in Maryland's House of Delegates representing District 18, but
lost in the primary.

catherine.ho@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            February 5, 2017 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

ESSENTIAL POLITICS;
Tab for state lobbying reaches $309 million;
Oil, climate, labor and health groups drive spending, which is short of 2015
record.

BYLINE: Patrick McGreevy

SECTION: CALIFORNIA; bad desk code; Local Desk; Part B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 914 words

DATELINE:  SACRAMENTO


Interest groups spent $309 million on lobbying California government officials
last year, with new records showing that the oil industry, environmental groups,
labor unions and the health industry poured the greatest amounts into
legislative and regulatory battles.

It is the second time in the state's history that more than $300 million has
been spent in a year, just short of the record $314 million paid out for
lobbying in 2015.

Seeing such large amounts spent by moneyed interests is a concern, public
advocates say, because it reflects an effort to exert heavy influence on
government officials that average citizens may not be able to match.

Lobbying expenses, which must be reported to the state, include money that goes
directly to individual lobbyists as well as other "payments to influence," which
can include cash spent on research, organizing public rallies, and television
and radio ads that urge voters to contact their lawmakers on specific bills.

The biggest spender was the Western States Petroleum Assn., which reported $7.7
million in payments for work, including a big push against Senate Bill 32, which
requires greenhouse gas emissions to be 40% below 1990 levels by 2030.

"It was the battle of the year," said Jamie Court, executive director of the
advocacy group Consumer Watchdog. "The oil companies spent a ton of money."

The oil group said the measure "puts accessible and reliable energy at risk."

Expenses reported by the petroleum group included a total of $721 spent on
dinner at the Spago restaurant in Maui for eight lawmakers, including state Sen.
Tom Berryhill (R-Twain Harte) and Democratic Assemblymen Miguel Santiago and
Reggie Jones-Sawyer, both of Los Angeles.

The group also picked up a $1,599 tab for Assemblyman Rudy Salas Jr.
(D-Bakersfield) to stay at the Ritz-Carlton hotel in Half Moon Bay.

The association's president, Cathy Reheis-Boyd, said her group's expenditures
for lobbying activities "are a direct reflection of the enormous number of
issues confronting the energy industry in California, and the potential impact
those issues have on energy producers, refiners, consumers and businesses."

Chevron Corp., a member of the petroleum association, was the fourth biggest
spender on lobbying last year, paying out $3 million.

The oil industry did battle with the second biggest spender on lobbying last
year, NextGen Climate Action, an environmental activism group founded by
billionaire Tom Steyer. NextGen reported $7.4 million spent on lobbying,
including support for SB 32.

The spending included $19,608 for a legislative reception attended by 25
lawmakers and legislative staffers at an upscale Sacramento hotel.

The vast majority of NextGen's lobbying spending went to pay for television
advertisements supporting SB 32 and other clean air laws, urging voters to
contact their lawmakers and ask for a positive vote.

"Tell your legislator to stand up to the oil companies and protect our clean air
laws," Steyer said in one of the ads.

Steyer, who has been considering a run for governor, was seeking to counter the
lobbying effort of the oil industry, a representative said.

"We ran clean air ads this summer that served as a counterweight to the oil
industry's entrenched influence and helped pass historic legislation to combat
pollution," said Andrew Santana, a spokesman for NextGen.

The third biggest spender on lobbying in 2016 was the California State Council
of Service Employees, which put $5.6 million into its advocacy efforts at a time
when many state employee bargaining units were negotiating new contracts.

Laphonza Butler, president of SEIU California, said its spending should not be
compared with that of corporations such as Exxon or R.J. Reynolds.

"It comes from small donors -- everyday working people, who contribute a small
portion of their earnings to standing up for themselves and every other
California family who is not a member of SEIU to fight corporate power by
increasing the minimum wage or protecting women at work against sexual assault,"
Butler said in a statement.

Health industry firms and groups and activists for accessible healthcare spent a
combined $34 million last year getting their message to state officials.

Two of the most lobbied bills included a failed measure providing prescription
drug pricing transparency and a successful measure protecting patients who go to
in-network hospitals from surprise, high bills from out-of-network physicians.

The latter bill drew opposition lobbying from several physicians' groups,
including the California Academy of Eye Physicians and Surgeons and the
California Society of Plastic Surgeons, for combined spending of more than
$600,000 on lobbying last year.

"The term 'World War III' was invoked on both of the bills in terms of there was
lots of lobbying on both sides," said Anthony Wright, executive director of
Health Access, a consumer advocacy group. "In both cases, you saw a specific
part of the industry pull out the stops in terms of money and lobbying to at
least slow it down, if not stop it."

Spending on lobbying does not always pay off. Tobacco industry groups, including
giant tobacco firm Altria and RAI Services Co., spent $1.1 million on lobbying
last year, but failed to defeat bills that raised the smoking age to 21 and
banned the use of electronic cigarettes in many public places.

The American Cancer Society and American Heart Assn. spent a combined $447,000
lobbying for the package of anti-tobacco bills.

--

patrick.mcgreevy@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: SEIU CALIFORNIA Directors Tiffany Whiten, seated second from
left, and Tia Orr cheer a bill at the state Capitol in August. "Everyday working
people" donate to the union to fight corporate power, its president says.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Gary Coronado Los Angeles Times

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 998 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                           April 17, 1996, Wednesday

Trial Lawyers Group Ranks Seventh in Spending on Lobbying

BYLINE: DAVID KLINE

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 581 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO (CAPITOL)


The state's largest association of trial lawyers ranked seventh in spending on
Sacramento lobbyists in 1995, Secretary of State Bill Jones reported yesterday.

Consumer Attorneys of California spent $ 1.13 million on lobbying the state
government last year, Jones said, representing the biggest lobbying effort from
the legal community.

The top overall spender was State Farm Insurance, which paid $ 1.58 million in
lobbying costs in 1995.

Rounding out the top 10 were, in order: Western States Petroleum Association ($
1.57 million), the California Healthcare Association ($ 1.3 million), Chevron
Corp. ($ 1.2 million), Pacific Telesis Group ($ 1.2 million), the California
Medical Association ($ 1.2 million), the California Teachers Association ($ 1.1
million), the California Chamber of Commerce ($ 1 million), and Merrill Lynch &
Co. ($ 1 million).

Jones said the 1,956 employers who hired lobbyists last year spent $ 131.6
million, breaking the previous record of $ 127.6 million set in 1993.

"With such phenomenal expenditures by these various lobbying entities, timely
and accurate disclosure is my foremost concern to ensure that the public is
aware of just how much special interest groups are spending to influence
legislative or administrative decisions," Jones said in a prepared statement.

The lobbying totals reflected the escalation of the debates over immigration,
civil litigation reform and issues involving the California State Bar.

Among professional associations representing the legal community, California
Applicants' Attorneys Association ranked behind Consumer Attorneys of California
with $ 401,831 in lobbying expenses. The American Civil Liberties Union followed
with a lobbying bill of $ 187,964.

Milberg, Weiss, Bershad, Specthrie & Lerach was the biggest spender among
individual law firms. The San Diego firm, which primarily lobbied against "tort
reform" proposals, spent $ 80,750 in 1995, up from $ 48,500 the previous year.

Along with the Chamber of Commerce, many other business-related advocates of
civil litigation reform spent large sums on lobbying.

The Association for California Tort Reform, a coalition of business groups,
spent $ 263,095 on its advocacy while the California Manufacturers Association
spent $ 681,588.

The State Bar of California spent $ 49,000 on lobbying in 1995, up from $ 13,500
in 1994. The figures represent money spent to contract with outside lobbyists,
and do not include expenses for the State Bar's full-time lobbying staff in
Sacramento.

Last year, the State Bar was the principal opponent of a bill that attempted to
turn the mandatory association into a voluntary one. The bill was enacted into
law after being amended to simply require that California's lawyers be polled to
determine whether they support a mandatory or voluntary organization.

Other lobbying expenditures from within the legal community included:

California Court Reporters Association, $ 133,298; California Attorneys for
Criminal Justice, $ 113,493; LLP Coalition, $ 100,166; California District
Attorneys Association, $ 91,167; California Defense Counsel, $ 86,177;
California Judges Association, $ 90,075; and the Mexican American Legal Defense
and Educational Fund, $ 65,900.

Also: Consumers and Lawyers Against Censorship, $ 59,852; Beverly Hills Bar
Association, $ 36,315; The Court Reporting Reform Coalition, $ 24,259; Los
Angeles Superior Court, $ 12,447; and the Los Angeles County Bar Association, $
5,000.


LOAD-DATE: April 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 Metropolitan News Company


                              70 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 3, 1980, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

CITY'S LOBBYING IN ALBANY COST $279,860 IN '79;AMOUNT EXCEEDS THAT FOR

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 488 words


ANY ORGANIZATION

By SELWYN RAAB

ALBANY, June 2 - New York City and its semi-independent agencies spent $279,860
to lobby before the State Legislature and state commissions last year, more than
any private or public organization in the state, an agency report disclosed
today.

''Our return is very cost effective,'' said Margaret L. Weiss, the city's
legislative representative or chief lobbyist here. ''We bring in a lot of money
and stop a lot of bad bills that would be expensive to the city.''

The Consolidated Edison Company reported spending $260,289 on lobbying, the
second highest amount, according to the report by the Temporary State Commission
on the Regulation of Lobbying. The utility company, which provides electricity
and gas in New York City and for Westchester County, lobbied mainly for higher
utility rates from the Public Service Commission.

Consolidated Edison's expenses were the largest single amount to be reported by
any private or public organization. But New York City's expenditures, which were
reported separately for four municipal or semi-independent units, such as the
Board of Education and the Housing Authority, were collectively larger.

Overall, registered lobbyists reported that in 1979 a total of $9.1 million was
spent on lobbying, $2.4 million more than in 1978 when the state first began
keeping such records.

The commission on lobbying, which was established by the Legislature in 1978 in
an attempt to do a better job of policing lobbyists, has been attacked by civic
groups as an ineffective unit and as a ''boondoggle.'' In releasing the report,
Frederick C.  Stimmel, executive director of the commission, said it showed that
the agency had ''an aggressive enforcement program and more streamlined
operations.''

One Lobbyist Fined

Asked about disciplinary proceedings for improper lobbying activities among the
1,300 registered lobbyists, Mr. Stimmel said the commission, so far, had brought
charges against one lobbyist, who was fined $1,000 for failing to file financial
and other reports. But he has not been barred from lobbying, Mr. Stimmel said.

Condello & Ryan, an Albany law firm, reported the highest income of any
lobbyists - $464,636.  Besides New York City and Consolidated Edison, the
largest amounts spent in efforts to influence action by the Legislature or
regulatory agencies were reported by the following:
The New York State Bankers Association, $119,049.  The C.I.T. Financial
Corporation, a New York City investment and insurance company, $107,728.  The
Industrial Energy Users Association, an affiliate of American Cyanamid, $96,887.
The New York State United Teachers, a statewide teachers' union, $88,659.Holmes
Protection, $71,140.  The Tobacco Tax Council, a group opposing higher tobacco
taxes, $67,350.  The Niagara Mohawk Power Corporation, a utility, $65,136.  The
Tobacco Institute, a tobacco industry organization, $64,064.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              71 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 9, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

A Lobbying Frenzy For Federal Funds

BYLINE: Annys Shin; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 592 words


Last week it was auto industry suppliers. Yesterday it was mayors from the
nation's biggest cities. Now, auto dealers from across the country have arrived
in Washington.

With Congress poised to vote on a rescue for the nation's auto industry and
President-elect Barack Obama promising to launch a massive public spending
program, Capitol Hill has once again become the scene of a lobbying
free-for-all, with industry and local governments alike seeking some of the
billions in taxpayer dollars that Congress is likely to spend in the
not-too-distant future.

While some of the lobbying has been conducted by the usual hands on K Street, a
parade of trade groups, unions and business owners have chosen to voice their
pleas in person.

Some of the most determined lobbying has come from representatives of the auto
industry, who have converged on Washington in an all-out effort to build support
for a rescue of the Big Three. Their arrival follows that of the chief
executives of General Motors, Chrysler and Ford, who have twice tried to press
lawmakers for emergency loans.

Brian Swanson, the general manager of a metal forming company based in Plymouth,
Mich., recently joined 50 other auto industry suppliers in a small procession by
the Capitol Reflecting Pool. He said the gathering was intended to show Congress
that a bailout for automakers "was not a Detroit issue."

"This was about the  6 million jobs that rely on, directly and indirectly, the
automotive industry," said Swanson, whose  business employs about 300 people at
two plants in Tennessee and Michigan.

Separately, a small group  of active and retired auto workers from Michigan,
Indiana and other states piled into their cars  Sunday and drove through the
night to Washington. After arriving yesterday morning, they marched to the
Capitol and walked uninvited into the office of Sen. Richard C. Shelby (R-Ala.).

Shelby, who has argued that autoworkers are overpaid,  did not make an
appearance, but his aides agreed to meet with members of the "auto caravan,"
participants said.

Annette Sykora, chairman of the National Automobile Dealers Association, said
members of her group began booking hotel rooms in Washington and scheduling
meetings with lawmakers a few weeks ago, as soon as they learned Congress would
return  after Thanksgiving to reconsider an auto industry rescue plan.

As a result, she said, she has spent more days in Washington over the past month
than she has at her home in Slaton, Tex. "I feel like a commuter," she said.

The promise of funds from a stimulus package also has  drawn supplicants. With
states across the country facing budget shortfalls, governors made their case
for federal help last week, when Obama attended a conference of the National
Governors Association in Philadelphia. Yesterday, the mayors of New York, Miami,
Chicago and other cities gathered in Washington to lobby for their piece of the
pie.

In meetings with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) and Senate Majority
Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.), the mayors pitched new roads and water mains,
touting the hundreds of municipal infrastructure projects that they said were
"shovel-ready." They also argued that some federal money should go directly to
cities instead of flowing through Washington or state capitals, which they say
would slow the disbursement of funds.

"The overriding concern is . . . if the taxpayers are going to be asked again to
put this kind of money out, can we see tangible results right away?" said Manny
Diaz, mayor of Miami and president of the U.S. Conference of Mayors.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Melina Mara -- The Washington Post; House Ways and Means
Chairman Charles Rangel (D-N.Y.) meets with the U.S. Conference of Mayors on
Capitol Hill to discuss economic stimulus for cities.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              July 15, 2016 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Editorial: Of course Andy Blunt took his clients to Washington

BYLINE:  By the Editorial Board

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 467 words


The Post-Dispatch's Chuck Raasch reported last week that lobbyist Andy Blunt
took a bunch of his cable television clients from Missouri on a trip to
Washington, D.C., in April to chat with members of Missouri's congressional
delegation.

This excursion was notable only because Andy Blunt is running the re-election
campaign of his father, Republican Sen. Roy Blunt. And Andy Blunt has always
insisted that he separates his Missouri lobbying business from his father's
Washington's interests.

The Blunts try to downplay it, but everyone who follows Missouri politics knows
lobbying is the Blunt family business. So we wondered if anyone would be upset
with Raasch's story.

Sure enough, a spokesman for Missouri Secretary of State Jason Kander, Roy
Blunt's presumptive Democratic opponent in the November election, tried to work
up some outrage. "Now that Andy Blunt has been caught lobbying the Senate,
Missourians deserve to hear from Sen. Blunt about this blatant conflict of
interest and what he intends to do to clean it up," said Chris Hayden,
communications director for the Kander campaign.

Well, actually they weren't "lobbying the Senate," but only some staffers for
Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill. But they might not have gotten that far
without Andy Blunt's influence, which is what they pay him for.

The cable TV executives were looking for help they couldn't get in Jefferson
City. The Federal Communications Commission is writing new rules that might
threaten the $20 billion a year that the cable industry collects from renting
set-top boxes. The FCC contends that cable customers should be able to save
money by streaming cable content the same way they stream Netflix.

So yes, Andy Blunt and his clients were lobbying federal office-holders on
federal agency rule-making. Technically that doesn't make him a federal lobbyist
- you have to spend 20 percent of your time lobbying Congress or the executive
branch to qualify.

No one should be surprised at this. Roy Blunt spent his first 14 years in
Congress in the House, where he rose through the GOP leadership ranks by helping
his mentor, former Rep. Tom DeLay, R-Texas, run the so-called "K Street
Project." Washington lobbying firms were pressured to hire Republicans for top
jobs in return for access to key office-holders. At least 35 members of his
staff shuttled between his office and K Street lobbying firms.

Roy Blunt's second wife is a top lobbyist for Kraft Foods. His three children by
his first marriage are all lobbyists - Andy, Matt (the former governor of
Missouri) and Amy Blunt Mosby. Largely because he married into the lobbying
business, Roy Blunt's estimated net worth increased from about $150,000 in 2002
to $3.46 million in 2012.

So, no surprises here. Andy Blunt took his clients to Washington. That's where
the money is.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  November 3, 2010 - Roy Blunt spent Wednesday morning thanking his
staff, including his son Andy Blunt, at left, and campaign chairman Ann Wagner
at a breakfast held at the University Plaza Hotel in Springfield. Blunt defeated
Missouri Secretary of State Robin Carnahan Tuesday in their race for U.S.
Senate. Robert Cohen rcohen@post-dispatch.com

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                        May 7, 2001 Monday, Home Edition

Anti-estate tax ads keep heat on Miller, Cleland;
Businesses say battle at 'critical juncture'

BYLINE: George Edmonson

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: News; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 644 words


Washington --- One of the most active groups lobbying for repeal of the estate
tax has an ad campaign aimed at keeping Georgia's senators on its side.

The radio spots by the National Federation of Independent Business urge
listeners to call Democrats Zell Miller and Max Cleland "and tell them to
continue their support for complete repeal of the death tax."

Miller and Cleland both favor repeal of the estate tax.

"The first thing we need to do is shore up those who have supported us in the
past and make sure that they continue to stay on board with the full repeal,"
federation spokesman Ed Frank said. "We just don't want to take any chances,
basically. We're at a very critical juncture."

The ads are airing on WSB in Atlanta, two stations in Macon and three stations
in Savannah, Frank said.

An expert on lobbying said the federation's goals might go beyond the tax issue.

"Groups will often use these outside lobbying things to make those senators
participate more," said Ken Goldstein, author of "Interest Groups, Lobbying, and
Participation in America" and a University of Wisconsin professor. "So, Cleland
or Miller will say, 'OK, I'm with you.' But they also want those guys to carry a
little water in the Senate for them."

Spokeswoman Joan Kirchner in Miller's Washington office said constituents had
made little response. Patricia Murphy, Cleland's spokeswoman, said the ads had
generated calls including some from listeners who thought incorrectly that
Cleland opposed repeal of the tax.

"We don't want to create that impression," Frank said. "We specifically say:
'Urge Senator Cleland to continue supporting . . . .' "

The two Georgia Democrats are among seven in their party being targeted by the
federation, which represents small businesses. The other senators are Mary
Landrieu and John Breaux of Louisiana, Max Baucus of Montana, Ben Nelson of
Nebraska and Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas.

At least several of them have taken stands previously in favor of repealing or
reducing the tax. Cleland, Baucus and Landrieu are up for re-election next year.
All seven are in states with a significant number of Republican voters;
President Bush carried the five states in the November election.

"All of this has an electoral connection," Goldstein said. "Even though this is
about legislation, the implicit message is, 'Hey, if these guys can air radio
ads now, they can air radio ads during an election.' "

The federation has about 600,000 members, including 9,000 in Georgia, and the
average firm it represents has six employees. The group says more than 90
percent of its members vote. While the $145,000 radio campaign, which will
continue through May 18, is unusual, Frank said the organization often contacts
members about political issues and urges them to get involved.

"I'd say they're definitely considered one of the top lobby organizations on the
Hill," said Robin Gerber, a senior fellow at the University of Maryland's
Academy of Leadership and a former labor union lobbyist. "They do very
aggressive outreach to their membership . . . to do grass-roots kinds of work in
their communities."

The impact of the estate tax is the subject of intense debate over how much
impact it has and how many are affected by it. Opponents of the tax, including
the federation, often refer to it as the "death tax."

Frank said many small-business owners are concerned because they see the tax as
a "moving target. You don't know when you're going to die, and you don't know
how much your estate is going to be worth at that point. So you have to really
cover your bases."

The federation is doing that in its efforts to end the tax. "We have a team of
about 10 lobbyists that are on the Hill every single day," Frank said. "We're in
contact constantly with folks in the White House and the Treasury Department."

LOAD-DATE: May 07, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              74 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             August 29, 2011 Monday
                                 Final Edition

City needs a public discussion of lobbying

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 563  words


Daytona Beach residents must have been surprised to learn recently that the
city's lobbying priorities for the next session of the Legislature include
looking into a food and beverage sales tax and "monitoring" legislation on
casino gambling.

Even two city commissioners were at least partly surprised by a list of
"priority issues" developed by city staffers. That's not good. The commissioners
-- not the hired hands -- represent Daytona Beach residents. The people's
representatives ought to know what the city's paid lobbyists are up to in
Tallahassee.

City Commissioner Pam Woods said the staff's priorities, which also included
examining the possibility of charging admission to the Daytona Beach Pier,
weren't her priorities. "We should start over," she said.

City Commissioner Edith Shelley was a bit perplexed. She said she didn't recall
the commission discussing most of the priorities on the list. Shelley wants the
lobbyist, David Ramba, to submit monthly reports on his efforts as a special
pleader for the city.

The commission needs to be fully informed of any lobbying carried out in the
name of the city -- and with city residents' tax money. These lobbying
priorities should be discussed and debated in public meetings, not hammered out
inside city offices.

Many people view lobbying as a dubious or even disreputable attempt to influence
the legislative process. But lobbyists have a legitimate role to play in giving
voice to various groups and interests -- from business associations to
environmental activists. Like it or not, lobbying is a form of speech that comes
under the umbrella of the First Amendment. It's a way for citizens to petition
their government and amplify their voices in the big debates in Washington,
D.C., and the state capitals.

But government lobbying government is less defensible as an exercise of First
Amendment rights. For one thing, it seems a little incestuous for one arm or
branch of government to lobby another for favors. All the money comes from the
same source -- the taxpayers.

Also, governments' lobbyists are funded through taxes. Citizens can't opt out of
taxation if they don't like the legislative agendas their local officials are
pursuing at the state or federal level.

You may, for instance, favor the expansion of casino gambling in Florida and
contribute money to groups that are pushing to expand gambling. That's certainly
your right as a citizen.

But it gets murkier when local officials are lobbying for casinos, food taxes or
what have you.

Say you oppose gambling. You can express that opposition to city or county
officials, but you can't stop them from lobbying for it with your tax money.

To be clear, the Daytona Beach priority list only calls for the Ramba Consulting
Group to "monitor future development of destination resorts and casinos
legislation." It seems likely, however, that the city would not remain on the
sidelines should bills to expand casino gambling advance next year.

In any event, city officials need to have a full discussion of the agenda
they're pursuing in Tallahassee. This isn't staff business; it's public
business.

City leaders recognized that after the minor flap over the priority list.
They've set a meeting for Sept. 21 to discuss legislative priorities.

We hope it's a good discussion that takes into account the pluses and minuses of
casinos, food and beverage taxes and pier fees.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2011 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2011 News-Journal Corporation


                              75 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            October 8, 2005 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Prosecutors now investigating Vacco's lobbying firm

BYLINE: By Tom Precious - NEWS ALBANY BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 613 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


The Albany County district attorney will examine evidence to see if a crime has
been committed in a lobbying deal involving former State Attorney General Dennis
Vacco.

David Soares, the Albany County prosecutor, wants to see if allegations leveled
against Vacco's lobbying firm by the state's chief lobbying regulator have any
basis for a criminal probe, Richard Arthur, a spokesman for the district
attorney, said Friday.

Without admitting any wrongdoing, Vacco's lobbying firm earlier this week agreed
to pay the state $50,000 to end a probe involving a contingency fee contract his
firm had with a Rochester businessman for a New York casino project involving an
Oklahoma Indian tribe. Lobbying contingency fees, in which payments are based on
the success of a project, are illegal in New York.

Vacco's Albany-based firm, Crane & Vacco, was in line to get a $5.5 million
"success fee" if the tribe, the Seneca-Cayuga Tribe of Oklahoma, was awarded
casino deals in the Catskills and Finger Lakes regions. The lobbying contract
was with Thomas Wilmot, a Rochester businessman who was working with the tribe.

The head of the state lobbying agency, David Grandeau, said Vacco's firm broke
the law with the contingency fee arrangement, which he said is a misdemeanor.

"There has been an allegation of criminal wrongdoing, a serious allegation of
criminal wrongdoing," said Arthur. "When you have the head of the lobbying
commission saying, in his opinion, a violation of law has occurred we're
obligated to look at it."

James Featherstonhaugh, a lawyer for Vacco's firm, said he was not surprised the
prosecutor asked to review the lobbying firm's evidence after Grandeau made his
public accusation. "It seemed, to me, a perfectly appropriate response from his
office," Featherstonhaugh said of Soares.

The Albany County prosecutor was elected last year in a campaign in which he
said the office would more aggressively pursue white-collar crime, especially
involving government officials. He has since created a public integrity unit.
Before Soares, the office did not have a reputation for targeting corruption in
state government.

The lobbying commission's board approved the settlement deal with Vacco's firm
on Wednesday. Its three Republican and three Democratic commissioners were split
over whether to formally report the case to prosecutors, but the agency made
clear its books were open to any prosecutor that wanted to look at the case.

Vacco's firm was paid $15,000 a month for lobbying on Wilmot's behalf. In its
required filing with the state lobbying commission, the Vacco firm made no
mention of the $5.5 million contingency fee. The proposed payment became public
during a lawsuit between Vacco's firm and Wilmot, a suit that was later dropped.

Featherstonhaugh said the work Vacco's firm performed for Wilmot was not
lobbying because it did not -- as required under the state definition of
lobbying -- involve trying to influence legislation. He said Vacco, who was the
lead lobbyist on the matter, limited his work to dealing with Gov. George E.
Pataki's office on a proposed compact between the state and the tribe -- matters
that are not defined as lobbying under state law.

Vacco's firm settled the case this week for $50,000 because, it said in a
written statement, that "given the time and resources which would be expended in
further proceedings, the firm believes that its interests are best served by the
settlement, which brings the matter to closure."

Vacco is a former U.S. Attorney in Western New York. He was elected state
attorney general in 1994, and served one term before being defeated by Attorney
General Eliot Spitzer in 1998.

e-mail: tprecious@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dennis Vacco served as state attorney general.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                              76 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           August 30, 2000, Wednesday

TRUMP LOBBY PROBE HAS N.J. TAKING NOTE

BYLINE: By JOE MAHONEY DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 350 words

ALBANY - Donald Trump's lobbying against a proposed Indian casino in the
Catskills is raising the eyebrows of New Jersey casino regulators.

The Donald failed to report that he spent $150,000 on ads aimed at derailing the
Catskills project - sparking a probe by the New York State Lobbying Commission.

Yesterday, sources at the New Jersey Casino Control Commission said that agency
is closely monitoring the New York probe to determine whether Trump's actions
violated gambling rules in the Garden State.

Katherine Lyons, spokeswoman for the New Jersey Commission, would neither
confirm nor deny that her agency's Division of Gaming Enforcement was
investigating Trump's New York activities. But, she said, "It is our job to
ensure the integrity of all our licensees."

In Albany, attorneys for Trump who met with Lobbying Commission officials
admitted that the developer bankrolled an anti-Indian casino ad campaign mounted
by a group called the New York Institute for Law and Society.

Trump, who owns three casinos in Atlantic City, is concerned that competition
from an Indian development in the Catskills would drain his New Jersey holdings.

Lawyer Edward Wallace said The Donald did not report the expenditure because he
did not believe it fit the state's definition of "lobbying activity."

However, Wallace conceded that Trump may have waded into a "gray area."

He said he planned to revise Trump's filing with the lobbying panel to reflect
the spending for the attack ads. "I'd rather amend than fight," said Wallace.

Lobbying officials also are delving into the activities of Trump lobbyist Roger
Stone, who helped develop the ads.

New York defines lobbying as "any attempt to influence the passage or defeat" of
any legislation under consideration at the state or local government level.

New Jersey sources said the Casino Control Commission frequently penalizes
Atlantic City casino operators for questionable out-of-state activities.

Last year, the commission zeroed in on the Florida lobbying activities of
Bally's Entertainment, now known as Park Place Entertainment.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Donald Trump

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                              77 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                              June 11, 2010 Friday

MONEY BRIEFS

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. B14

LENGTH: 621 words


COLUMN: MONEY BRIEFS

EMC lobbying costs

HOPKINTON - Data storage equipment maker EMC Corp. spent $350,000 in the first
quarter lobbying Washington on issues such as taxes, government information
technology spending and computer security.

That was 24 percent less than the $460,000 EMC spent a year earlier, and 27
percent less than the $480,000 it spent on lobbying in 2009's fourth quarter.
The company lobbied Congress, the Office of Management and Budget, the Homeland
Security department, the FBI and other agencies.

The lobbying disclosure form EMC filed with the House clerk's office shows that
Steve Hartell, former legislative director for former Sen. Ernest Hollings,
D-S.C., was among the people who lobbied on EMC's behalf.

Wolf Coach parent

Military contractor L-3 Communications Holdings Inc.'s special support programs
division is temporarily barred from getting new contracts or orders from federal
agencies, L-3 said Wednesday.

New York-based L-3, in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
said that it received a temporary suspension from the Office of the Deputy
General Counsel of the U.S. Air Force last week. The suspension stems from a
government investigation into whether special support programs employees were
using e-mail inappropriately, the company said.

L-3 said it is following through on existing government orders.

L-3 is the parent company of Wolf Coach Inc., which moved from Auburn to Ayer
last year. Wolf Coach makes mobile communication vehicles for public safety
agencies, TV news stations and the Department of Defense.

RXi strategy

WORCESTER - RXi Pharmaceuticals Corp., which is developing medical treatments
based on RNA interference technology, said it will focus its efforts on creating
treatments for the skin and eyes.

The company reported yesterday at an investment conference that it will seek to
select a potential anti-scarring treatment for development this year and a
potential treatment for retinal disorders next year. RXi said it will also study
neurological treatments and potential treatments for liver cancers, and it will
seek partners to advance the work.

Life sciences taxes

WALTHAM - The Massachusetts Life Sciences Center is accepting applications from
companies for the state's 2010 Life Sciences Tax Incentive Program.

The center, the agency overseeing the state's financial programs aimed at
boosting the life sciences industry, can authorize up to $25 million in tax
incentives each year. Nine different tax incentives are available. Last year,
the agency authorized $24.5 million in incentives to 26 companies, nearly half
of them with less than 100 employees.

Applications will be accepted until noon July 2. For information, see
www.masslifesciences.com/taxincentive.html.

New stent available

NATICK - Boston Scientific Corp. said yesterday that it launched its Taxus
Element drug-coated coronary stent in Europe, and that physicians there have
started using the device in surgical procedures.

Stents are mesh-metal devices that are used to prop open arteries after they
have been surgically cleared of fatty plaque. Some stents, including Taxus
Element, are coated with drugs to prevent scar tissue from blocking the artery.
European Union regulators approved the stent last month, Boston Scientific said,
adding that the approval included a specific indication for diabetes patients.

Boston Scientific has a partnership with Angiotech Pharmaceuticals Inc. on the
device. Angiotech said Boston Scientific expects the Food and Drug
Administration to make a decision on Taxus Element by mid-2011, while Japanese
regulators are expected to make a ruling in late 2011 or early 2012. Boston
Scientific has operations in Marlboro.

From local and wire service reports

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EMC lobbying costs HOPKINTON - Data storage equipment maker EMC Corp.
spent $350,000 in the first quarter lobbying Washington on issues such as taxes,
government information technology spending and computer security. That was 24
percent less than the $460,000 EMC spent a year earlier, and 27 percent less
than the $480,000 it spent on lobbying in 2009's fourth quarter. The company
lobbied Congress, the Office of Management and Budget, the Homeland Security
department, the FBI and other agencies.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 22, 1999, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Odd Alliance Drafts Limits On Lobbying

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1076 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Wednesday, Dec. 22


Gov. George E. Pataki and the Democratic majority in the State Assembly agreed
on Tuesday night on a measure to tighten the state's lobbying law, forging an
unusual alliance on an issue that has put lawmakers on the defensive in recent
months.

The measure features several new provisions, including a requirement that
lobbyists in counties and some municipalities disclose their activities for the
first time. But the two sides declined to adopt major new restrictions on the
gifts that lawmakers can accept from lobbyists.

The measure, which the Assembly moved to approve early this morning, received a
cool reception from the Republican majority in the State Senate. Members of both
major parties in the Senate pledged last week to refuse most gifts from
lobbyists, responding to what they said was public cynicism about Albany's
political culture.

The Senate at that time also unanimously passed its own lobbying measure,
setting up a clash among the two houses and the governor that could throw the
regulation of lobbyists into disarray. The current law, which was first approved
in the late 1970's and then repeatedly extended, expires at the end of the
month.

As often occurs in Albany, Mr. Pataki and the assembly speaker, Sheldon Silver,
announced their plan late at night and then moved to have it approved
immediately without any hearings or public debate. The lobbying issue has
percolated in the capital throughout the year, but until Tuesday night, neither
man had detailed their views on how the law should be changed.

The agreement between Mr. Pataki and Mr. Silver represents a surprising turn of
events because the Republican governor typically works closely with the Senate
majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno, an upstate Republican. But Mr. Pataki and Mr.
Silver both found fault with the lobbying legislation that Mr. Bruno pushed
through the Senate last week, bringing them together on a compromise.

Mr. Pataki did not like a provision in the Senate bill that would require more
disclosure of lobbying of state agencies, which he controls. Mr. Silver, who has
often defended the practice of lawmakers accepting gifts from lobbyists,
disliked the gift restrictions in the Bruno bill.

With little time left before the law expires, it is unclear how the governor and
the two majorities will come together on a single measure. There was some
speculation around the Statehouse that Mr. Pataki would persuade Mr. Bruno to
embrace the Assembly bill by arguing that it contained enough teeth in it for
the Legislature to assert that it was championing reform.

The propriety of accepting lobbyists' gifts has become a flash point in the
talks over the lobbying law because of reports about the extensive efforts by
Philip Morris, the cigarette giant, to win favor in the Legislature by treating
members to meals and other gifts.

Under current law, lawmakers are prohibited from accepting gifts of $75 or more
if it can be reasonably inferred that the gifts were intended to influence. The
law, though, is generally not enforced, and no lawmaker has ever been punished
for violating it.

The measure supported by the governor and speaker would prohibit all gifts of
$75 or more, doing away with the need to determine intent.

In addition to the provision regulating local lobbying, the measure would give
the state lobbying commission the authority to conduct random audits of
lobbyists' records, increase penalties for violations of the law and impose more
disclosure requirements on lobbyists and clients.

The measure would not require more reporting of lobbying of state agencies, a
move backed by Mr. Bruno but opposed by Mr. Pataki. Mr. Bruno did not support
granting the lobbying commission audit power, and Mr. Pataki and Mr. Silver
highlighted that provision in their bill as evidence of its strength.

Mr. Pataki said in a statement that the bill, which was also backed by Assembly
Republicans, represented "real reform that will build public confidence in our
government." Mr. Silver said it would "help restore the public's trust in
government."

Mr. Bruno declined to comment on the substance of the bill, other than to say
that the Senate had no plans at this point to act on it.

Blair Horner, an expert on the lobbying law who is legislative director for the
New York Public Interest Research Group, called the measure inadequate. "We're
shocked that the Assembly refuses to give up the goodies from lobbyists," Mr.
Horner said, "and we can't understand why the governor doesn't want the public
to know who's lobbying the state agencies."

Erik Joerss, lobbying director at another advocacy group, Common Cause New York,
said the measure would not help Albany's reputation. "It's inexcusable that the
speaker and the governor would ignore a central cause of the biggest lobby
scandal in our state's history," he said, "and insist that the wining and dining
of legislators by lobbyists continue."

The leaders of both houses had planned to renew the current lobbying law, which
has been derided by some advocacy groups and lawmakers as weak and outmoded. But
they felt compelled to strengthen it after the disclosures about Philip Morris.

The New York Times reported in July that that a Philip Morris lobbyist had spent
hundreds of thousands of dollars on gifts, including expensive meals and theater
tickets, for at least 115 current and former legislators. The lobbyist, Sharon
T. Portnoy, had also failed to report much of that spending to the lobbying
commission, in violation of state law. The company later agreed to pay a $75,000
fine, the largest in the commission's history, and Ms. Portnoy paid a $15,000
fine and was banned from lobbying on the state level for three years.

Mr. Bruno responded with his plan last week, proposing a ban on lawmakers
accepting meals from lobbyists, as well as gifts worth more than $25. The rule
would include some exceptions. His plan also would extend the disclosure rules
to lobbying of state agencies for contracts, an area of vast expenditure that is
now beyond public scrutiny, and to lobbying of local governments.

When Democrats questioned his sincerity in proposing his bill, which Mr. Silver
rejected outright, Mr. Bruno said the Senate Republicans would voluntarily abide
by its provisions, and even make them the official rules of the chamber. The
Senate Democrats quickly followed suit, pressuring Mr. Silver and the Assembly
to take action.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              79 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            February 13, 2011 Sunday

Tech companies boost spending on lobbying

BYLINE: Mike Swift San Jose Mercury News

SECTION: B; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 462 words


by the numbers How much some tech companies spent on lobbying in 2010: * Cisco
Systems Inc.: $2 million. * Facebook Inc.: $351,000. * Google Inc.: $5.2
million. * Hewlett-Packard Co: $6.5 million. * Microsoft Corp.: $6.9 million. *
Oracle Corp.: $4.9 million. * Verizon Communications Inc.: $16.8 million. *
Yahoo Inc.: $2.2 million. Source: U.S. Senate Office of Public Records

SAN JOSE, Calif. - Google Inc., Facebook Inc. and other tech companies are
spending growing amounts of money to make sure their names - and business
interests - stay prominent in the minds of lawmakers and officials.

Google in 2010 spent $5.2 million on lobbying in Washington, a 28 percent
increase over 2009 and nearly 2½ times what the Mountain View, Calif., company
spent just four years ago, according to lobbying reports recently filed with the
U.S. Senate.

"Google is really trying to become a big player on the Washington scene," said
John Simpson of Consumer Watchdog, a frequent critic of the company. "I think
all of Silicon Valley is trying to have a bigger voice in Washington. I think
they have realized there are a lot of issues there that are really affecting
them."

Indeed, Hewlett-Packard Co., Yahoo Inc. and Cisco Systems Inc. also boosted
spending on lobbying in 2010. Facebook's lobbying costs increased by 69 percent,
although the Palo Alto, Calif., social network spent only $351,390 - a fraction
of what many other Silicon Valley companies spent.

Even Apple, never a big player in Washington, increased its lobbying budget by
7.3 percent to $1.6 million in 2010, and recently hired the well-connected
lobbying firm of Fierce, Isakowitz & Blalock to push its interests in
Washington. An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment, saying the hiring and its
lobbying budget were "a matter of public record."

With Google facing antitrust scrutiny in Washington and Congress discussing
tighter regulation of online privacy that could affect its online advertising
business, the Internet giant appears to be moving aggressively to defend its
interests.

Google's team of 11 lobbyists fanned out through Congress, the Federal Trade
Commission and other agencies in 2010 to influence the government's proposed
regulation of online privacy and Internet advertising, along with antitrust and
workplace issues relating to "openness and competition in the online services
market," according to Google's fourth-quarter federal lobbying disclosure
report.

While Google's spending is dwarfed by the lobbying budgets of the big telecom
companies - Verizon Communications spent $16.8 million in 2010 - the company now
spends more on lobbying than much bigger Silicon Valley companies such as Cisco
Systems, Intel and Oracle. As recently as 2007, Google spent just $1.5 million
on lobbying Washington.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 22, 1998, Thursday, Final Edition

Not an Academic Question

Bill McAllister

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A23; SPECIAL INTERESTS; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 874 words



It probably will come as a surprise to many lawmakers, but the Chronicle of
Higher Education reports that only 75 of the nation's top 475 private colleges
and universities told the Internal Revenue Service that they spent any money on
lobbying.

Many academics find IRS guidelines on reporting "fuzzy and confusing," the
publication said. But it also suggested that many colleges "try to reveal as
little as possible because they seem embarrassed to be doing it [lobbying]."

No. 1 on the spending list was Boston University, which reported spending $
846,993 in the last half of 1996 and the first half of 1997, the period
surveyed. Virtually all of BU's lobbying money went to Cassidy and Associates,
the Washington lobbying giant that has made a specialty of getting federal money
earmarked for colleges.

The smallest expense the Chronicle unearthed came from Southern Methodist
University, which listed only $ 600 in expenses. Princeton University, which the
Chronicle said maintains a five-member staff in Washington, listed its expenses
at $ 35,000. A Princeton spokesman said the dollar figure is correct but the
Washington staff numbers only three.

The only universities in the D.C. area listed by the Chronicle as acknowledging
lobbying expenses were George Washington University, which told the IRS it spent
$ 333,211, and Georgetown University, which listed $ 163,603.

How the colleges fill out their Form 990s is important because any one that
commits a "substantial part" of its funds to influence legislation risks the
loss of its nonprofit status. Many of the colleges rely on an IRS definition
that calls lobbying "direct contact" with officials for the purpose of
influencing legislation, the Chronicle said. That excludes seeking federal
contracts, informing campus officials about the status of legislation and trying
to limit government regulations. Obviously, there's a lot of that and "strategic
thinking" among academics these days.


Helping Hands for Beverly Hills


Speaking of schools, how can a community that brags of having one of the highest
teacher pay scales in California -- starting pay at $ 31,840 -- ask for federal
aid? The Beverly Hills Unified School District has done just that.

It hired the Washington law firm of Brady & Berliner to get about $ 5 million
from the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Seems like the folks in Zip code
90210 would like FEMA to pony up for school damage suffered in the Northridge
earthquake of 1994. Working the issue on a bicoastal basis are Burt Margolin,
former chief of staff to Rep. Henry A. Waxman (D-Calif.), who is handling the
action in Los Angeles, and Carla Kish, a former aide to Sen. Carl M. Levin
(D-Mich.), who is working on FEMA here.


Now Cooking With Gas


Richard D. "Rick" Shelby, the GOP political consultant who helped coordinate the
famed "Harry and Louise" ads against the Clinton health initiative, is joining
the American Gas Association as senior vice president of public affairs. Shelby
plans to close his political consulting firm, Rick Shelby and Associates, and
join AGA on Nov. 9, just after the midterm elections.

Although Shelby has worked in various GOP campaigns, he is best known among
lobbyists for his role as senior vice president of government and political
affairs at the Health Insurance Association of America. While there, he helped
run HIAA's widely acclaimed campaign against President Clinton's effort to
create a new government health system.


Called to AT&T


Peter Jacoby, a member of the Clinton White House legislative affairs staff and
former aide to the late Rep. Mike Synar (D-Okla.), is one of four new hires in
the AT&T lobby office. Also joining the AT&T congressional affairs team are:
James L. Johnson Jr., a lawyer at Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld and deputy
director of congressional affairs for the 1996 campaign of Robert J. Dole; and
Stephanie J. Markiewicz, another Akin, Gump lawyer who was an aide to former
Massachusetts governor Michael S. Dukakis (D).

Leonard J. Cali, a senior AT&T attorney at company headquarters in Basking
Ridge, N.J., is moving here as vice president and director of federal regulatory
affairs. He will focus on the telephone company's dealings with the Federal
Communications Commission and Justice Department.


Pushing a Nonprofit Proposal


Frustrated by the Internal Revenue Service's rejection of its plan to pay
stipends to retirees who agree to work for nonprofits, The Washington Post Co.
has turned to Baker, Donelson, Bearman & Caldwell for help.

Keith Kennedy, a former staff director at the Senate Appropriations Committee
and senior public policy adviser at the law firm, among others, will urge
Congress to approve legislation next year allowing the newspaper to give
six-month fellowships of $ 2,500 a month to its retirees who work for charitable
groups. A variety of former Hill and administration aides -- Republican and
Democratic -- are also on the Baker, Donelson team, including Kevin Jones, John
Kinney, Janet Powell, James Range and John Tuck. The firm is home to former
Republican senator Howard H. Baker Jr. (Tenn.).

Bill McAllister's e-mail address is mcallistebwashpost.com


LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              81 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             December 22, 1982, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

THE REGION;
Changes Sought In Lobbying Laws

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section B; Page 5, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 152 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, Dec. 21


The State Attorney General's office and the Election Law Enforcement Commission
announced a series of recommendations today designed to tighten New Jersey's
lobbying laws.

''We found meaningful disclosure is not maintained,'' said Scott Wiener, the
commission's executive director. ''Public confidence is undermined and ill
served by the current methods of financial disclosure.''

The recommendations, which must be approved by the Legislature, call for
quarterly, instead of annual, reports of lobbying activities and would require
more detailed explanations of efforts to influence legislation.

The changes would also expand the definition of lobbying to include general
''good will'' lobbying efforts, such as buying a lawmaker dinner or giving him
tickets to a ball game, even if no bill is directly involved.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              82 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         North Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                                 March 8, 2004

North Carolina Lawyers In the News: March 8, 2004

BYLINE: North Carolina Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 779  words


Raleigh lawyer Bill Scoggin, a partner and co-chair of Kennedy Covington's
governmental relations practice group, has been appointed by Secretary of State
Elaine Marshall to the advisory council on legislative lobbying policy and
regulation. The council was created to study current lobbying laws in North
Carolina and other states, the administration of the state's lobbying law and
the constitutional aspects of the regulation of lobbying activity. The council
will produce a report containing findings and recommendations for improvement in
the state's regulatory framework. Scoggin is also president of the N. C.
Professional Lobbyists Association....

Nancy E. Gordon of Durham has been elected president of the North Carolina
chapter of the American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers for 2004. Other chapter
officers are Howard Gum of Asheville, president-elect, Lynn Burleson of Raleigh,
treasurer and Jaye S. Meyer of Raleigh, secretary. The AAML is a 1,600-member
national organization of family law specialists in the United States and Canada.
The state chapter has 27 members, all of whom are board certified in family law,
and many of whom are certified family law arbitrators and mediators.

Fourth Circuit Judge Allyson Duncan was the keynote speaker at the annual
scholarship banquet of the Black Law Student Association of the Wake Forest
University School of Law. Duncan, the first African American to serve on the
Fourth Circuit, also became the first African American president of the N.C. Bar
Association. The BLSA banquet was started 19 years ago to raise money for
minority scholarships.

Julie Stubblefield has become a partner in the Asheboro general practice firm
now named Bunch, Robins & Stubblefield.

Former Rockingham County assistant district attorney Sandra Pugh has retired
after 30 years employment by the state of North Carolina. At her Rockingham
County post more than 13 years, she held the same post in McDowell County, and
was for 11 years a probation officer working out of Randolph County. A sociology
major in undergraduate school, she decided to return to law school at Campbell
while working as an administrative assistant to the Randolph County DA. In a
Reidsville Review article, Pugh recalled that she prosecuted a wide range of
cases, including the one of a man charged with setting his own house on fire.
"The jury came back with not guilty," Pugh said. "The jury was hugging the
defendant and crying. I thought to myself, 'this is pretty bad. ' I wanted to
crawl underneath the desk," she told the Review. With no plans after retirement,
she said she might become her brother's assistant on his tobacco farm.

The Salisbury firms of Emanuel & Dunn and Dunn & Dunn have merged into the firm
of Emanuel & Dunn, and will handle civil litigation, transactional law, contract
and employment law, real estate, estate planning and probate.

Mebane attorney and city council member Patricia D. "Patty " Philipps was
featured in a recent issue of the Alamance News. In Mebane since 1992, Phillips
was a stay-at-home mom for her two pre-teens until about 18 months ago, when she
opened her own law practice. She also has been singing as a member and soloist
in the 150-member Duke Chapel Choir for 15 years. During that time, she has
performed around the world, including Poland, the Czech Republic and China. Some
of the choir members sang the Chinese national anthem at the Great Wall, "just
to say they had done it. " A voice major in college, she recently returned to
playing the violin, and joins her daughter in duets at home. Philipps said her
family enjoys boating and skiing in Colorado, where she grew up. She went to law
school at N.C. Central University.

In Hickory, Shirley Herman Anthony and E. Murray Tate have formed Anthony &
Tate, and will handle wills, trusts and estates, real estate and general
business law. Anthony will also continue her emphasis on elder law. Anthony is a
member of the board of First Citizens and the Lenoir Rhyne Planned Giving
Council. Tate is a former president of he N.C. Municipal Attorneys Association,
was a prosecutor and judge in Hickory's Municipal Court, and was Hickory's city
attorney for 26 years. Both are Wake Forest law school graduates.

The Wake County Academy of Criminal Trial Lawyers held a fund-raiser for Wake
Teen Medical Services, according to Raleigh lawyer Ronnie Ansley. Co-sponsored
by the District Court judges, the beer and barbecue event netted nearly $3,500
to be used counseling troubled teens

Kathleen Quinn DuBois has joined Crumley & Associates, where she will
concentrate in workers' compensation law. A Wake Forest law grad, she was
previously in practice at Womble Carlyle.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            November 28, 2011 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Spending on lobbyists by banks on the rise

BYLINE: By Andrew Dunn - McCLATCHY NEWSPAPERS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 562 words

DATELINE: CHARLOTTE, N.C.


The money banks spend on lobbying is on pace to reach a record high again this
year as the industry battles to weaken or repeal hundreds of rules being crafted
by federal regulators.

Lobbying outlays by the five biggest spenders in the commercial banking sector
increased 12 percent in the first three quarters of 2011 over the same period
last year, a Charlotte Observer analysis of federal lobbying disclosure records
shows.

Wells Fargo & Co., in particular, is turning into a major player in Washington.
The San Francisco-based bank's spending on lobbying is up 80 percent in the
first three quarters of the year, compared with the same period in 2010.

"If these firms and these organizations keep spending money at the rate they've
been spending it, they will shoot through the ceiling again this year," said
Michael Beckel, spokesman for the research group Center for Responsive Politics,
which tracks federal lobbying.

At this time last year, the commercial banking industry had spent about $42
million on lobbying, the center's data show. So far this year, the figure stands
at nearly $47 million.

Should this year's pace continue, 2011 will be the sixth straight year that
commercial bank lobbying has set a record, according to the center.

A Wells Fargo spokeswoman said that while the bank is transparent with the
figures it must disclose, it doesn't comment on lobbying strategy or philosophy.

What's driving banks' increased spending is a growing array of new federal
regulations, mostly stemming from the Dodd-Frank financial reform law. Since it
passed last year, federal agencies have been scrambling to write more than 300
new rules, from the cap on swipe fees merchants pay on debit transactions to the
terms of a ban on proprietary trading known as the Volcker Rule.

"What you're seeing are dramatic shifts," said Marty Mosby, an analyst with
financial services firm Guggenheim Securities. "It was a time to be out there
explaining the story."

But consumer advocates decry the banking industry's influence on the legislative
process.

"Most ordinary Americans don't have lobbyists that they're sending a paycheck
to, but all of the major banks and financial institutions do," Beckel said.

After the 2008 financial crisis that thrust the country into recession, Congress
began to develop legislation to strengthen consumer protections and lessen the
systemic risk of bank failure. The result was Dodd-Frank, which President Obama
signed in July 2010.

Even as agencies hammer out the details, the law has emerged as a hot topic on
the campaign trail, with candidates for the Republican presidential nomination
arguing the government overstepped its authority.

At the same time, U.S. and international regulators are drawing up new capital
requirements for banks. Mortgage servicing issues have come to the forefront as
banks battle legal proceedings.

And seizing on the anti-bank sentiment epitomized by the Occupy Wall Street
movement, some Democratic lawmakers have introduced bills that would cap loan
interest rates and mandate a standardized fee disclosure form.

That all leaves the banks anxious to be heard.

"They are trying to slow new regulations down, sometimes nip them in the bud
before they are even floated as an idea," Beckel said. "There's a lot that these
banks are interested in, and they want to make sure that they get as favorable
treatment as possible."

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 998 DOCUMENTS


           Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Florida)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Okaloosa wants new lobbying firm to pitch its interests in Tallahassee

BYLINE: Kari C. Barlow, Northwest Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 310 words


April 13--Okaloosa County might be in the market for a new lobbying firm to
represent its interest in Tallahassee.

The county's current lobbying contract, held by the Washington, D.C.-based
Advocacy Group, expires Sept. 30. Commissioners recently agreed to accept new
bids for the contract and formed a selection committee to review the proposals.

Commissioner Nathan Boyles said the services of a well-connected lobbying firm
are vital.

"Over the last couple of years, I have come to see the need for having a good
advocate in Tallahassee -- and someone who's well in tune with the dynamics that
move so rapidly in Tallahassee -- to watch out for the interests of our
citizens," he said.

Boyles said he'd like to see a lobbying firm dedicated to representing primarily
public entities.

"A diversity of clients can mean a diversity of interests and not all of those
interests are going to be aligned with the citizens of a local government," he
said.

Boyles also expressed some dissatisfaction with the existing county contract.

"I am not happy with the current status of our representation," he said.

County Commission Chairman Kelly Windes said he's been pleased with the Advocacy
Group's efforts and simply wants a firm that will continue to keep the county
well informed.

"From where I sit, I've been happy," he said. "(Tallahassee) is pretty
complicated, and there's a lot of moving parts to the legislation."

The search committee for the lobbying firm is comprised of County Administrator
John Hofstad, County Commissioner Carolyn Ketchel, Chief Corrections Officer
Stefan Vaughn, Human Resources Director GinNeal McVay and Water and Sewer
Director Jeff Littrell.

___ (c)2016 the Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) Visit the
Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) at www.nwfdailynews.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160413-FO-Okaloosa-wants-new-lobbying
-firm-to-pitch-its-interests-in-Tallahassee-0413-20160413

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FO


                  Copyright 2016 Northwest Florida Daily News


                              85 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              April 4, 1993 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

STATES' LOBBYISTS MINE FEDERAL CASH

BYLINE: By SCOTT SHEPARD, Palm Beach Post Washington Bureau

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 987 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


With their own budgets increasingly strained by demands for services,

states and cities have stepped up their lobbying of the federal government in a
challenging search for money amid the deficit ruins.

Most do it through tax-supported offices whose employees are exempt from

the registration requirements of non-government lobbyists. Their budgets often
are spread throughout several state agencies, making it difficult to calculate
just how much governments are spending to lobby government.

"It's outrageous," said Nancy Watzman, a policy analyst at Public

Citizen's Congress Watch, a non-profit research organization founded by

consumer advocate Ralph Nader to monitor congressional activities.

"These offices are often full-fledged lobbying efforts involved in areas

where real boondoggles take place, and there's absolutely no requirement that
they disclose their activities to the public," Watzman said.

Even under reform legislation proposed by Sen. Carl Levin, D-Mich., and

backed by President Clinton, state employees involved in lobbying Congress or
the administration would continue to be exempt from registering.

But a boondoggle is in the eye of the beholder. And lobbying, by any other name,
is not considered lobbying, at least by those who practice it.

"I don't use the word `lobbying.' I use the word `interpreting,' " said Debby
Kilmer, who heads Florida's office in Washington. "Because the

Tallahassee process is far different from the Washington process, our main job
is to interpret both ways."

Kilmer's counterparts in other state offices have similar ways of

describing their activities without saying "lobbying."

"We serve as liaison between Washington and Columbus," said Tom Needles,

director of Ohio's office in Washington, "and as advocates on behalf of the

state."

"We're basically a traffic cop," said Georgia's Ed Kilgore. "We focus

on making sure that everybody knows what everybody else is doing. We spend

more time responding to questions from our congressional delegation than

lobbying them."

On the other hand, Jane Hickie of Texas, in true Lone Star State style,

freely boasts of the "lobbying" effort she directs on behalf of Gov. Ann

Richards and the Texas Legislature.

Texas' Washington office is the envy of every state. With 17 people and an
annual budget of $900,000, Hickie's office mines every cent available from the
federal government with unequaled vigor.

Even California, with the largest congressional delegation in U.S.

history, is no match for Texas in lobbying the federal government, largely

because of the Golden State's political and economic diversity.

"Our job is to help Texas get what Texas needs," Hickie said.

This year, Hickie's office claims credit for corralling nearly $9 billion in
federal money, about $2.5 billion more than the quota-- she calls them

"performance measures"-- established by statute by the Texas legislature.

Federal money, in fact, is second only to the state sales tax as a source of
revenue for Texas. And Hickie's assignment is to make the federal

government the top revenue source for the state budget.

Currently, at least 26 states, 90 cities and 17 counties have offices in

Washington.

Texas and Florida were among the first states to set up permanent offices in
Washington. That happened during the Johnson administration when federal

dollars were flowing freely to the states.

Florida has a staff of five and an annual budget of $355,248. In addition, the
Florida Education Department details one person to the office and the

Florida Department of Veterans Affairs has a contract employee there.

Ohio and Georgia waited until the Nixon administration. And while Ohio's

operation has grown from one person to six staffers and an annual budget of

about $400,000, Georgia shifted its operations back to Atlanta in 1984 and now
involves only two people working out of the governor's office.

Federal grants are high on every state's list.

Florida's office alerts the appropriate state agencies about grants even

before the application process has been established. And since Hurricane

Andrew, its workload in grant applications has nearly doubled.

To improve its grant process, Ohio set up a computerized tracking system

last year, the first of its kind among state offices. The result: an increase
from $30 million in 1991 to $50 million in 1992.

But the real behind-the-scenes lobbying duels between the states is not

over grants but over the complicated formulas negotiated in congressional

committees for financing federal programs.

Such formulas usually take into account each state's population and

resources. But they can-- and often are-- manipulated in such a manner that

they benefit the senior committee members' states.

A classic example is the current fight lawmakers from Texas and Florida

are having with Sen. Ted Kennedy, D-Mass., chairman of the Senate Education

and Labor Commission, over $7.5 billion in federal aid to low-income students.
Under Kennedy's formula, the money flows mostly to states with more

expansive welfare programs than Texas and Florida and to states that have

higher per-student spending levels than the two states.

"The reason we don't get federal dollars commensurate with our population is the
U.S. Constitution, which allows even little biddy tiny states to have

two U.S. senators," Hickie said.

"Were it not for that we'd have a different kettle of fish," she said.

"But the states that are growing have a very tough fight on our hands with

states in the Northeast and Midwest who are losing population but don't want

to give up the money."

STATE LOBBYISTS

States that list offices in Washington:

Alabama

Alaska

California

Connecticut

Delaware

Florida

Hawaii

Illinois

Iowa

Kentucky

Maryland

Massachusetts

Michigan

Minnesota

Missouri

Nevada

New Jersey

New York

North Carolina

Ohio

Pennsylvania

South Carolina

Texas

Utah

Virginia

Wisconsin

In addition, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands have

offices in Washington.

SOURCE: National Journal's Capital Source directory

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Info box at end of story. Story ran all editions.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             April 19, 2010 Monday

Thrasher denies lobbying for testing;
He and the companies claim no connection between him and bill.

BYLINE: MATT DIXON

SECTION: Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 319 words


Two out-of-state companies that offer education testing paid a lobbying firm
where state Sen. John Thrasher was a partner between $60,000 and $190,000 over a
two-year period, state records indicate.

During the current legislative session, Thrasher, a St. Augustine Republican,
sponsored Senate Bill 6, which, among other things, would have required school
districts to develop or acquire end-of-course assessment tests.

After drawing stiff criticism from educators and teachers' unions, the bill was
vetoed Thursday by Gov. Charlie Crist.

Thrasher left the lobbying firm, Southern Strategy, in 2009 and has denied
personally lobbying on behalf of the testing companies.

"I never had any connection to [the testing companies]," he said. "I was bought
out last May and don't even have any connection with them anymore."

The companies - Ohio-based IQ Innovations and New Jersey-based Educational
Testing Service - say the lobbying Southern Strategy did on their behalf was
unrelated to Thrasher's bill.

IQ Innovations paid between $60,000 and $150,000 to Southern Strategy in 2008
and 2009, and Educational Testing Service paid the firm between $4 and $40,000
over the same period, according to state compensation reports. Lobbying firms
are only required to report a range of payments received from clients.

The companies are still clients of Southern Strategy, but 2010 compensation
reports are not yet filed with the state.

Southern Strategy founder Paul Bradshaw declined comment, saying it's company
policy to not speak to the media about clients.

In 2009, Thrasher reported more than $1.5 million in income from Southern
Strategy. Included in that amount is a $695,169 buyout, $614,613 in stock sales
and $190,509 in salary, according to financial disclosure reports.

Lobbyists for Southern Strategy gave more than $7,200 to Thrasher's campaign
when he ran for his Senate seat in 2009.

matt.dixon@jacksonville.com

(904) 359-4174

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Mug: Thrasher

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Florida Times-Union


                              87 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            March 14, 2012 Wednesday

GolinHarris turns in its K Street badge

BYLINE: By Kevin Bogardus

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 794 words


GolinHarris is getting out of the lobbying business.

The public-affairs firm is shifting its lobbying work over to Cassidy &
Associates, a sister company likewise owned by the Interpublic Group.

GolinHarris filed termination reports for at least 10 different companies,
schools and associations last quarter, apparently wiping its lobbying client
roster clean, according to disclosure records.

Meanwhile, the firm has moved its offices from Arlington, Va., to a brand-new
building in downtown Washington shared by Cassidy and other Interpublic-owned
companies.

Susan Corscini, a managing director at GolinHarris, said 2011 was a great year
for the firm, but clients wanted a different kind of lobbying.

â*oeOur public-affairs, consumer and social-marketing practices all experienced
growth over the years and, in fact, 2011 marked the most successful year for
GolinHarrisâ*[TM]s D.C. office,â[#x20ac] she said. â[#x20ac]oeHowever, over
those same years, we saw a marked change in the types of governmental-affairs
services our clients desired.â[#x20ac]

She said the firm felt Cassidy, one of K Streetâ*[TM]s biggest earners, was
better equipped to meet clientsâ[#x20ac][TM] lobbying needs.

â*oeWhen our lobbyist left in January, we made a strategic business decision to
offer lobbying and other [government-relations] services through our sister
agency Cassidy & Associates,â[#x20ac] she said. â[#x20ac]oeAs one of Washington,
D.C.â[#x20ac][TM]s leading full-service federal government-relations firms, we
feel collaborating with Cassidy will better meet the needs of our
clients.â[#x20ac]

GolinHarris earned almost $1.1 million in lobbying fees for 2011, according to
lobbying disclosure records. Thatâ*[TM]s a significant decline from 2010, when
the firm earned $2.1 million in lobbying revenue.

A Cassidy spokesman confirmed that the firm will be collaborating with
GolinHarris on lobbying work and referred other questions to that firm.

Senior staff members at GolinHarris have left to work elsewhere.

Mike Fulton, once head of GolinHarrisâ*[TM]s government-relations practice, has
opened up a Washington office for the Arnold Agency, a West Virginia ad firm.
Another senior GolinHarris executive, Lane Bailey, left in November 2011 and
founded his own firm, Advocom Group. And Kathryn Seck, a former lobbyist at
GolinHarris, now works at public-relations giant Waggener Edstrom Worldwide.

Some of GolinHarrisâ*[TM]s former lobbying clients have gone with them.

Fulton on Monday said four clients â*" the National Insulation Association,
Northampton Community College, Southeast Missouri State University and Education
is Freedom, a Dallas-based nonprofit â[#x20ac]" would be following him from
GolinHarris to Arnold.

Fulton declined to comment when asked about GolinHarrisâ*[TM]s lobbying
terminations.

Bailey said he plans to register to lobby for a number of clients at Advocom,
including T-Mobile, for which he worked while at GolinHarris.

Tony Russo, T-Mobileâ*[TM]s vice president of federal legislative affairs, said
sticking with Bailey made sense.

â*oeHe has started his own strategy group, and we just transferred to
that,â[#x20ac] Russo said. â[#x20ac]oeIn reality, nothing has changed in terms
of who we are using.â[#x20ac]

Bailey said GolinHarris might have decided it no longer wishes to lobby, but its
core business has always been public affairs.

â*oeThey may have made a specific strategic decision to get out of the lobbying
business, but that shouldnâ[#x20ac][TM]t be confused with the core part of the
business, which is public affairs,â[#x20ac] Bailey said. â[#x20ac]oeAs to the
why and the reasoning, you will have to speak to the agency about that.â[#x20ac]

Asked why he left, Bailey said he wanted to start his own firm.

â*oeI left because I fully intended to start my own shop for a very long time.
That opportunity came along in 2011,â* Bailey said.

Bailey said he is still under contract with GolinHarris to counsel clients with
which he had a relationship while he was at that firm. He said he does
public-affairs work for these clients, but does not lobby for them.

Seck said she left GolinHarris because joining her new firm was an appealing
opportunity.

â*oeI came to Waggener Edstrom because it was a great opportunity to work with
leading brands in their public-affairs practice, which includes dynamic
organizations in the technology, energy and sustainability spaces,â[#x20ac] Seck
said.

Some former lobbying clients of GolinHarris are shifting gears to find new K
Street representation.

â*oeWe put [GolinHarrisâ[#x20ac][TM]s government-relations] work up for rebid
last fall and we are currently still in the middle of that process,â[#x20ac]
said Laura Reimers, vice president of communications for the National Industries
for the Blind.

Other clients that GolinHarris filed termination reports for last quarter are
Dow Chemical Co., the National Cable & Telecommunications Association, St.
Maryâ*[TM]s Medical Center and Waters Corp.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2012 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            March 14, 2012 Wednesday

GolinHarris turns in its K Street badge

BYLINE: By Kevin Bogardus

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 794 words


GolinHarris is getting out of the lobbying business.

The public-affairs firm is shifting its lobbying work over to Cassidy &
Associates, a sister company likewise owned by the Interpublic Group.

GolinHarris filed termination reports for at least 10 different companies,
schools and associations last quarter, apparently wiping its lobbying client
roster clean, according to disclosure records.

Meanwhile, the firm has moved its offices from Arlington, Va., to a brand-new
building in downtown Washington shared by Cassidy and other Interpublic-owned
companies.

Susan Corscini, a managing director at GolinHarris, said 2011 was a great year
for the firm, but clients wanted a different kind of lobbying.

â*oeOur public-affairs, consumer and social-marketing practices all experienced
growth over the years and, in fact, 2011 marked the most successful year for
GolinHarrisâ*[TM]s D.C. office,â[#x20ac] she said. â[#x20ac]oeHowever, over
those same years, we saw a marked change in the types of governmental-affairs
services our clients desired.â[#x20ac]

She said the firm felt Cassidy, one of K Streetâ*[TM]s biggest earners, was
better equipped to meet clientsâ[#x20ac][TM] lobbying needs.

â*oeWhen our lobbyist left in January, we made a strategic business decision to
offer lobbying and other [government-relations] services through our sister
agency Cassidy & Associates,â[#x20ac] she said. â[#x20ac]oeAs one of Washington,
D.C.â[#x20ac][TM]s leading full-service federal government-relations firms, we
feel collaborating with Cassidy will better meet the needs of our
clients.â[#x20ac]

GolinHarris earned almost $1.1 million in lobbying fees for 2011, according to
lobbying disclosure records. Thatâ*[TM]s a significant decline from 2010, when
the firm earned $2.1 million in lobbying revenue.

A Cassidy spokesman confirmed that the firm will be collaborating with
GolinHarris on lobbying work and referred other questions to that firm.

Senior staff members at GolinHarris have left to work elsewhere.

Mike Fulton, once head of GolinHarrisâ*[TM]s government-relations practice, has
opened up a Washington office for the Arnold Agency, a West Virginia ad firm.
Another senior GolinHarris executive, Lane Bailey, left in November 2011 and
founded his own firm, Advocom Group. And Kathryn Seck, a former lobbyist at
GolinHarris, now works at public-relations giant Waggener Edstrom Worldwide.

Some of GolinHarrisâ*[TM]s former lobbying clients have gone with them.

Fulton on Monday said four clients â*" the National Insulation Association,
Northampton Community College, Southeast Missouri State University and Education
is Freedom, a Dallas-based nonprofit â[#x20ac]" would be following him from
GolinHarris to Arnold.

Fulton declined to comment when asked about GolinHarrisâ*[TM]s lobbying
terminations.

Bailey said he plans to register to lobby for a number of clients at Advocom,
including T-Mobile, for which he worked while at GolinHarris.

Tony Russo, T-Mobileâ*[TM]s vice president of federal legislative affairs, said
sticking with Bailey made sense.

â*oeHe has started his own strategy group, and we just transferred to
that,â[#x20ac] Russo said. â[#x20ac]oeIn reality, nothing has changed in terms
of who we are using.â[#x20ac]

Bailey said GolinHarris might have decided it no longer wishes to lobby, but its
core business has always been public affairs.

â*oeThey may have made a specific strategic decision to get out of the lobbying
business, but that shouldnâ[#x20ac][TM]t be confused with the core part of the
business, which is public affairs,â[#x20ac] Bailey said. â[#x20ac]oeAs to the
why and the reasoning, you will have to speak to the agency about that.â[#x20ac]

Asked why he left, Bailey said he wanted to start his own firm.

â*oeI left because I fully intended to start my own shop for a very long time.
That opportunity came along in 2011,â* Bailey said.

Bailey said he is still under contract with GolinHarris to counsel clients with
which he had a relationship while he was at that firm. He said he does
public-affairs work for these clients, but does not lobby for them.

Seck said she left GolinHarris because joining her new firm was an appealing
opportunity.

â*oeI came to Waggener Edstrom because it was a great opportunity to work with
leading brands in their public-affairs practice, which includes dynamic
organizations in the technology, energy and sustainability spaces,â[#x20ac] Seck
said.

Some former lobbying clients of GolinHarris are shifting gears to find new K
Street representation.

â*oeWe put [GolinHarrisâ[#x20ac][TM]s government-relations] work up for rebid
last fall and we are currently still in the middle of that process,â[#x20ac]
said Laura Reimers, vice president of communications for the National Industries
for the Blind.

Other clients that GolinHarris filed termination reports for last quarter are
Dow Chemical Co., the National Cable & Telecommunications Association, St.
Maryâ*[TM]s Medical Center and Waters Corp.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2012 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             April 22, 2008 Tuesday
                                 SECOND EDITION

Group wants firms, industries to disclose lobbying expenses Study cites $5
million spent on lobbying by public entities, which must report those fees.

BYLINE: By Kevin McDermott POST-DISPATCH SPRINGFIELD BUREAU

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 707 words

DATELINE: SPRINGFIELD, Ill.


Former Illinois state Rep. Steve Davis no longer gets a legislative salary, but
he's still making money from Metro East taxpayers: Madison County education and
transit officials paid him about $33,000 in the past year to lobby his former
colleagues in state government, records show.

It's part of about $5 million spent in the past fiscal year by cities, counties
and other public entities all over Illinois to lobby Springfield, according to a
new study. They include everything from Southwestern Illinois College ($42,000
spent on lobbyists) to the Collinsville Metropolitan Expositional Authority
($1,500) to the towns of Swansea ($40,000), Millstadt ($30,000) and O'Fallon
($29,000).

It's legal, and common, to use hired guns to push a legislative agenda, even for
public entities.

The Illinois Campaign for Political Reform, which compiled the study and
released it on Monday, found that $223,600 was paid to four lobbying firms by
the Chicago area's Regional Transportation Authority, and $127,257 in lobbying
contracts were paid by the city of Chicago. Individual lobbyists' monthly fees
to the public entities were typically between $1,500 and $3,000, though some
were as high as $12,500.

Those figures were available for the study because public entities are required
to reveal what they pay to lobbyists and other contractors. Private companies or
industries spend far more on lobbyists than do public entities, but they don't
have to report those figures.

The reform group wants Illinois law changed to make that information public.

"What the public doesn't know is what special interests in the private sector
are spending to try to pass or kill legislation," ICPR Director Cynthia Canary
said in a written statement.

The reform group also wants legislation to curb "revolving-door" lobbying, as
when a state legislator or other official leaves public office and immediately
sets up a shop lobbying his or her former elected colleagues. Among proposals is
to institute a "cooling-off" period of six months or a year, during which a
former lawmaker wouldn't be allowed to lobby the Legislature after leaving it.

At the federal level, lobbyists are required to disclose not just their clients,
but also outline their range of fees. Also at the federal level, outgoing
members of Congress aren't allowed to lobby their former congressional
colleagues for one year.

Missouri, like Illinois, doesn't restrict revolving-door lobbying for
legislators, nor does it require lobbyists to disclose their fees.

Davis, a longtime Democratic lawmaker from Bethalto, first registered as a
lobbyist in January 2005, the month after his December 2004 resignation from the
Legislature. His subsequent lobbying contracts have included work for private
entities like ComEd and AT&T, as well as Madison County Transit and the Madison
County Regional Office of Education, both of which are public entities.

The Office of Education provides support services to 13 Madison County school
districts. The office pays Davis $1,000 a month to be its eyes and ears in
Springfield, alerting district officials about legislative issues that could
affect them and talking with his former colleagues in the General Assembly.

"The state representatives that represent our region are great people," but
can't realistically be expected to keep up with every issue facing schools in
Madison County, said Robert Daiber, who heads the Edwardsville-based Office of
Education.

He credits Davis for helping convince lawmakers to maintain hundreds of
thousands of dollars worth of state special-education funding that had been
slated to end. "That's well-invested money" in the lobbying contract, Daiber
said.

Davis on Monday questioned the point of proposed waiting periods on
ex-legislators before they could become lobbyists.

"I was extra careful about not talking to anybody about lobbying until after I
quit (the Legislature)," said Davis, who noted that lining up lobbying business
while still in office is already illegal. "If somebody's going to be corrupt,
they're going to be corrupt."

'What the public doesn't know is what special interests in the private sector
are spending to try to pass or kill legislation.' Cynthia Canary, director of
the Illinois Campaign for Political Reform

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Lobbying law reform pushed in illinois

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO - Davis Ex-lawmaker, now lobbyist

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 29, 2010 Saturday

Report: Rochester's lobbying costs continue to rise

BYLINE: Heather J. Carlson, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 613 words


May 29--The amount of money the city of Rochester pays for state lobbying has
climbed 77 percent over a three-year period, according a new state auditor's
report.

The city's lobbying costs at the Minnesota Legislature have steadily risen from
more than $111,000 in 2006 to nearly $197,000 in 2009. The report also shows
that Rochester spends considerably more on lobbying than other similar-sized
cities. Duluth spent less than half as much as Rochester did in 2009.
Bloomington spent a total of $42,000 and St. Cloud spent less than $11,000.

So why is Rochester shelling out more than other cities?

One major reason in recent years is the city's push to get $32 million from the
state to help fund the Mayo Civic Center expansion, Rochester City Administrator
Steve Kvenvold said. The Legislature this past session approved $28 million for
the project, but Republican Gov. Tim Pawlenty vetoed the item and others in the
bonding bill.

Education on issues

Rochester Mayor Ardell Brede said the city's lobbying is about more than just
getting funding for projects. It is also about helping educate lawmakers on how
legislation will impact the city and making sure that potentially harmful
proposals get blocked.

"In my opinion, it is like doing development work or advertising -- sometimes
you have to do it and it won't pay off today but to not be there at all, I
think, is a huge mistake," Brede said.

For example, this year the Legislature approved $4 million to expand the
National Volleyball Center after years of lobbying work.

A big part of Rochester's lobbying expenses center on its membership in the
Coalition of Greater Minnesota Cities. Rochester paid $111,800 in membership
dues to the coalition. Of that money, nearly $79,000 went toward lobbying.

Cutting costs

Both Duluth and St. Cloud have chosen not be member of the coalition. St. Cloud
City Administrator Mike Williams said it has been about five years since the
city decided to drop its membership in the coalition because of concerns about
its cost.

"It was just a cost-benefit analysis that we did at the time and our new mayor
thought that we could have just as successful an influence on our own," Williams
said.

As a result, Williams said most of the city's lobbying has been done by Mayor
Dave Kleis, who is a former state senator, and himself. The local chamber of
commerce did pay for some additional lobbying to get state dollars for the
expansion of the St. Cloud Civic Center, but it was vetoed, too.

Brede said there is frustration that cities like Duluth and St. Cloud are
reaping the benefits of the coalition's work without paying their fair share.
The coalition has been aggressive in lobbying against Local Government Aid cuts
to cities.

Overall, local governments across Minnesota spent $8.8 million to lobby state
lawmakers. That is nearly a 4 percent increase compared to last year. In 2009,
Olmsted County spent nearly $80,000 and Rochester Public Schools spent more than
$35,000.

There has been discussion this year among Rochester City Council members about
trying to cut down on the lobbying and membership costs. But in the end,
Kvenvold said officials determined it's important for the city to keep up its
presence in St. Paul to keep pushing for the Mayo Civic Center funding.

To see more of the Post-Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.postbulletin.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100529-RC-Report-Rochester-s-lobbying-costs-continue-to-rise-0529

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2010 Post-Bulletin


                              91 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 22, 2001 Thursday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

A CLINTON IN-LAW RECEIVED $400,000 IN 2 PARDON CASES

BYLINE:   By CHRISTOPHER MARQUIS with MICHAEL MOSS

SECTION: Section A; Column 6; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1450 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 21


Former President Bill Clinton's brother-in-law Hugh Rodham received nearly
$400,000 in fees for lobbying for a presidential pardon and a prison commutation
for two wealthy felons, Mr. Rodham's lawyer and other officials said today.

Mr. Rodham, a brother of Hillary Rodham Clinton, was paid the money after the
pardon of Almon Glenn Braswell, a businessman convicted of mail fraud and
perjury in 1983, and the release from prison of Carlos Vignali, a cocaine
trafficker.

President Clinton issued a statement today saying he and Mrs. Clinton were
"deeply disturbed" by news reports about the payments and had demanded that Mr.
Rodham return the money. Mr. Rodham's lawyer said he did that today.

Mr. Clinton did not deny that there had been any lobbying by Mr. Rodham, a Miami
lawyer and former candidate for the United States Senate, or say whether the
lobbying had influenced his clemency decisions, but he said he did not know
about the payments.

"Yesterday I became aware of press inquiries that Hugh Rodham received a
contingency fee in connection with a pardon application for Glenn Braswell and a
fee for work on Carlos Vignali's commutation application," Mr. Clinton's
statement said. "Neither Hillary nor I had any knowledge of such payments. We
are deeply disturbed by these reports and have insisted that Hugh return any
monies received."

In a statement released tonight by her office, Senator Clinton said she was
"disturbed to learn that my brother, Hugh Rodham, received fees in connection
with two clemency applications. He did not speak with me about these
applications."

Her aides said Mrs. Clinton learned about her brother's work on the applications
only on Monday, as a result of inquiries.

The National Enquirer is reporting in its next issue that Mr. Braswell's
company, G.B. Data Systems of Marina del Rey, Calif., wired $200,000 to the
account of Mr. Rodham's Florida law firm on Jan. 22, two days after Mr. Clinton
issued the pardon.

Messages left at the law firm and at Mr. Rodham's home this evening brought no
response.

Fewer details were available on the money returned to Mr. Vignali. His case has
also stirred controversy because his father, a wealthy California entrepreneur,
has deep ties to political leaders in Los Angeles, some of whom wrote to the
White House on his behalf.

The payments to Mr. Rodham are the latest in a string of embarrassments for the
former president stemming from his decision to grant 140 pardons and 36
commutations last month in the final hours of his presidency.

The cases affecting at least two dozen felons bypassed the customary review by
the Justice Department, which normally takes as long as a year to investigate
pardon applications, and were handled directly from the White House.

Besides Mr. Braswell, whose pardon did not go through the customary Justice
Department review, another pardon recipient was Marc Rich, the fugitive
financier, whose former wife, Denise, donated more than a million dollars to
Democratic causes. The Rich pardon is being investigated by federal prosecutors
in New York and in Congress.

A statement issued by Mr. Rodham's lawyer said he returned the money today in
deference to the Clintons' request. The statement said Mr. Rodham did not notify
the Clintons of his efforts on behalf of the two men, and he believed they did
not learn of his activities until this week.

"Hugh Rodham has done absolutely nothing wrong," said the statement, issued by
his lawyer, Nancy Luque. "He has returned these fees solely because his family
asked that he do so. Their request, presumably made because of the appearance of
impropriety, is one he cannot ignore. There was, however, no impropriety in
these matters."

She confirmed that Mr. Rodham received about $400,000 for his work in the cases.
In an interview she added: "Let there be no mistake. He did not speak to either
Clinton at any time about either matter."

Mr. Clinton's pardon of Mr. Braswell had already received special attention
because of complaints by federal prosecutors that it interfered with a criminal
investigation against the 57-year-old Miami businessman. Federal prosecutors in
Los Angeles have been looking into accusations of money laundering and tax
evasion by Mr. Braswell's mail order business selling vitamins and health
supplements.

Earlier this month, Mr. Clinton said he had intended the pardon only to cover
Mr. Braswell's 1983 conviction and had not known that he was the subject of a
pending investigation. In the earlier case, Mr. Braswell was sentenced to three
years in prison for false claims about a treatment for baldness.

A spokeswoman for G.B. Data Systems said the company declined to comment.

Federal prosecutors in Los Angeles are pushing ahead with their criminal
investigation of Mr. Braswell, though they remain concerned that the pardon
could hamper their inquiry into possible money laundering and tax evasion
involving Mr. Braswell's business.

Mr. Braswell's access to the Clinton White House had been largely a mystery.
Over the last two years, he had been a contributor to Republican causes until
G.O.P. workers, including those running the campaign of George W. Bush, learned
of his felony record and returned his donation of $175,000.

A Clinton spokesman said earlier this month that Mr. Braswell had been
represented in his pardon bid by Kendall Coffey, who was on former Vice
President Al Gore's legal team in Florida after the election, but the spokesman
believed that Mr. Coffey had never spoken with Mr. Clinton directly about the
matter. Mr. Coffey has never commented on the matter.

The pardon fees are not the first time the conduct of Mr. Rodham has been
criticized. In 1999, Hugh Rodham and his brother, Tony, set off a diplomatic
controversy after they traveled to the Ajaria region of the Republic of Georgia
to pursue a multimillion-dollar deal to export hazelnuts. The proposed hazelnut
deal set off rivalries between political factions in the Georgian republic and
White House officials, including former national security adviser Sandy Berger,
pressed the Rodham brothers to drop the business venture.

At least some of Mr. Rodham's contacts with the White House were through Bruce
Lindsey, the former deputy White House counsel and Mr. Clinton's closest
confidant. A former White House aide said that Mr. Rodham called Mr. Lindsey to
propose pardons of several other convicts that Mr. Clinton and his aides
rejected.

The small circle of aides now advising Mr. Clinton were dismayed by the
revelation of Mr. Rodham's activities and concerned that Mr. Clinton not issue a
blanket denial that Mr. Rodham had exerted influence on pardon decisions, one
former aide said. Mr. Clinton and Mr. Rodham may have had private discussions
that staffers were not privy to, they said.

Representative Dan Burton, the chairman of the House committee conducting an
inquiry into the pardons, called the situation "deeply troubling" and said he
would seek to get a full explanation of the payments from Mr. Rodham.

"We already know that Mr. Braswell's pardon was not reviewed by the Department
of Justice," Mr. Burton, an Indiana Republican who heads the Committee on
Government Reform, said. "Yet again, this makes it look like there is one system
of justice for those with money and influence, and one system of justice for
everyone else."

Mr. Burton's committee also sent a letter last night to Roger Clinton, the
former president's half brother, asking what role he might have played in any
presidential pardons.

The criticism was bipartisan. Terry McAuliffe, chairman of the Democratic
National Committee, called on Mr. Rodham to "fully account for his actions."

"What he did was absolutely wrong," Mr. McAuliffe said.

Mr. Vignali's case was different. Mr. Vignali, a convicted Los Angeles cocaine
dealer, was freed from prison on Jan. 20 after serving six years of a 15-year
sentence. His request for clemency went through the Justice Department, and then
was passed onto the White House with a recommendation that has not been
disclosed.

Mr. Clinton commuted the sentence of Mr. Vignali, a 30-year-old first-time
offender convicted in 1994 of conspiring to sell 800 pounds of cocaine. In a
lengthy defense of his clemency decisions, the former president said he acted in
part to spare little-known people who had been sentenced under mandatory drug
sentencing laws. "I felt that they had served long enough given the particular
circumstances of the individual cases," Mr. Clinton wrote in an opinion piece in
The New York Times on Sunday.

The commutation of Mr. Vignali's sentence nevertheless stirred an outcry from
federal prosecutors in Minneapolis, where he was convicted. The prosecutors had
vigorously opposed his release.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 23, 2001



CORRECTION: An article yesterday about payments to President Bill Clinton's
brother-in-law Hugh Rodham for lobbying for a pardon and a prison commutation
for two wealthy felons gave a misspelled name in some copies for the home city
of G. B. Data Systems, a company owned by one of the felons. It is Marina del
Rey, not Del Ray.

GRAPHIC: Photos: Hugh Rodham lobbied for a pardon and a prison commutation.
(Associated Press)(pg. A1); A. Glenn Braswell, left, convicted of mail fraud and
perjury in 1983, won a pardon; Carlos Vignali, a cocaine dealer, was released
from prison. (ABC News)(pg. A21)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              92 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                              July 27, 2009 Monday

Abramoff Leaves Lasting Impact on Tribal Lobbying;
American Indians Scarred by Scandal

BYLINE: Matthew Murray, ROLL CALL STAFF

SECTION: VESTED INTERESTS

LENGTH: 1062 words


Five years after lawmakers began a high-profile campaign to expose how
influence-peddler Jack Abramoff bilked American Indians out of millions of
dollars with inflated lobbying fees, many tribes continue to do business in
Washington, D.C. -- but they are spending a lot less money.

The scars remain, however, in a scandal that many Indians believe unfairly
tarred their community, not just Abramoff and his associates.

"They've become very risk-averse," said former Rep. Vic Fazio (D-Calif.), a
lobbyist at Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld.

In recent years, Fazio has represented the Crow Tribe, the Gila River Indian
Community, the Oneida Nation of Indians, the Ponca Tribe of Nebraska and the
Agua Caliente Band of Cahuilla Indians, according to Senate lobbying records.

Agua Caliente is one of four tribes still at the center of an ongoing Department
of Justice investigation involving Abramoff and his American Indian tribe
representation, Members of Congress and former Capitol Hill and executive branch
staffers.

The one-time GOP super-lobbyist is serving a 48-month sentence for defrauding
American Indian tribes and corruption of public officials.

Abramoff is inmate No. 27593-112 at the Federal Correctional Institution in
Cumberland, Md. He is scheduled to be released on Dec. 1, 2011, according to the
Federal Bureau of Prisons.

Agua Caliente has never been accused of wrongdoing for its dealings with him,
nor have the three other tribes that were defrauded by Abramoff: the Saginaw
Chippewa Indian Tribe of Michigan, the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians and
the Coushatta Tribe of Louisiana.

None of the tribes agreed to be interviewed for this article.

September 2009 will mark the fifth anniversary of Abramoff's infamous appearance
before the Senate Indian Affairs

Committee. The lobbyist availed himself of Fifth Amendment protections against
self-

incrimination at the hearing but was lambasted by lawmakers.

"It's a story of greed run amok," then-Indian Affairs Chairman Ben Nighthorse
Campbell (R-Colo.) said at the hearing.

Nighthorse Campbell's panel unearthed evidence that Abramoff and his public
relations cohort Michael Scanlon invoiced six tribes for at least $82 million in
consulting fees.

According to a Roll Call analysis of Senate lobbying records, Agua Caliente paid
Abramoff $3.2 million for disclosed lobbying work from 2002 to 2004.

In contrast, the tribe paid Kilpatrick Stockton $100,000 for registered lobbying
activity in the first six months of this year for "general Native American
affairs."

Lobbying fees for the three other tribes also have experienced a precipitous
drop during the past five years.

From 2000 to 2003, the Saginaw Chippewa Indian Tribe of Michigan paid Abramoff
and his associates $4.3 million. The Saginaw paid Ietan Consulting $100,000 for
lobbying work so far this year for services such as land claims legislation and
language preservation appropriations.

The Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians paid Abramoff $11.4 million for
registered lobbying activity from 1999 to 2004. So far this year, the tribe has
paid two lobby shops $110,000 for registered lobbying activity.

The Coushatta Tribe of Louisiana, which paid Abramoff $6.1 million in Lobbying
Disclosure Act-related fees from 2001 to 2004, has not retained a registered
lobbyist yet this year.

Now a lobbyist at the firm Holland & Knight, Nighthorse Campbell said "Indian
tribes are much more wary, much more careful" since his committee began
investigating Abramoff and Scanlon more than five years ago.

Since leaving Congress, Nighthorse Campbell, himself a member of the Northern
Cheyenne Tribe, has represented the Ewiiaapaayp Band of Kumeyaay Indians, the
Ione Band of Miwok Indians, the Jicarilla Apache Nation, the Mescalero Apache
Tribe and numerous other tribes and American Indian business interests.

The former Senator said his lineage assuaged the concerns of tribal leaders in
the immediate aftermath of the scandal, likely helping him build his business
after he left Capitol Hill in 2005.

He said many tribes implemented a rigorous bidding process for tribal contracts
once the breadth of Abramoff's fraud was known and that the turmoil brought many
tribes together.

"It's human nature to assume that other people of your blood, your heritage
would have a better understanding of your problems. Indian people are like
anyone else: You burn them once and you're probably not going to be able to get
back in to talk with them," he said. "They scrutinize [lobbyists] very carefully
now."

Another lobbyist who represents tribes agreed that American Indians are more
careful post-Abramoff about enlisting downtown help. But the lobbyist also said
there's a lingering frustration among American Indians that tribes were seen as
being complicit in the fraud.

"They're a lot more cautious, some are paranoid, some are defensive, some are
pissed off -- the emotions really run the gamut," the lobbyist said. "For the
tribes that were once represented by Abramoff, they're pissed off that this was
portrayed as an Indian scandal, when it should have been a lobbying scandal."

One legislative fight that may draw tribes back into the political fray could be
"card check." As it is written, the Employee Free Choice Act would make it
easier for the estimated 500,000 employees of gaming facilities and other tribal
businesses to unionize.

Tribes are working with Senate Appropriations Chairman Daniel Inouye (D-Hawaii)
to craft an exemption for reservation employees, 90 percent of whom "are not
Indian," Nighthorse Campbell said.

"It would make it very easy for unions to come on the reservation and unionize,"
the former Senator said. "They think it's the beginning of the end of
sovereignty if unions can come on the reservation and dictate what you're going
to pay, who you're going to hire."

Another lobbyist who represents Indian tribes said there was a distrust of
organized labor by American Indians, noting that "tribes and unions have never
mixed well together" because of concerns over sovereignty and "a lack of
sensitivity on the part of the unions."

The lobbyist also recalled once asking a tribal leader about the origins of the
feud.

"We've spent so long trying to get a voice of our own," the tribal leader said,
according to the lobbyist. "And now that we're in a position to do it, you want
us to turn around and have the unions tell us what we're going to do?"

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 Roll Call, Inc.


                              93 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                          September 18, 2013 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

WISPOLITICS.COM STOCK REPORT

SECTION: THE CAP TIMES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1053 words


RISING

Mine lobbying

Lobbying activity, as a whole, was down during the first six months of the
current legislative session compared to the fight over Act 10 in the previous
session. But among standalone legislation outside the state budget bill, the
effort to overhaul state iron mining standards drew by far the most attention
from lobbyists. AB 1 and SB 1, the Assembly and Senate versions of the bill
eventually signed into law, combined for 3,578 lobbying hours out of the 24,725
total hours spent lobbying in the first half of the year, according to a new
analysis of January-June lobbying released by the Government Accountability
Board. It averages out to more than 27 hours on the mining bill alone for every
legislator in the Capitol.

And it's nearly triple the amount of hours spent on the second most-lobbied bill
? a proposal to alter standards for physicians to provide treatment information
to patients.

MIXED

Scott Walker

The guv has been trying to persuade anyone who will listen that the signs are
that Wisconsin's economy is turning around.

Now he has Wisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce on the air to bolster the argument
while he's notching another court victory for his collective bargaining changes
and touting another Illinois firm crossing the border. But insiders note
continuing signs of vulnerability for Walker ? mostly on the economic front
where the fall forecast for Midwestern growth, including Wisconsin, slows.
Things like a controversial grant to a politically connected outdoors group also
continue to nag, despite Walker's nixing of the money.

And Dems jump on reports of Walker's use of state planes ? including trips
between Madison and Milwaukee ? to question whether the guv is living up to the
fiscally conservative image he tries to project. The WMC spot ? running
statewide at more than $400,000 over the next two weeks ? praises the guv for
policies it says have given the state "lift off."

Dems jump on the spot for leaving out the most important economic metric of
Walker's administration: his pledge to create 250,000 jobs in his first term.
While the spot paints a glowing picture of Walker's work, insiders on both sides
note it's unusual for a group to run ads in September of an off year praising an
incumbent with no announced opposition candidate. Pollsters at a WisPolitics.com
luncheon talk about how his flirtation with 2016 and frequent out-of-state
travels may not sit well with independent Wisconsin voters in 2014.

GAB

The agency has taken a series of shots from Republicans over the past two years.

Now it's up for an audit that could either undercut some of that criticism or
give critics fuel to possibly dismantle the agency. Both parties have had their
issues with the Government Accountability Board since it replaced the old
Elections and Ethics boards. But the GOP discontent went into hyperdrive during
the recall elections of 2011 and 2012, with some Republicans feeling like the
retired judges who sit on the board act more like a rubber stamp on staff
recommendations than a true independent arbiter of Wisconsin elections and
ethics laws. The audit just approved will look at the organization's finances,
management and oversight of state elections programs along with the agency's
processes for investigating election complaints. The budget had already called
for a review of things like the GAB's Election Day processes and oversight of
the state voter registration system, meaning it will be getting a thorough
once-over in the coming months.

While some will be looking for evidence to take apart the GAB, its backers say
the agency is unfairly used as a punching bag for issues that aren't really its
fault. The state has a decentralized election system largely run by local clerks
the GAB tries to train but has no real power to punish if they screw up. GAB
Director Kevin Kennedy, meanwhile, says the agency welcomes another full look at
the its operations from a "fresh set of eyes."

FALLING

Public employees

No one is going to accuse Madison-based U.S. District Court Judge William Conley
of being a conservative. So when he dismisses a suit that argued Act 10 violates
public employees' First Amendment rights, some insiders see it as a serious
setback for public workers trying to overturn the guv's collective bargaining
changes. Public employees in Dane County had argued the restrictions violate
their First Amendment rights to associate. But Conley found local government
workers continue to have that right under Act 10. Still, he wrote, while "unions
remain free to speak; municipal employers are simply not allowed to listen." Act
10 opponents fume the ruling is flawed because prohibiting employers from
engaging in collective bargaining is a de facto ban on the practice for public
employees as well. But Act 10 supporters hail it as yet another win in the
courts. Conley had previously overturned parts of the law, but his decision was
overturned on appeal. There's also a case before the state Supreme Court on a
Dane County judge's ruling that parts of the law are unconstitutional. Gov.
Scott Walker's office argues Conley's decision bodes well for Act 10's chances
before the Supreme Court justices. The attorney representing public employees in
that case calls those statements grossly misleading and argues the issues in the
two cases are distinct. But to some insiders, the Supreme Court and its
conservative majority isn't likely to be the friendliest arena for Act 10
opponents to argue their case.

Redistricting reform

Democrats continue to beat the drum for overhauling the process Wisconsin uses
to redraw political boundaries every decade.

But those cries are falling on deaf ears among Republicans. While GOP Sen. Dale
Schultz has joined the effort to create an Iowa-like nonpartisan body to handle
redistricting, Republican leaders have shot down the suggestion. They say
redistricting is too important to turn over to unelected, unaccountable
bureaucrats. They also have no incentive to give up that power, insiders say.
After the GOP wave of 2010, Republicans drew maps designed to keep them in the
majority for the better part of this decade. And barring a Dem wave or some
serious migration patterns, insiders say, Republicans are likely to have a
pretty good shot of holding both houses of the Legislature through this decade.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           November 29, 2008 Saturday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Wolf Block joins forces with a lobbying firm

BYLINE: By Chris Mondics; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 433 words


As businesses from banks to car makers converge on Washington seeking financial
aid, the Wolf Block law firm has announced plans to greatly expand its lobbying
on behalf of companies and other interests fighting for a piece of the bailout.

The firm, which currently has a small lobbying staff in Washington, along with
lobbyists in Harrisburg, Boston, New York and Wilmington, said it was
affiliating with the American Continental Group, whose leadership includes David
Urban, former chief of staff to Sen. Arlen Specter (R., Pa.).

Under the arrangement, Wolf Block Public Strategies and American Continental
would share fees and client referrals, said Mark Alderman, chairman of Wolf
Block, a 300-lawyer firm based in Center City. Wolf Block Public Strategies is
the law firm's lobbying subsidiary.

The new alliance will include several high-profile players in Washington
politics and policy. Alderman was a top fund-raiser for President-elect Barack
Obama and one of his first prominent supporters in Pennsylvania, and Urban has
many ties to Democratic and Republican moderates.

Urban's firm, which has nine registered lobbyists, includes Sheryl V. Cohen, a
former chief of staff to Sen. Christopher J. Dodd (D., Conn.), chairman of the
Senate Banking Committee. The committee is playing a central role in the
government response to ailing credit markets and the economic downturn.

"I absolutely believe that we would be doing something like this no matter who
had won the election," Alderman said. "What this will do is link us in a formal
way."

As the relationship evolves, Alderman said, the firms will review the
possibility of a full-fledged merger.

Ever since the financial markets began tanking and the Bush administration
responded with various aid packages, Washington has become a magnet for
commercial interests seeking aid, information or both.

That has produced a windfall of business for lobbying firms that are capable of
not only taking on big projects, but also referring clients internally to
lawyers who can sort through the legal issues raised by the various bailout
proposals.

Alderman and Urban said the hope is that clients who come to the affiliated
firms for lobbying assistance will also seek their legal advice at Wolf Block.

Wolf Block's lobbying clients include Lockheed Martin and Bose. American
Continental's clients include Disney and Ernst & Young, the global accounting
and advisory firm.

"We have been off to a nice start there, but David is way further down the
road," Alderman said.

Contact staff writer Chris Mondics at 215-854-5957 or cmondics@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 13, 1999, Saturday, Final Edition

Philip Morris Will Pay Fine for Lobbying Violations

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A07

LENGTH: 276 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, N.Y., Nov. 12



Tobacco giant Philip Morris Cos. agreed today to pay a $ 75,000 fine and open
its books in a settlement with New York's lobbying commission over the company's
failure to fully report lobbying expenses.

Under the agreement with the New York Temporary State Commission on Lobbying,
Philip Morris admitted that it committed 15 violations of state lobbying law
dating to 1996. Many of the violations related to the company's failure to
report dinners and gifts for state lawmakers and other officials.

The $ 75,000 fine is the maximum allowed by New York law and the largest ever
levied by the commission, according to executive director David Grandeau.

Nonetheless, state Attorney General Eliot Spitzer called the settlement "a sham
of a mockery or a farce." He said the commission's decision to accept a
settlement instead of holding a public hearing gave Philip Morris "absolution."

The commission also will audit Philip Morris's lobbying expenses for the next
three years and can levy additional fines if more violations are discovered.

In a statement, Philip Morris said the company is committed to complying with
state lobbying laws.

"We are very sorry that our reports were false and inaccurate, and we are
examining our internal processes to ensure that this will not happen again," the
company said.

New York law requires lobbyists and clients to disclose all expenses, with
specific descriptions of expenses that exceed $ 75. Gifts worth more than $ 75
that are intended to influence a lawmaker's official actions are prohibited.

It was unclear whether any lawmakers or other state officials would face
sanctions.


LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              96 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             March 17, 2006 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

MSG THROWN FOR LOSS LOBBY EFFORTS EARN 75G FINE

BYLINE: BY JOE MAHONEY and JOSE MARTINEZ DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 267 words


THE OWNERS of Madison Square Garden still aren't done paying for their epic
battle to stop the New York Jets from building a stadium in Manhattan.

The state Lobbying Commission yesterday announced that the Garden has agreed to
pay a $75,000 penalty for lobbying violations - after already dropping nearly
$19 million lobbying state officials in 2005.

A good chunk of the money spent by Cablevision, through its parent company, CSC
Holdings, and its subsidiary, MSG, went to blocking the Jets from building a
stadium over the West Side railyards.

The Jets, meanwhile, spent more than $5.5 million on lobbying last year, making
the team No. 3 on the list of organizations that paid to lobby Albany officials.

In all, the two warring sides spent about $25 million lobbying state leaders
last year. The $2 billion stadium died when a state board nixed $300 million in
public funding.

MSG was hit with the $75,000 fine after failing to report that it wined and
dined several public officials inside suites at the arena.

"Cablevision and MSG agreed to settle the complaint because it would be less
expensive to settle the matter than to litigate," the company said in a
statement that denied any wrongdoing.

Overall, $149 million was spent on lobbying last year - up from $72 million in
1999.

The totals were revealed as the lobbying commission also clamped a new $75
annual limit on the collective value of gifts that an influence peddler can hand
to a particular lawmaker. The old rule allowed unlimited gifts over the course
of a year, as long as no single one was worth more than $75.

jmartinez@edit.nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                              97 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   April 23, 1993, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

ILLINOIS MAY VOTE TODAY ON LOBBYING REGULATIONS

BYLINE: Tim Novak Illinois State Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 276 words

DATELINE: SPRINGFIELD, ILL.


A lobbyist who buys dinner for a lawmaker doesn't have to report the expense if
they talk only about baseball.  But that tab would have to be reported under an
agreement reached Thursday by the legislative leaders to crack down on lobbyists
who are paid to influence them. The House and Senate were expected to vote on
the plan today.  House Speaker Michael J. Madigan, D-Chicago, said he and the
other legislative leaders "hope to bring an improvement to the system." Under
the proposed agreement, the state's lobbying law would be extended to cover
anyone paid to influence any state official. The law now applies only to people
paid to lobby the governor or a lawmaker on a specific piece of legislation.
Each lobbyist would have to publicly report any expense worth more than $100,
including the name of the official who was lobbied.  Those expenses include
entertainment, gifts, meals and travel.  "From my experience and understanding,
when lobbyists take someone out to dinner, it's usually more than $100," Madigan
said, explaining how the reporting threshhold was set.  Anyone violating the
lobbying laws could be fined up to $10,000 and suspended from lobbying for three
years.  The proposed lobbying reforms were praised by Illinois Common Cause, a
government watchdog group, and Secretary of State George Ryan, whose office
administers the Illinois Lobbyist Registration Act.  "This legislation
represents the most significant reform in state lobbying laws in nearly a
quarter of a century," Ryan said. "These measures will open the door to the
smoke-filled back rooms and shed daylight on the business of lobbying state
government."

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              98 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday
                                CA CHASE EDITION

Lobbying rules leave loophole Limited from lobbying, ex-lawmakers can advise;
Ex-lawmakers find new jobs in influence industry despite limits

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 746 words


Nearly one-quarter of the lawmakers who left Congress recently are working in
positions aimed at influencing government policy, even though they are barred
from lobbying their former colleagues and Capitol Hill staff.

At least 18 former senators and House members have signed on with lobbying and
consulting firms, trade groups, law firms and other organizations with business
before the federal or state governments, a USA TODAY tally shows. The analysis
examined the 77 people who served in the last Congress and either retired,
resigned or lost their seats. Most left in January.

Former House members are barred from lobbying Congress for a year after they
leave office; former senators face a two-year ban. Ex-lawmakers still can lobby
the executive branch and provide behind-the-scenes advice to companies and other
organizations trying to influence federal legislation. They also can lobby state
and local officials.

"They are cashing in on their Rolodexes," said Craig Holman of the left-leaning
advocacy group Public Citizen, one of the watchdog organizations that pushed for
ethics rules in 2007 that banned lobbyist-funded travel and gifts and tightened
restrictions on post-congressional employment. Even without talking to their
former colleagues, former members of Congress "can provide a lobbying shop with
valuable insider information," he said.

Buck McKeon, the former chairman of the House Armed Services Committee who
decided not to seek re-election, recently launched his own firm, McKeon Group,
with former aides. The firm has drawn seven clients, including a charter school
and Aerojet Rocketdyne, a defense contractor.

"A lot of people really don't know how Washington works, especially back home in
the district," said McKeon, a California Republican. "Based on 22 years serving
in Congress and getting bills passed, you kind of learn how the system works."

"If you can help somebody out with a problem, that's a satisfying thing," said
McKeon, 76. "What else am I going to do? Sit in a rocking chair?"

Another former congressman, Virginia Democrat Jim Moran, joined the law and
lobbying firm McDermott Will & Emery in January as a "senior legislative
adviser." Moran, who served 12 terms in Congress, said "there's no comparison"
between lobbying lawmakers directly and advising clients on how to navigate
Washington. "After 24 years, you gain some understanding and knowledge of the
process, the politics and the people," he said. "But it probably would be more
of value if I could sit down with my friends on the Hill and discuss things."

Moran said he avoids talking business with current lawmakers, but that doesn't
mean he never interacts with them. For instance, he recently hosted a fundraiser
for the No. 2 Democrat in the House, Maryland Rep. Steny Hoyer. As a former
lawmaker, he enjoys another perk: He can work out in the House gym alongside his
ex-colleagues.

Other ex-lawmakers with lobbying-related jobs include:

Former Iowa congressman Tom Latham, who has become a partner in the consulting
and lobbying firm that now bears his name, Hecht, Latham, Spencer & Associates.
The Republican will provide "strategic and legislative" advice to clients, the
firm said. Latham, who retired this year after 10 House terms, did not return a
telephone call.

Ex-Nebraska congressman Lee Terry, who recently joined the Washington office of
Kelley, Drye and Warren as a "senior government relations and public policy
adviser." Terry, an eight-term Republican, did not respond to an interview
request.

Former California congressman Henry Waxman, a political power broker on Capitol
Hill for four decades, recently became chairman of his son's communication and
consulting firm. Waxman said he opted against joining a lobbying firm because he
wanted to represent "clients who are fighting for some of the things I was
fighting for in Congress."

Waxman, a California Democrat whose accomplishments include expanding Medicaid
and helping to pass the 2010 Affordable Care Act, said his client roster
includes environmental groups, hospitals and community health centers, which
rely on federal funding to care for low-income patients. Waxman is not ruling
out registering as a lobbyist when his one-year cooling-off period expires.

Holman said the pace of ex-lawmakers becoming lobbyists may be slowing as a
result of the rule changes. A Public Citizen study of former lawmakers who left
Congress from 1998 to 2006 found 42% had become registered lobbyists, Holman
said.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            August 2, 2007 Thursday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Seeking a Phila. voice in D.C.;
Nutter says city needs its own professional lobbyists.

BYLINE: By Marcia Gelbart; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; Inq Politics Philadelphia; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 771 words


Six weeks after winning the Democratic primary, Michael Nutter was in
Washington, roaming the hallways of Capitol Hill in his new position as the
presumptive mayor of Philadelphia.

He wanted to see and be seen, and it was likely just the beginning.

Nutter, assuming he wins in the November election, wants to strengthen
Philadelphia's presence in the capital, beginning with restructuring the city's
relationship with the Hill and the White House.

"Federally elected officials and agency heads need to know Philadelphia is an
important player," he said.

Toward that end, Nutter is leaning toward opening a Philadelphia lobbying office
in Washington, to be staffed by lobbying professionals who are full-time
employees of the city. The city's practice for several decades has been to hire
firms to work on its behalf.

A review of federal lobbying disclosure records shows the city has spent $3.1
million on seven Washington lobbying firms since 2000.

Some have obvious political ties, such as one firm led by former U.S. Rep. Bob
Borski from Northeast Philadelphia, who retired in 2003, and another by David
Urban, former chief of staff to U.S. Sen. Arlen Specter (R., Pa.).

Together, the outside firms have secured hundreds of millions of dollars for the
city.

Philadelphia typically outspends other cities on its outside lobbying contracts.
Of the nation's 10 most-populous cities, Philadelphia paid its Washington hired
guns the most money in 2005 and 2006, according to reports filed with the U.S.
Senate Office of Public Records.

Those figures, though, can be misleading. For instance, Los Angeles spent just
$60,000 to hire lobbyists in 2006, compared with the $442,000 Philadelphia
spent. But Los Angeles also maintains a six-person Washington lobbying office
staffed by city employees.

Even those figures may not show the full extent of a city's lobbying effort. For
instance, Philadelphia International Airport, the Housing Authority, and the
Free Library have spent a combined $1.1 million since 2000 on outside lobbyists.

Experts who have studied government lobbying practices say it is difficult to
assess whether cities are better off hiring private firms or staffing their own
offices. It can depend on the size of a city, its distance from Washington, and
the agenda of its mayor.

"What is most cost-effective? I don't know," said Donald Haider, a professor at
the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. He did note one
advantage of a city office, saying, "You probably have less control of a hired
gun vs. someone who serves at the pleasure of the mayor with no other interest."

Put another way, said Bill Daley, who runs New York City's seven-person
Washington lobbying office, "we have just one boss - we work for the mayor."

Another issue is that some taxpayer money spent to hire lobbyists can wind up in
politicians' campaign accounts.

Records show that Mayor Street's campaigns received $64,373 worth of donations
from three of the lobbying firms his administration hired or their principals:
Patton Boggs, Borski Associates, and Whitten & Diamond.

"Politics is about loyalty, and if someone knows you donated in the past, they
are much more likely to send business in your direction," said Keith Ashdown,
director Taxpayers for Common Sense, a Washington watchdog group.

Philadelphia Managing Director Loree Jones said the city had gotten a good
return for its investment in its lobbyists.

In 2003, those firms helped net the city $44 million worth of federal
appropriations, Jones said. In addition to winning federal earmarks, they also
helped the city in other fights, such as preserving Community Development Block
Grant funds, which the Bush administration wanted to eliminate.

One lobbyist, Zina Pierre, was key in forging a pro-gun-control coalition that
teamed Street with the mayors of New York and Boston, Jones said.

Nonetheless, Jones and George Burrell, who oversaw lobbying matters for Street
through most of the mayor's tenure, said it might make sense for the city to
hire Washington staff.

Burrell said it did not seem financially worthwhile for Street to do so because
the mayor's agenda hinged less on changing federal policy and more on lobbying
for money.

But depending on the priorities of Philadelphia's next mayor and how much
day-to-day Washington activity they involve, he said, opening an office "is a
legitimate area of consideration, something to take a look at."


Read filings on lobbyist expenses by cities via http://go.philly.com/lobbying

Click on "client name" and enter "city of" and city name.

Contact staff writer Marcia Gelbart at 215-854-2338 or mgelbart@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 15, 1997, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Developer Ranks No 1. in Spending on Lobbyists

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 486 words


Forest City Ratner, a prominent developer in New York City, spent more on
lobbying the municipal government last year than any other business or group, a
new study has found. The company paid $436,382 to hire lobbyists to help insure
the success of several real estate projects, from shopping centers to office
buildings to parking lots.

The study, released yesterday by the New York Public Interest Research Group,
found that several other businesses and trade groups also spent heavily on
lobbying last year. The total for the top 10 was $1.6 million, or 16 percent of
the $9.95 million that the City Clerk's office recently reported as the total
spending on lobbying in the city last year.

Second in the ranking was NRG Energy, a Minneapolis company that was seeking the
rights to collect methane gas from the Fresh Kills landfill on Staten Island.
NRG Energy, which spent $271,630 on lobbying in the last three months of 1996,
is no longer pursuing the rights, aides to Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani said.

While the City Clerk's office assesses the top 10 lobbying firms in terms of
fees received, it does not produce a list of clients that spent the most. So the
Public Interest Research Group said it compiled figures for the top 10 from
records that lobbyists are required to file by law.

Forest City Ratner also took first place in spending on lobbying in the group's
surveys in 1995 and 1994, said Chris Meyer, the group's executive director. Last
year, the company hired six lobbying firms and also extensively used in-house
lobbyists, city records show.

The president of Forest City Ratner is Bruce C. Ratner, a Democrat and top
fund-raiser for Mr. Giuliani, a Republican. Mr. Ratner's aides said much of the
company's spending on lobbying was actually for legal work related to real
estate projects. While there continues to be disagreement over whether such
activities fall under the city's lobbying law, the aides said the company erred
on the side of disclosure.

After NRG Energy came the American Insurance Association, which spent $225,000
on lobbying. Some of that money went to try to influence an effort by the
Giuliani administration to change the regulations for a type of insurance for
construction projects.

Anheuser-Busch spent $150,119, largely to build ties to black and Hispanic
officials. One of the lobbyists it hired was Joseph A. Wiscovitch, whom Mr.
Giuliani's campaign retained to help strengthen support among Hispanic voters.

The Greater New York Hospital Association spent $132,706, in part to influence
regulations for Medicaid, which pays for care for the poor.

The report listed the other spenders in the top 10 as the Empire Association of
Adult Homes, $125,000; the Hotel Association of New York, $104,000; the
Neighborhood Small Business Association, $102,000; McDonald's, $100,754, and the
Protective Services Corporation for the Handicapped, $100,000.



LOAD-DATE: May 15, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              101 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                             April 25, 2006 Tuesday

Bottom line

SECTION: Pg. 26

LENGTH: 363 words


* AMERICAN INDIANS. Daniel French, a lobbyist for Green & Seifter, has signed on
to lobby for the Cayuga Indian Nation of New York. French is a former aide to
the late Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan (D-N.Y.). The lobbying issue relates to
land trusts.

* DEFENSE. Jim Turner, a former House Democrat from Texas, is lobbying for Camel
Manufacturing Co. on matters related to defense contracts, according to lobbying
registrations. Other clients include Cytogenix and Morton Grove Pharmaceuticals.

* FINANCIAL SERVICES. Thelen Reid Priest alums Walter Raheb and Rick Roberts
have joined with Geoffrey Gradler, formerly of Capital Ideas, to start a new
shop, RR&G. The firm has 19 clients, according to Raheb, who worked with former
Rep. Bill Archer (R-Texas) on the House Ways and Means Committee before becoming
a lobbyist. The firm's clients include NYSE Group, Ernst & Young and Goldman
Sachs & Co., according to lobbying registrations recently posted online.

Goldman Sachs has also signed with another new firm: the Baptista Group, founded
by Samuel Baptista. His firm is also working on behalf of Fannie Mae and the
Optimal Group.

* HIGH-TECH. Google continues to expand its Washington operation. The
search-engine giant hired Gage through a preexisting contract with Public Policy
Partners, according to lobbying registration. Gage lobbyist Mike Rawson, a
former staff member to Sen. Conrad Burns (R-Mont.), a key member of the Senate
Commerce Committee, is working with Google on issues relating to "spyware,
privacy, online pharmacies, Net neutrality, telecom reform [and] data security,"
according to the registration.

Fidelis Government Relations, meanwhile, is lobbying for another high-tech
giant, Microsoft. Terry Allen of Fidelis is tracking tax and trade bills for the
company.

* HIGHER EDUCATION. Tom Coleman Associates is lobbying on behalf of William
Jewell College, based in Missouri. The school is seeking federal appropriations.

Also, the University of Mississippi has hired the Prewitt Group to lobby on its
behalf. The lobbying firm is based in Mississippi. It is leading a campaign for
federal financial help for a new law school building, according to the
registration.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 18, 1999, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Philip Morris Gifts to Albany Legislators Put Focus on Ethics

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1306 words


One night in March 1997, a group of New York legislators dined at a French
restaurant in Albany called Nicole's Bistro, and when the bill for $1,818.20
arrived, none of them had to reach for it. The meal came courtesy of Philip
Morris's chief lobbyist in New York, who has long been a popular and generous
dining companion around the state capital.

The lobbyist, Sharon T. Portnoy, will not be picking up the check again for
lawmakers any time soon. Settling an inquiry by the state lobbying commission,
Philip Morris last week paid a record fine of $75,000 and acknowledged that it
had repeatedly falsified or failed to report its lobbying expenditures under the
state's lobbying law. Ms. Portnoy was fined $15,000 and barred from lobbying on
state matters for three years.

The lobbying commission did not examine the conduct of the lawmakers who dined
at Nicole's or that of their colleagues who have accepted gifts from the tobacco
giant in recent years. The rules regarding gifts fall under a separate state
ethics law. And while some advocacy groups call the lobbying law inadequate,
they contend that the ethics law is even weaker. The lawmakers themselves are
required to police it, but they do not, the groups say.

The ethics law prohibits legislators from accepting meals and other gifts of $75
or more if they are intended to influence the legislators' decisions. Documents
released in the lobbying case show that since 1996, roughly 60 members of the
211-member State Legislature have accepted gifts of $75 or more from Philip
Morris. The gifts ranged from tickets to the ballet to expensive meals in Albany
and places like El San Juan Hotel and Casino in Puerto Rico and the Colony Surf
Hotel in Hawaii.

Numerous lawmakers are listed more than once in the documents. The company
described most of the gifts as worth between $75 and $125 each; none was valued
at more than $200.

There is nothing extraordinary about an Albany lobbyist buying a meal or tickets
to a Yankee game for a lawmaker. But the disclosure of Philip Morris's gifts has
highlighted the extent of the practice and provided new ammunition to advocacy
groups and a handful of renegade lawmakers who want the Legislature to approve a
ban on gifts from lobbyists next month.

The Philip Morris gifts are one pillar in an expensive lobbying campaign that
has made the company a formidable presence in the State Capitol for much of the
decade. Ms. Portnoy and the company's other lobbyists have frequently persuaded
lawmakers to block legislation that could hurt its profits by, for example,
prohibiting smoking in restaurants or raising cigarette taxes.

In interviews, several lawmakers who accepted the gifts said they had not
violated the ethics law. Some disputed the cost listed for their meals. (In its
records, Philip Morris divided the total for the meal by the number of people
present; for instance, at Nicole's, the cost was listed as $90.91 per person).
Others said they did not know that Ms. Portnoy was paying, or that if they did,
they considered the meals social, not lobbying, events, so the money was not
spent to influence them.

"I am very much offended by the fact that Philip Morris has apparently conveyed
information which implies that we violated the law when in no way in my
awareness was that ever done," said State Senator Roy M. Goodman, a Manhattan
Republican, who said that while he might have been at the Nicole's dinner and
one other paid for by Ms. Portnoy, he did not believe that his meals exceeded
the $75 limit.

While that was a common sentiment among those on the list, it was ridiculed by
advocacy groups that want the Legislature to follow the lead of other states and
the United States House of Representatives by enacting a ban. They said that to
debate the exact value of a gift missed the point: lawmakers should not accept
any favors from people seeking to sway votes.

The groups point out that lawmakers receive a stipend for expenses while in
Albany on state business -- now $110 a day. When lobbyists treat lawmakers to
meals, the lawmakers are not required to return any of the stipend to state
coffers.

"The public already thinks that the special interests play too big a role in the
political system," said Rachel Leon, executive director of Common Cause New
York, an advocacy group. "New York is extremely behind the times in this."

Since the ethics law was approved in the late 1980's, no lawmaker has been
sanctioned for accepting illegal gifts or breaking any other provision of the
statute, which carries a maximum penalty of a $10,000 civil fine or a
misdemeanor charge. Donors also are subject to the law, but none have been
penalized.

The Legislative Ethics Committee, which enforces the law and is comprised of
eight legislators from both major political parties, has traditionally acted
with the stealth of a Congressional intelligence panel. The ethics committee's
members typically decline to discuss their inquiries or even to say when they
meet.

Three advocacy groups -- Common Cause New York, the New York Public Interest
Research Group and the League of Women Voters of New York State -- filed a
complaint with the ethics committee earlier this week, urging it to investigate
the lawmakers, as well as Philip Morris.

Committee members would not comment on the Philip Morris spending. No one from
the committee has sought information from the lobbying commission, which amassed
a mound of evidence in its three-month inquiry into whether Philip Morris
violated the lobbying law.

The inquiry was based on documents submitted by Philip Morris in litigation over
smoking, which showed that from 1993 to 1996, at least 115 current and former
lawmakers had accepted gifts of varying values from the company. In the
settlement, the company produced a new explanation of its spending since 1996,
which included the information on the gifts of $75 or more.

Five of the ethics committee's eight members have been identified by Philip
Morris as having received gifts. One, State Senator James J. Lack, Republican of
Suffolk County, is listed as having often accepted items of $75 or more.

In an interview, Mr. Lack said such meals did not affect his votes. He declined
to comment on the committee or say whether he supported tighter lobbying or
ethics restrictions. "I have an opinion," he said. "I prefer to discuss it with
my colleagues first."

The other four members were described in internal company documents as having
accepted gifts, but their value could not be determined. Those members are
Assemblyman H. Robert Nortz, an upstate Republican; State Senator George
Onorato, a Queens Democrat; State Senator William T. Stachowski, a Buffalo
Democrat; and Assemblywoman Helene E. Weinstein, a Brooklyn Democrat. Mr. Nortz
and Mr. Onorato did not respond to two telephone messages left at their offices
seeking comment.

Ms. Weinstein said that in general, she believed that lawmakers were being
unfairly characterized as beholden to those who treated them to meals or other
items. "I have never met a legislator who changed their position because someone
bought them a dinner," she said.

Mr. Stachowski said, "I think that the $75 rule now is just fine."

A few of his colleagues disagreed. The lobbying law expires at the end of the
year, and the Legislature is likely to return next month to consider the law's
future. One proposal would toughen lobbying disclosure requirements and ban
gifts from lobbyists to lawmakers.

Such a change would bolster public confidence in the Legislature, said one
sponsor, Assemblywoman Sandra R. Galef, a Westchester County Democrat. It would
also make it unnecessary to determine whether under the law, a lobbyist's gift
was intended to influence a decision.

"The way to get out of this is to reform ourselves," Ms. Galef said.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "Lawmakers on Tobacco Giant's Spending List"
State ethics rules bar New York legislators from accepting gifts of $75 or more
if the gifts are intended to influence them. Since 1996, roughly 60 members of
the 211-member New York Legislature accepted meals and other gifts worth $75 or
more from Philip Morris, the tobacco giant, in its efforts to lobby the
Legislature. According to lobby records released by the company last Friday,
these are the lawmakers:

NEW YORK CITY

STATE SENATE
Efrain Gonzalez Jr., (D) Bronx
Roy M. Goodman, (R) Manhattan
Serphin R. Maltese, (R) Queens
Olga A. Mendez, (D) Bronx
Guy J. Velella, (R) Bronx

ASSEMBLY

Peter J. Abbate Jr., (D) Brooklyn
Carmen E. Arroyo, (D) Bronx
Jeffrion L. Aubry, (D) Queens
Ann Margaret Carrozza, (D) Queens
Gloria Davis, (D) Bronx
Ruben Diaz Jr., (D) Bronx
Adriano Espaillat, (D) Manhattan
Stephen B. Kaufman, (D) Bronx
Jeffrey Klein, (D) Bronx
Ivan C. Lafayette, (D) Queens
Joseph R. Lentol, (D) Brooklyn
Vito J. Lopez, (D) Brooklyn
Catherine T. Nolan, (D) Queens
Felix W. Ortiz, (D) Brooklyn
Audrey I. Pheffer, (D) Queens
John A. Ravitz, (R) Manhattan
Peter M. Rivera, (D) Bronx
Steven Sanders, (D) Manhattan
Scott M. Stringer, (D) Manhattan
Robert A. Straniere, (R) Staten Island
Darryl C. Towns, (D) Brooklyn

SUBURBS

STATE SENATE

Michael A. L. Balboni, (R) Nassau
Owen H. Johnson, (R) Suffolk
James J. Lack, (R) Suffolk
Carl L. Marcellino, (R) Nassau
Dean G. Skelos, (R) Nassau
Nicholas A. Spano, (R) Westchester
Caesar Trunzo, (R) Suffolk

ASSEMBLY

Patricia L. Acampora, (R) Suffolk
Thomas F. Barraga, (R) Suffolk
Philip M. Boyle, (R) Suffolk
Thomas P. DiNapoli, (D) Nassau
Donna Ferrara, (R) Nassau
Marc Herbst, (R) Nassau
Steven L. Labriola, (R) Nassau
James Gary Pretlow, (D) Westchester
Robert C. Wertz, (R) Suffolk

UPSTATE

STATE SENATE

James S. Alesi, (R) Monroe
John A. DeFrancisco, (R) Onondaga
Hugh T. Farley, (R) Schenectady
John R. Kuhl Jr., (R) Chemung
Vincent L. Leibell, (R) Putnam
Thomas W. Libous, (R) Broome
Raymond A. Meier, (R) Lewis
Stephen M. Saland, (R) Columbia

ASSEMBLY

Michael J. Bragman, (D) Onondaga
Ronald J. Canestrari, (D) Albany
RoAnn M. Destito, (D) Oneida
Jay J. Dinga, (R) Broome
Charles H. Nesbitt, (R) Orleans
Robert C. Oaks, (R) Seneca
Robin L. Schimminger, (D) Erie
Frances T. Sullivan, (R) Oswego
Paul A Tokasz, (D) Erie
George H. Winner Jr., (R) Chemung
(pg. B14)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              103 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

Here's who's influencing Maine lawmakers

BYLINE: Darren Fishell BDN Staff

LENGTH: 1566 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- If you seek to know who's pushing Maine lawmakers to vote one
way or the other, welcome to a tangle of spreadsheets and digital documents.


In one set of data, lobbyists get paid. In another, they work on certain
legislative documents. The titles of those bills? They're somewhere else.


For the 50 lobbying clients who spent the most in 2015, the Bangor Daily News
took a dive into that web of information, linking together what those entities
spent with the bills they sought to influence and what has, so far in this
ongoing session, happened with those bills.


It's an exercise the Maine Ethics Commission also is going through as it
prepares for another update to its website that Jonathan Wayne, the commission's
executive director, said will bring "significant improvements in the next year."


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Lobbydash?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="635px"][/tableau]


The commission has hired the Indianapolis-based company InnovateMap for the
work, which Wayne said "is a long-term project as well."


Maine has a relative abundance of information about lobbying activity, albeit
self-reported and unaudited. The key component of that is how much lobbyists
reported getting paid. The key problem is presenting that information in a way
that's at all understandable.


"We get a good deal of information, and we would like it to be as accessible to
the public as it can be," Wayne said.


The project doesn't involve changing what or how that information is disclosed,
just how it's presented.


Dollar for dollar


Lobbying makes up a substantial amount of influence on Maine lawmakers, measured
in dollars. For the lobbying year from November 2014 to November 2015, more than
400 entities hired 229 lobbyists and spent $4.8 million, according to year-end
disclosure reports.


That's more than one-third the amount outside groups spent in Maine's 2014
gubernatorial and legislative races.


The top 50 lobbying clients -- 12 percent of the total -- in 2015 supported
about 44 percent of the lobbying spending, at $2.1 million.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Top50context?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="210px"][/tableau]


Not every state tracks those figures.


"Only about half of the states require that lobbyists report what they get
paid," said Peter Quist, research director at the Montana-based Institute on
Money in State Politics, which compiles and analyzes state-level campaign
finance reports.


Quist and his team have dealt with that data firsthand as they look to expand
their own database offerings in the coming months to include lobbying
disclosures for states that do provide compensation information.


"That lobbyist compensation is the key piece," he said.


Wayne said the Maine commission's upgrade focuses on clearer presentation and
more searches of that financial information.


Some states only require lobbyists to report spending on lawmakers, for events
or gifts given. Maine also requires lobbyists to report what they were paid for
activities defined as direct or indirect lobbying.


Lawmakers don't have to disclose certain meals or gifts worth less than $300,
and strict interpretations of the disclosure law leaves room for lobbyists to
omit some compensation from a client from state reports. In Wisconsin, lobbyists
also disclose in general terms where they stood on a bill, whether for, against
or neither.


But Maine's gets better rankings for disclosure than most states. A review by
the Sunlight Foundation last year gave Maine a 'B' -- a 3 on a scale from -3 to
6 -- for what it requires lobbyists to disclose.


"Only a few states have information about what bills a client is interested in,"
Quist said.


And what is disclosed is revealing, if hard to find.


Connecting the dots


The spending is key, but just one piece of the puzzle that should be clear to
the public on disclosure sites, Quist said.


"You want to know what each client is spending, who they're paying and what
they're lobbying on," Quist said. "Those three pieces need to be searchable and
linked to the rest."


For anyone researching lobbying influence on a particular law, the ethics
commission's website provides a start, but it doesn't connect all of those dots.


Wayne said the commission may seek in its new website to have pages with more
financial information about lobbying link directly to the legislative website,
where someone could find information about the status of bills and related
testimony.


The commission's current lobbying search allows people to search for lobbying
activity on a particular bill, showing which lobbyists reported working on that
bill during a given session, but not the financial information.


There are multiple ways to review the results of putting those sources together.


By industry, the data shows the bulk of lobbying interest came from health care
and natural resources. It's a starting point to assess the result of that
lobbying, for which high spending doesn't necessarily mean results.


Aroostook Resources Inc., the J.D. Irving subsidiary seeking to open metallic
mineral mining at Bald Mountain, was the year's second-highest spender, putting
$104,314 into lobbying primarily on three mining bills that died in the House or
were shelved.


Penobscot Energy Recovery Co., the waste-to-energy facility in Orrington, was
the year's top spender. Four of six bills it lobbied on to encourage
municipalities to recycle or dispose of their solid waste at a waste-to-energy
facility died.


One to add waste energy to the state's renewable portfolio standard, LD 273, and
another draft to make a variety of changes to encourage recycling and open
funding to the state's three waste-to-energy facilities, LD 313, were carried
over to the current session.


PERC's was among the most focused lobbying efforts of the session, according to
a BDN analysis.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Lobbyinginfluence?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert=""
refresh="" linktarget="" width="100%" height="785px"][/tableau]


The big picture


The ethics commission's website allows quick searches of lobbying on specific
bills, but broader analysis of all lobbying activity in the state requires a bit
more effort.


In general, Quist said, the more raw data, the better.


"Without that being downloadable, it really restricts the user to only answer
any questions that they can see the answer to on one screen, which is basically
this much was spent by this filer on this date," Quist said.


On the campaign finance side, he said, Maine's uncommon in providing easy access
to those contribution and expenditure files.


On the lobbying side, that data gives a picture of the bills lobbied the
hardest.


For the top 50 lobbying clients, that was Gov. Paul LePage's budget, where 19 of
the 50 clients put the attention of 25 different lobbyists.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Mostlobbied?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="635px"][/tableau]


Altogether, those entities lobbied on 982 different bills.


The bills that got the most attention after that reflect the infrequency of
bills to make it into law, and the attention to bills that don't necessarily
make headlines.


The second most-lobbied bill, LD 810, passed into law with support from health
care provider networks and drug giant Pfizer, allowing pharmacies more latitude
in prescribing drugs in the interest of letting a person pick up each
prescriptions at the same time.


Among the next six most-lobbied bills, five died and one was carried over.
Others reflect the challenge of tracing influence from a bill's star to its
finish.


Two of the most lobbied bills elicited gubernatorial vetoes with different
outcomes. One, LD 289, sought to loosen state law requiring physicians to first
prescribe drugs deemed to be the least expensive effective option before turning
to more costly drugs, a strategy for keeping down health care costs called "step
therapy."


The Maine Medical Association supported the bill, saying "step therapy" leaves
some treatment decisions in the hands of insurance companies and not physicians.


Insurers opposed the bill, testifying against it, and health exchange co-op
Maine Community Health Options reported spending at least $1,000 to lobby on the
bill, including $1,600 to lobby the executive branch. The bill, in the same
manner as a similar effort in the 126th Legislature, fell to a veto from LePage
that was sustained.


Another bill proposed by Uber also was the focus of six of the top 50 lobbying
clients, but it cleared a veto to set statewide rules for it and other
ridesharing companies.


A different look


The lobbying information in Maine making possible policy making insights that
are relatively rare from the available lobbying information, according to Quist,
but he said there are still improvements states such as Maine can make.


That includes putting dates indicating the month in which certain lobbying was
reported, to better enable tying certain lobbying efforts to the legislative
process.


For the improvements ahead, Wayne said the ethics commission hopes to provide
more information, clearly, in fewer clicks.


Â

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              104 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

Here's who's influencing Maine lawmakers

BYLINE: Darren Fishell BDN Staff

LENGTH: 1566 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- If you seek to know who's pushing Maine lawmakers to vote one
way or the other, welcome to a tangle of spreadsheets and digital documents.


In one set of data, lobbyists get paid. In another, they work on certain
legislative documents. The titles of those bills? They're somewhere else.


For the 50 lobbying clients who spent the most in 2015, the Bangor Daily News
took a dive into that web of information, linking together what those entities
spent with the bills they sought to influence and what has, so far in this
ongoing session, happened with those bills.


It's an exercise the Maine Ethics Commission also is going through as it
prepares for another update to its website that Jonathan Wayne, the commission's
executive director, said will bring "significant improvements in the next year."


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Lobbydash?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="635px"][/tableau]


The commission has hired the Indianapolis-based company InnovateMap for the
work, which Wayne said "is a long-term project as well."


Maine has a relative abundance of information about lobbying activity, albeit
self-reported and unaudited. The key component of that is how much lobbyists
reported getting paid. The key problem is presenting that information in a way
that's at all understandable.


"We get a good deal of information, and we would like it to be as accessible to
the public as it can be," Wayne said.


The project doesn't involve changing what or how that information is disclosed,
just how it's presented.


Dollar for dollar


Lobbying makes up a substantial amount of influence on Maine lawmakers, measured
in dollars. For the lobbying year from November 2014 to November 2015, more than
400 entities hired 229 lobbyists and spent $4.8 million, according to year-end
disclosure reports.


That's more than one-third the amount outside groups spent in Maine's 2014
gubernatorial and legislative races.


The top 50 lobbying clients -- 12 percent of the total -- in 2015 supported
about 44 percent of the lobbying spending, at $2.1 million.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Top50context?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="210px"][/tableau]


Not every state tracks those figures.


"Only about half of the states require that lobbyists report what they get
paid," said Peter Quist, research director at the Montana-based Institute on
Money in State Politics, which compiles and analyzes state-level campaign
finance reports.


Quist and his team have dealt with that data firsthand as they look to expand
their own database offerings in the coming months to include lobbying
disclosures for states that do provide compensation information.


"That lobbyist compensation is the key piece," he said.


Wayne said the Maine commission's upgrade focuses on clearer presentation and
more searches of that financial information.


Some states only require lobbyists to report spending on lawmakers, for events
or gifts given. Maine also requires lobbyists to report what they were paid for
activities defined as direct or indirect lobbying.


Lawmakers don't have to disclose certain meals or gifts worth less than $300,
and strict interpretations of the disclosure law leaves room for lobbyists to
omit some compensation from a client from state reports. In Wisconsin, lobbyists
also disclose in general terms where they stood on a bill, whether for, against
or neither.


But Maine's gets better rankings for disclosure than most states. A review by
the Sunlight Foundation last year gave Maine a 'B' -- a 3 on a scale from -3 to
6 -- for what it requires lobbyists to disclose.


"Only a few states have information about what bills a client is interested in,"
Quist said.


And what is disclosed is revealing, if hard to find.


Connecting the dots


The spending is key, but just one piece of the puzzle that should be clear to
the public on disclosure sites, Quist said.


"You want to know what each client is spending, who they're paying and what
they're lobbying on," Quist said. "Those three pieces need to be searchable and
linked to the rest."


For anyone researching lobbying influence on a particular law, the ethics
commission's website provides a start, but it doesn't connect all of those dots.


Wayne said the commission may seek in its new website to have pages with more
financial information about lobbying link directly to the legislative website,
where someone could find information about the status of bills and related
testimony.


The commission's current lobbying search allows people to search for lobbying
activity on a particular bill, showing which lobbyists reported working on that
bill during a given session, but not the financial information.


There are multiple ways to review the results of putting those sources together.


By industry, the data shows the bulk of lobbying interest came from health care
and natural resources. It's a starting point to assess the result of that
lobbying, for which high spending doesn't necessarily mean results.


Aroostook Resources Inc., the J.D. Irving subsidiary seeking to open metallic
mineral mining at Bald Mountain, was the year's second-highest spender, putting
$104,314 into lobbying primarily on three mining bills that died in the House or
were shelved.


Penobscot Energy Recovery Co., the waste-to-energy facility in Orrington, was
the year's top spender. Four of six bills it lobbied on to encourage
municipalities to recycle or dispose of their solid waste at a waste-to-energy
facility died.


One to add waste energy to the state's renewable portfolio standard, LD 273, and
another draft to make a variety of changes to encourage recycling and open
funding to the state's three waste-to-energy facilities, LD 313, were carried
over to the current session.


PERC's was among the most focused lobbying efforts of the session, according to
a BDN analysis.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Lobbyinginfluence?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert=""
refresh="" linktarget="" width="100%" height="785px"][/tableau]


The big picture


The ethics commission's website allows quick searches of lobbying on specific
bills, but broader analysis of all lobbying activity in the state requires a bit
more effort.


In general, Quist said, the more raw data, the better.


"Without that being downloadable, it really restricts the user to only answer
any questions that they can see the answer to on one screen, which is basically
this much was spent by this filer on this date," Quist said.


On the campaign finance side, he said, Maine's uncommon in providing easy access
to those contribution and expenditure files.


On the lobbying side, that data gives a picture of the bills lobbied the
hardest.


For the top 50 lobbying clients, that was Gov. Paul LePage's budget, where 19 of
the 50 clients put the attention of 25 different lobbyists.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Mostlobbied?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="635px"][/tableau]


Altogether, those entities lobbied on 982 different bills.


The bills that got the most attention after that reflect the infrequency of
bills to make it into law, and the attention to bills that don't necessarily
make headlines.


The second most-lobbied bill, LD 810, passed into law with support from health
care provider networks and drug giant Pfizer, allowing pharmacies more latitude
in prescribing drugs in the interest of letting a person pick up each
prescriptions at the same time.


Among the next six most-lobbied bills, five died and one was carried over.
Others reflect the challenge of tracing influence from a bill's star to its
finish.


Two of the most lobbied bills elicited gubernatorial vetoes with different
outcomes. One, LD 289, sought to loosen state law requiring physicians to first
prescribe drugs deemed to be the least expensive effective option before turning
to more costly drugs, a strategy for keeping down health care costs called "step
therapy."


The Maine Medical Association supported the bill, saying "step therapy" leaves
some treatment decisions in the hands of insurance companies and not physicians.


Insurers opposed the bill, testifying against it, and health exchange co-op
Maine Community Health Options reported spending at least $1,000 to lobby on the
bill, including $1,600 to lobby the executive branch. The bill, in the same
manner as a similar effort in the 126th Legislature, fell to a veto from LePage
that was sustained.


Another bill proposed by Uber also was the focus of six of the top 50 lobbying
clients, but it cleared a veto to set statewide rules for it and other
ridesharing companies.


A different look


The lobbying information in Maine making possible policy making insights that
are relatively rare from the available lobbying information, according to Quist,
but he said there are still improvements states such as Maine can make.


That includes putting dates indicating the month in which certain lobbying was
reported, to better enable tying certain lobbying efforts to the legislative
process.


For the improvements ahead, Wayne said the ethics commission hopes to provide
more information, clearly, in fewer clicks.


Â

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              105 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

Here's who's influencing Maine lawmakers

BYLINE: Darren Fishell BDN Staff

LENGTH: 1566 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- If you seek to know who's pushing Maine lawmakers to vote one
way or the other, welcome to a tangle of spreadsheets and digital documents.


In one set of data, lobbyists get paid. In another, they work on certain
legislative documents. The titles of those bills? They're somewhere else.


For the 50 lobbying clients who spent the most in 2015, the Bangor Daily News
took a dive into that web of information, linking together what those entities
spent with the bills they sought to influence and what has, so far in this
ongoing session, happened with those bills.


It's an exercise the Maine Ethics Commission also is going through as it
prepares for another update to its website that Jonathan Wayne, the commission's
executive director, said will bring "significant improvements in the next year."


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Lobbydash?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="635px"][/tableau]


The commission has hired the Indianapolis-based company InnovateMap for the
work, which Wayne said "is a long-term project as well."


Maine has a relative abundance of information about lobbying activity, albeit
self-reported and unaudited. The key component of that is how much lobbyists
reported getting paid. The key problem is presenting that information in a way
that's at all understandable.


"We get a good deal of information, and we would like it to be as accessible to
the public as it can be," Wayne said.


The project doesn't involve changing what or how that information is disclosed,
just how it's presented.


Dollar for dollar


Lobbying makes up a substantial amount of influence on Maine lawmakers, measured
in dollars. For the lobbying year from November 2014 to November 2015, more than
400 entities hired 229 lobbyists and spent $4.8 million, according to year-end
disclosure reports.


That's more than one-third the amount outside groups spent in Maine's 2014
gubernatorial and legislative races.


The top 50 lobbying clients -- 12 percent of the total -- in 2015 supported
about 44 percent of the lobbying spending, at $2.1 million.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Top50context?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="210px"][/tableau]


Not every state tracks those figures.


"Only about half of the states require that lobbyists report what they get
paid," said Peter Quist, research director at the Montana-based Institute on
Money in State Politics, which compiles and analyzes state-level campaign
finance reports.


Quist and his team have dealt with that data firsthand as they look to expand
their own database offerings in the coming months to include lobbying
disclosures for states that do provide compensation information.


"That lobbyist compensation is the key piece," he said.


Wayne said the Maine commission's upgrade focuses on clearer presentation and
more searches of that financial information.


Some states only require lobbyists to report spending on lawmakers, for events
or gifts given. Maine also requires lobbyists to report what they were paid for
activities defined as direct or indirect lobbying.


Lawmakers don't have to disclose certain meals or gifts worth less than $300,
and strict interpretations of the disclosure law leaves room for lobbyists to
omit some compensation from a client from state reports. In Wisconsin, lobbyists
also disclose in general terms where they stood on a bill, whether for, against
or neither.


But Maine's gets better rankings for disclosure than most states. A review by
the Sunlight Foundation last year gave Maine a 'B' -- a 3 on a scale from -3 to
6 -- for what it requires lobbyists to disclose.


"Only a few states have information about what bills a client is interested in,"
Quist said.


And what is disclosed is revealing, if hard to find.


Connecting the dots


The spending is key, but just one piece of the puzzle that should be clear to
the public on disclosure sites, Quist said.


"You want to know what each client is spending, who they're paying and what
they're lobbying on," Quist said. "Those three pieces need to be searchable and
linked to the rest."


For anyone researching lobbying influence on a particular law, the ethics
commission's website provides a start, but it doesn't connect all of those dots.


Wayne said the commission may seek in its new website to have pages with more
financial information about lobbying link directly to the legislative website,
where someone could find information about the status of bills and related
testimony.


The commission's current lobbying search allows people to search for lobbying
activity on a particular bill, showing which lobbyists reported working on that
bill during a given session, but not the financial information.


There are multiple ways to review the results of putting those sources together.


By industry, the data shows the bulk of lobbying interest came from health care
and natural resources. It's a starting point to assess the result of that
lobbying, for which high spending doesn't necessarily mean results.


Aroostook Resources Inc., the J.D. Irving subsidiary seeking to open metallic
mineral mining at Bald Mountain, was the year's second-highest spender, putting
$104,314 into lobbying primarily on three mining bills that died in the House or
were shelved.


Penobscot Energy Recovery Co., the waste-to-energy facility in Orrington, was
the year's top spender. Four of six bills it lobbied on to encourage
municipalities to recycle or dispose of their solid waste at a waste-to-energy
facility died.


One to add waste energy to the state's renewable portfolio standard, LD 273, and
another draft to make a variety of changes to encourage recycling and open
funding to the state's three waste-to-energy facilities, LD 313, were carried
over to the current session.


PERC's was among the most focused lobbying efforts of the session, according to
a BDN analysis.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Lobbyinginfluence?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert=""
refresh="" linktarget="" width="100%" height="785px"][/tableau]


The big picture


The ethics commission's website allows quick searches of lobbying on specific
bills, but broader analysis of all lobbying activity in the state requires a bit
more effort.


In general, Quist said, the more raw data, the better.


"Without that being downloadable, it really restricts the user to only answer
any questions that they can see the answer to on one screen, which is basically
this much was spent by this filer on this date," Quist said.


On the campaign finance side, he said, Maine's uncommon in providing easy access
to those contribution and expenditure files.


On the lobbying side, that data gives a picture of the bills lobbied the
hardest.


For the top 50 lobbying clients, that was Gov. Paul LePage's budget, where 19 of
the 50 clients put the attention of 25 different lobbyists.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Mostlobbied?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="635px"][/tableau]


Altogether, those entities lobbied on 982 different bills.


The bills that got the most attention after that reflect the infrequency of
bills to make it into law, and the attention to bills that don't necessarily
make headlines.


The second most-lobbied bill, LD 810, passed into law with support from health
care provider networks and drug giant Pfizer, allowing pharmacies more latitude
in prescribing drugs in the interest of letting a person pick up each
prescriptions at the same time.


Among the next six most-lobbied bills, five died and one was carried over.
Others reflect the challenge of tracing influence from a bill's star to its
finish.


Two of the most lobbied bills elicited gubernatorial vetoes with different
outcomes. One, LD 289, sought to loosen state law requiring physicians to first
prescribe drugs deemed to be the least expensive effective option before turning
to more costly drugs, a strategy for keeping down health care costs called "step
therapy."


The Maine Medical Association supported the bill, saying "step therapy" leaves
some treatment decisions in the hands of insurance companies and not physicians.


Insurers opposed the bill, testifying against it, and health exchange co-op
Maine Community Health Options reported spending at least $1,000 to lobby on the
bill, including $1,600 to lobby the executive branch. The bill, in the same
manner as a similar effort in the 126th Legislature, fell to a veto from LePage
that was sustained.


Another bill proposed by Uber also was the focus of six of the top 50 lobbying
clients, but it cleared a veto to set statewide rules for it and other
ridesharing companies.


A different look


The lobbying information in Maine making possible policy making insights that
are relatively rare from the available lobbying information, according to Quist,
but he said there are still improvements states such as Maine can make.


That includes putting dates indicating the month in which certain lobbying was
reported, to better enable tying certain lobbying efforts to the legislative
process.


For the improvements ahead, Wayne said the ethics commission hopes to provide
more information, clearly, in fewer clicks.


Â

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              106 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

Here's who's influencing Maine lawmakers

BYLINE: Darren Fishell BDN Staff

LENGTH: 1566 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- If you seek to know who's pushing Maine lawmakers to vote one
way or the other, welcome to a tangle of spreadsheets and digital documents.


In one set of data, lobbyists get paid. In another, they work on certain
legislative documents. The titles of those bills? They're somewhere else.


For the 50 lobbying clients who spent the most in 2015, the Bangor Daily News
took a dive into that web of information, linking together what those entities
spent with the bills they sought to influence and what has, so far in this
ongoing session, happened with those bills.


It's an exercise the Maine Ethics Commission also is going through as it
prepares for another update to its website that Jonathan Wayne, the commission's
executive director, said will bring "significant improvements in the next year."


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Lobbydash?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="635px"][/tableau]


The commission has hired the Indianapolis-based company InnovateMap for the
work, which Wayne said "is a long-term project as well."


Maine has a relative abundance of information about lobbying activity, albeit
self-reported and unaudited. The key component of that is how much lobbyists
reported getting paid. The key problem is presenting that information in a way
that's at all understandable.


"We get a good deal of information, and we would like it to be as accessible to
the public as it can be," Wayne said.


The project doesn't involve changing what or how that information is disclosed,
just how it's presented.


Dollar for dollar


Lobbying makes up a substantial amount of influence on Maine lawmakers, measured
in dollars. For the lobbying year from November 2014 to November 2015, more than
400 entities hired 229 lobbyists and spent $4.8 million, according to year-end
disclosure reports.


That's more than one-third the amount outside groups spent in Maine's 2014
gubernatorial and legislative races.


The top 50 lobbying clients -- 12 percent of the total -- in 2015 supported
about 44 percent of the lobbying spending, at $2.1 million.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Top50context?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="210px"][/tableau]


Not every state tracks those figures.


"Only about half of the states require that lobbyists report what they get
paid," said Peter Quist, research director at the Montana-based Institute on
Money in State Politics, which compiles and analyzes state-level campaign
finance reports.


Quist and his team have dealt with that data firsthand as they look to expand
their own database offerings in the coming months to include lobbying
disclosures for states that do provide compensation information.


"That lobbyist compensation is the key piece," he said.


Wayne said the Maine commission's upgrade focuses on clearer presentation and
more searches of that financial information.


Some states only require lobbyists to report spending on lawmakers, for events
or gifts given. Maine also requires lobbyists to report what they were paid for
activities defined as direct or indirect lobbying.


Lawmakers don't have to disclose certain meals or gifts worth less than $300,
and strict interpretations of the disclosure law leaves room for lobbyists to
omit some compensation from a client from state reports. In Wisconsin, lobbyists
also disclose in general terms where they stood on a bill, whether for, against
or neither.


But Maine's gets better rankings for disclosure than most states. A review by
the Sunlight Foundation last year gave Maine a 'B' -- a 3 on a scale from -3 to
6 -- for what it requires lobbyists to disclose.


"Only a few states have information about what bills a client is interested in,"
Quist said.


And what is disclosed is revealing, if hard to find.


Connecting the dots


The spending is key, but just one piece of the puzzle that should be clear to
the public on disclosure sites, Quist said.


"You want to know what each client is spending, who they're paying and what
they're lobbying on," Quist said. "Those three pieces need to be searchable and
linked to the rest."


For anyone researching lobbying influence on a particular law, the ethics
commission's website provides a start, but it doesn't connect all of those dots.


Wayne said the commission may seek in its new website to have pages with more
financial information about lobbying link directly to the legislative website,
where someone could find information about the status of bills and related
testimony.


The commission's current lobbying search allows people to search for lobbying
activity on a particular bill, showing which lobbyists reported working on that
bill during a given session, but not the financial information.


There are multiple ways to review the results of putting those sources together.


By industry, the data shows the bulk of lobbying interest came from health care
and natural resources. It's a starting point to assess the result of that
lobbying, for which high spending doesn't necessarily mean results.


Aroostook Resources Inc., the J.D. Irving subsidiary seeking to open metallic
mineral mining at Bald Mountain, was the year's second-highest spender, putting
$104,314 into lobbying primarily on three mining bills that died in the House or
were shelved.


Penobscot Energy Recovery Co., the waste-to-energy facility in Orrington, was
the year's top spender. Four of six bills it lobbied on to encourage
municipalities to recycle or dispose of their solid waste at a waste-to-energy
facility died.


One to add waste energy to the state's renewable portfolio standard, LD 273, and
another draft to make a variety of changes to encourage recycling and open
funding to the state's three waste-to-energy facilities, LD 313, were carried
over to the current session.


PERC's was among the most focused lobbying efforts of the session, according to
a BDN analysis.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Lobbyinginfluence?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert=""
refresh="" linktarget="" width="100%" height="785px"][/tableau]


The big picture


The ethics commission's website allows quick searches of lobbying on specific
bills, but broader analysis of all lobbying activity in the state requires a bit
more effort.


In general, Quist said, the more raw data, the better.


"Without that being downloadable, it really restricts the user to only answer
any questions that they can see the answer to on one screen, which is basically
this much was spent by this filer on this date," Quist said.


On the campaign finance side, he said, Maine's uncommon in providing easy access
to those contribution and expenditure files.


On the lobbying side, that data gives a picture of the bills lobbied the
hardest.


For the top 50 lobbying clients, that was Gov. Paul LePage's budget, where 19 of
the 50 clients put the attention of 25 different lobbyists.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Mostlobbied?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="635px"][/tableau]


Altogether, those entities lobbied on 982 different bills.


The bills that got the most attention after that reflect the infrequency of
bills to make it into law, and the attention to bills that don't necessarily
make headlines.


The second most-lobbied bill, LD 810, passed into law with support from health
care provider networks and drug giant Pfizer, allowing pharmacies more latitude
in prescribing drugs in the interest of letting a person pick up each
prescriptions at the same time.


Among the next six most-lobbied bills, five died and one was carried over.
Others reflect the challenge of tracing influence from a bill's star to its
finish.


Two of the most lobbied bills elicited gubernatorial vetoes with different
outcomes. One, LD 289, sought to loosen state law requiring physicians to first
prescribe drugs deemed to be the least expensive effective option before turning
to more costly drugs, a strategy for keeping down health care costs called "step
therapy."


The Maine Medical Association supported the bill, saying "step therapy" leaves
some treatment decisions in the hands of insurance companies and not physicians.


Insurers opposed the bill, testifying against it, and health exchange co-op
Maine Community Health Options reported spending at least $1,000 to lobby on the
bill, including $1,600 to lobby the executive branch. The bill, in the same
manner as a similar effort in the 126th Legislature, fell to a veto from LePage
that was sustained.


Another bill proposed by Uber also was the focus of six of the top 50 lobbying
clients, but it cleared a veto to set statewide rules for it and other
ridesharing companies.


A different look


The lobbying information in Maine making possible policy making insights that
are relatively rare from the available lobbying information, according to Quist,
but he said there are still improvements states such as Maine can make.


That includes putting dates indicating the month in which certain lobbying was
reported, to better enable tying certain lobbying efforts to the legislative
process.


For the improvements ahead, Wayne said the ethics commission hopes to provide
more information, clearly, in fewer clicks.


Â

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              107 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            February 9, 2016 Tuesday

FOR 6AM WEDNESDAY POST Why it's hard to figure out who's influencing Maine
lawmakers

BYLINE: Darren Fishell BDN Staff

LENGTH: 1565 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- If you seek to know who's pushing Maine lawmakers to vote one
way or the other, welcome to a tangle of spreadsheets and digital documents.


In one set of data, lobbyists get paid. In another, they work on certain
legislative documents. The titles of those bills? They're somewhere else.


For the 50 lobbying clients who spent the most in 2015, the Bangor Daily News
took a dive into that web of information, linking together what those entities
spent with the bills they sought to influence and what has, so far in this
ongoing session, happened with those bills.


It's an exercise the Maine Ethics Commission also is going through as it
prepares for another update to its website that Jonathan Wayne, the commission's
executive director, said will bring "significant improvements in the next year."


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Lobbydash?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="635px"][/tableau]


The commission has hired the Indianapolis-based company InnovateMap for the
work, which Wayne said "is a long-term project as well."


Maine has a relative abundance of information about lobbying activity, albeit
self-reported and unaudited. The key component of that is how much lobbyists
reported getting paid. The key problem is presenting that information in a way
that's at all understandable.


"We get a good deal of information, and we would like it to be as accessible to
the public as it can be," Wayne said.


The project doesn't involve changing what or how that information is disclosed,
just how it's presented.


Dollar for dollar


Lobbying makes up a substantial amount of influence on Maine lawmakers, measured
in dollars. For the lobbying year from November 2014 to November 2015, more than
400 entities hired 229 lobbyists and spent $4.8 million, according to year-end
disclosure reports.


That's more than one-third the amount outside groups spent in Maine's 2014
gubernatorial and legislative races.


The top 50 lobbying clients (12 percent of the total) in 2015 supported about 44
percent of the lobbying spending, at $2.1 million.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Top50context?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="210px"][/tableau]


Not every state tracks those figures.


"Only about half of the states require that lobbyists report what they get
paid," said Peter Quist, research director at the Montana-based Institute for
Money in State Politics, which compiles and analyzes state-level campaign
finance reports.


Quist and his team have dealt with that data firsthand as they look to expand
their own database offerings in the coming months to include lobbying
disclosures for states that do provide compensation information.


"That lobbyist compensation is the key piece," he said.


Wayne said the Maine commission's upgrade focuses on clearer presentation and
more searches of that financial information.


Some states only require lobbyists to report spending on lawmakers, for events
or gifts given. Maine also requires lobbyists to report what they were paid for
activities defined as direct or indirect lobbying.


Lawmakers don't have to disclose certain meals or gifts worth less than $300,
and strict interpretations of the disclosure law leaves room for lobbyists to
omit some compensation from a client from state reports. In Wisconsin, lobbyists
also disclose in general terms where they stood on a bill, whether for, against
or neither.


But Maine's gets better rankings for disclosure than most states. A review by
the Sunlight Foundation last year gave Maine a 'B' -- a 3 on a scale from -3 to
6 -- for what it requires lobbyists to disclose.


"Only a few states have information about what bills a client is interested in,"
Quist said.


And what is disclosed is revealing, if hard to find.


Connecting the dots


The spending is key, but just one piece of the puzzle that should be clear to
the public on disclosure sites, Quist said.


"You want to know what each client is spending, who they're paying and what
they're lobbying on," Quist said. "Those three pieces need to be searchable and
linked to the rest."


For anyone researching lobbying influence on a particular law, the ethics
commission's website provides a start, but it doesn't connect all of those dots.


Wayne said the commission may seek in its new website to have pages with more
financial information about lobbying link directly to the legislative website,
where someone could find information about the status of bills and related
testimony.


The commission's current lobbying search allows people to search for lobbying
activity on a particular bill, showing which lobbyists reported working on that
bill during a given session, but not the financial information.


There are multiple ways to review the results of putting those sources together.


By industry, the data shows the bulk of lobbying interest came from health care
and natural resources. It's a starting point to assess the result of that
lobbying, for which high spending doesn't necessarily mean results.


Aroostook Resources Inc., the J.D. Irving subsidiary seeking to open metallic
mineral mining at Bald Mountain, was the year's second-highest spender, putting
$104,314 into lobbying primarily on three mining bills that died in the House or
were shelved.


Penobscot Energy Recovery Co., the waste-to-energy facility in Orrington, was
the year's top spender. Four of six bills it lobbied on to encourage
municipalities to recycle or dispose of their solid waste at a waste-to-energy
facility died.


One to add waste energy to the state's renewable portfolio standard, LD 273, and
another draft to make a variety of changes to encourage recycling and open
funding to the state's three waste-to-energy facilities, LD 313, were carried
over to the current session.


PERC's was among the most focused lobbying efforts of the session, according to
a BDN analysis.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Lobbyinginfluence?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert=""
refresh="" linktarget="" width="100%" height="785px"][/tableau]


The big picture


The ethics commission's website allows quick searches of lobbying on specific
bills, but broader analysis of all lobbying activity in the state requires a bit
more effort.


In general, Quist said, the more raw data, the better.


"Without that being downloadable, it really restricts the user to only answer
any questions that they can see the answer to on one screen, which is basically
this much was spent by this filer on this date," Quist said.


On the campaign finance side, he said, Maine's uncommon in providing easy access
to those contribution and expenditure files.


On the lobbying side, that data gives a picture of the bills lobbied the
hardest.


For the top 50 lobbying clients, that was Gov. Paul LePage's budget, where 19 of
the 50 clients put the attention of 25 different lobbyists.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Mostlobbied?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="635px"][/tableau]


Altogether, those entities lobbied on 982 different bills.


The bills that got the most attention after that reflect the infrequency of
bills to make it into law, and the attention to bills that don't necessarily
make headlines.


The second most-lobbied bill, LD 810, passed into law with support from health
care provider networks and drug giant Pfizer, allowing pharmacies more latitude
in prescribing drugs in the interest of letting a person pick up each
prescriptions at the same time.


Among the next six most-lobbied bills, five died and one was carried over.
Others reflect the challenge of tracing influence from a bill's star to its
finish.


Two of the most lobbied bills elicited gubernatorial vetoes with different
outcomes. One, LD 289, sought to loosen state law requiring physicians to first
prescribe drugs deemed to be the least expensive effective option before turning
to more costly drugs, a strategy for keeping down health care costs called "step
therapy."


The Maine Medical Association supported the bill, saying "step therapy" leaves
some treatment decisions in the hands of insurance companies and not physicians.


Insurers opposed the bill, testifying against it, and health exchange co-op
Maine Community Health Options reported spending at least $1,000 to lobby on the
bill, including $1,600 to lobby the executive branch. The bill, in the same
manner as a similar effort in the 126th Legislature, fell to a veto from LePage
that was sustained.


Another bill proposed by Uber also was the focus of six of the top 50 lobbying
clients, but it cleared a veto to set statewide rules for it and other
ridesharing companies.


A different look


The lobbying information in Maine making possible policy making insights that
are relatively rare from the available lobbying information, according to Quist,
but he said there are still improvements states such as Maine can make.


That includes putting dates indicating the month in which certain lobbying was
reported, to better enable tying certain lobbying efforts to the legislative
process.


For the improvements ahead, Wayne said the ethics commission hopes to provide
more information, clearly, in fewer clicks.


Â

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              108 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            February 9, 2016 Tuesday

FOR 6AM WEDNESDAY POST Why it's hard to figure out who's influencing Maine
lawmakers

BYLINE: Darren Fishell BDN Staff

LENGTH: 1565 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- If you seek to know who's pushing Maine lawmakers to vote one
way or the other, welcome to a tangle of spreadsheets and digital documents.


In one set of data, lobbyists get paid. In another, they work on certain
legislative documents. The titles of those bills? They're somewhere else.


For the 50 lobbying clients who spent the most in 2015, the Bangor Daily News
took a dive into that web of information, linking together what those entities
spent with the bills they sought to influence and what has, so far in this
ongoing session, happened with those bills.


It's an exercise the Maine Ethics Commission also is going through as it
prepares for another update to its website that Jonathan Wayne, the commission's
executive director, said will bring "significant improvements in the next year."


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Lobbydash?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="635px"][/tableau]


The commission has hired the Indianapolis-based company InnovateMap for the
work, which Wayne said "is a long-term project as well."


Maine has a relative abundance of information about lobbying activity, albeit
self-reported and unaudited. The key component of that is how much lobbyists
reported getting paid. The key problem is presenting that information in a way
that's at all understandable.


"We get a good deal of information, and we would like it to be as accessible to
the public as it can be," Wayne said.


The project doesn't involve changing what or how that information is disclosed,
just how it's presented.


Dollar for dollar


Lobbying makes up a substantial amount of influence on Maine lawmakers, measured
in dollars. For the lobbying year from November 2014 to November 2015, more than
400 entities hired 229 lobbyists and spent $4.8 million, according to year-end
disclosure reports.


That's more than one-third the amount outside groups spent in Maine's 2014
gubernatorial and legislative races.


The top 50 lobbying clients (12 percent of the total) in 2015 supported about 44
percent of the lobbying spending, at $2.1 million.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Top50context?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="210px"][/tableau]


Not every state tracks those figures.


"Only about half of the states require that lobbyists report what they get
paid," said Peter Quist, research director at the Montana-based Institute for
Money in State Politics, which compiles and analyzes state-level campaign
finance reports.


Quist and his team have dealt with that data firsthand as they look to expand
their own database offerings in the coming months to include lobbying
disclosures for states that do provide compensation information.


"That lobbyist compensation is the key piece," he said.


Wayne said the Maine commission's upgrade focuses on clearer presentation and
more searches of that financial information.


Some states only require lobbyists to report spending on lawmakers, for events
or gifts given. Maine also requires lobbyists to report what they were paid for
activities defined as direct or indirect lobbying.


Lawmakers don't have to disclose certain meals or gifts worth less than $300,
and strict interpretations of the disclosure law leaves room for lobbyists to
omit some compensation from a client from state reports. In Wisconsin, lobbyists
also disclose in general terms where they stood on a bill, whether for, against
or neither.


But Maine's gets better rankings for disclosure than most states. A review by
the Sunlight Foundation last year gave Maine a 'B' -- a 3 on a scale from -3 to
6 -- for what it requires lobbyists to disclose.


"Only a few states have information about what bills a client is interested in,"
Quist said.


And what is disclosed is revealing, if hard to find.


Connecting the dots


The spending is key, but just one piece of the puzzle that should be clear to
the public on disclosure sites, Quist said.


"You want to know what each client is spending, who they're paying and what
they're lobbying on," Quist said. "Those three pieces need to be searchable and
linked to the rest."


For anyone researching lobbying influence on a particular law, the ethics
commission's website provides a start, but it doesn't connect all of those dots.


Wayne said the commission may seek in its new website to have pages with more
financial information about lobbying link directly to the legislative website,
where someone could find information about the status of bills and related
testimony.


The commission's current lobbying search allows people to search for lobbying
activity on a particular bill, showing which lobbyists reported working on that
bill during a given session, but not the financial information.


There are multiple ways to review the results of putting those sources together.


By industry, the data shows the bulk of lobbying interest came from health care
and natural resources. It's a starting point to assess the result of that
lobbying, for which high spending doesn't necessarily mean results.


Aroostook Resources Inc., the J.D. Irving subsidiary seeking to open metallic
mineral mining at Bald Mountain, was the year's second-highest spender, putting
$104,314 into lobbying primarily on three mining bills that died in the House or
were shelved.


Penobscot Energy Recovery Co., the waste-to-energy facility in Orrington, was
the year's top spender. Four of six bills it lobbied on to encourage
municipalities to recycle or dispose of their solid waste at a waste-to-energy
facility died.


One to add waste energy to the state's renewable portfolio standard, LD 273, and
another draft to make a variety of changes to encourage recycling and open
funding to the state's three waste-to-energy facilities, LD 313, were carried
over to the current session.


PERC's was among the most focused lobbying efforts of the session, according to
a BDN analysis.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Lobbyinginfluence?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert=""
refresh="" linktarget="" width="100%" height="785px"][/tableau]


The big picture


The ethics commission's website allows quick searches of lobbying on specific
bills, but broader analysis of all lobbying activity in the state requires a bit
more effort.


In general, Quist said, the more raw data, the better.


"Without that being downloadable, it really restricts the user to only answer
any questions that they can see the answer to on one screen, which is basically
this much was spent by this filer on this date," Quist said.


On the campaign finance side, he said, Maine's uncommon in providing easy access
to those contribution and expenditure files.


On the lobbying side, that data gives a picture of the bills lobbied the
hardest.


For the top 50 lobbying clients, that was Gov. Paul LePage's budget, where 19 of
the 50 clients put the attention of 25 different lobbyists.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Mostlobbied?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="635px"][/tableau]


Altogether, those entities lobbied on 982 different bills.


The bills that got the most attention after that reflect the infrequency of
bills to make it into law, and the attention to bills that don't necessarily
make headlines.


The second most-lobbied bill, LD 810, passed into law with support from health
care provider networks and drug giant Pfizer, allowing pharmacies more latitude
in prescribing drugs in the interest of letting a person pick up each
prescriptions at the same time.


Among the next six most-lobbied bills, five died and one was carried over.
Others reflect the challenge of tracing influence from a bill's star to its
finish.


Two of the most lobbied bills elicited gubernatorial vetoes with different
outcomes. One, LD 289, sought to loosen state law requiring physicians to first
prescribe drugs deemed to be the least expensive effective option before turning
to more costly drugs, a strategy for keeping down health care costs called "step
therapy."


The Maine Medical Association supported the bill, saying "step therapy" leaves
some treatment decisions in the hands of insurance companies and not physicians.


Insurers opposed the bill, testifying against it, and health exchange co-op
Maine Community Health Options reported spending at least $1,000 to lobby on the
bill, including $1,600 to lobby the executive branch. The bill, in the same
manner as a similar effort in the 126th Legislature, fell to a veto from LePage
that was sustained.


Another bill proposed by Uber also was the focus of six of the top 50 lobbying
clients, but it cleared a veto to set statewide rules for it and other
ridesharing companies.


A different look


The lobbying information in Maine making possible policy making insights that
are relatively rare from the available lobbying information, according to Quist,
but he said there are still improvements states such as Maine can make.


That includes putting dates indicating the month in which certain lobbying was
reported, to better enable tying certain lobbying efforts to the legislative
process.


For the improvements ahead, Wayne said the ethics commission hopes to provide
more information, clearly, in fewer clicks.


Â

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              109 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            February 5, 2016 Friday

CHECK WITH TONY RONZIO OR JUDY LONG FOR POSTING TIME/DATE Why it's hard to
figure out who's influencing Maine lawmakers

BYLINE: Darren Fishell BDN Staff

LENGTH: 1565 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- If you seek to know who's pushing Maine lawmakers to vote one
way or the other, welcome to a tangle of spreadsheets and digital documents.


In one set of data, lobbyists get paid. In another, they work on certain
legislative documents. The titles of those bills? They're somewhere else.


For the 50 lobbying clients who spent the most in 2015, the Bangor Daily News
took a dive into that web of information, linking together what those entities
spent with the bills they sought to influence and what has, so far in this
ongoing session, happened with those bills.


It's an exercise the Maine Ethics Commission also is going through as it
prepares for another update to its website that Jonathan Wayne, the commission's
executive director, said will bring "significant improvements in the next year."


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Lobbydash?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="635px"][/tableau]


The commission has hired the Indianapolis-based company InnovateMap for the
work, which Wayne said "is a long-term project as well."


Maine has a relative abundance of information about lobbying activity, albeit
self-reported and unaudited. The key component of that is how much lobbyists
reported getting paid. The key problem is presenting that information in a way
that's at all understandable.


"We get a good deal of information, and we would like it to be as accessible to
the public as it can be," Wayne said.


The project doesn't involve changing what or how that information is disclosed,
just how it's presented.


Dollar for dollar


Lobbying makes up a substantial amount of influence on Maine lawmakers, measured
in dollars. For the lobbying year from November 2014 to November 2015, more than
400 entities hired 229 lobbyists and spent $4.8 million, according to year-end
disclosure reports.


That's more than one-third the amount outside groups spent in Maine's 2014
gubernatorial and legislative races.


The top 50 lobbying clients (12 percent of the total) in 2015 supported about 44
percent of the lobbying spending, at $2.1 million.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Top50context?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="210px"][/tableau]


Not every state tracks those figures.


"Only about half of the states require that lobbyists report what they get
paid," said Peter Quist, research director at the Montana-based Institute for
Money in State Politics, which compiles and analyzes state-level campaign
finance reports.


Quist and his team have dealt with that data firsthand as they look to expand
their own database offerings in the coming months to include lobbying
disclosures for states that do provide compensation information.


"That lobbyist compensation is the key piece," he said.


Wayne said the Maine commission's upgrade focuses on clearer presentation and
more searches of that financial information.


Some states only require lobbyists to report spending on lawmakers, for events
or gifts given. Maine also requires lobbyists to report what they were paid for
activities defined as direct or indirect lobbying.


Lawmakers don't have to disclose certain meals or gifts worth less than $300,
and strict interpretations of the disclosure law leaves room for lobbyists to
omit some compensation from a client from state reports. In Wisconsin, lobbyists
also disclose in general terms where they stood on a bill, whether for, against
or neither.


But Maine's gets better rankings for disclosure than most states. A review by
the Sunlight Foundation last year gave Maine a 'B' -- a 3 on a scale from -3 to
6 -- for what it requires lobbyists to disclose.


"Only a few states have information about what bills a client is interested in,"
Quist said.


And what is disclosed is revealing, if hard to find.


Connecting the dots


The spending is key, but just one piece of the puzzle that should be clear to
the public on disclosure sites, Quist said.


"You want to know what each client is spending, who they're paying and what
they're lobbying on," Quist said. "Those three pieces need to be searchable and
linked to the rest."


For anyone researching lobbying influence on a particular law, the ethics
commission's website provides a start, but it doesn't connect all of those dots.


Wayne said the commission may seek in its new website to have pages with more
financial information about lobbying link directly to the legislative website,
where someone could find information about the status of bills and related
testimony.


The commission's current lobbying search allows people to search for lobbying
activity on a particular bill, showing which lobbyists reported working on that
bill during a given session, but not the financial information.


There are multiple ways to review the results of putting those sources together.


By industry, the data shows the bulk of lobbying interest came from health care
and natural resources. It's a starting point to assess the result of that
lobbying, for which high spending doesn't necessarily mean results.


Aroostook Resources Inc., the J.D. Irving subsidiary seeking to open metallic
mineral mining at Bald Mountain, was the year's second-highest spender, putting
$104,314 into lobbying primarily on three mining bills that died in the House or
were shelved.


Penobscot Energy Recovery Co., the waste-to-energy facility in Orrington, was
the year's top spender. Four of six bills it lobbied on to encourage
municipalities to recycle or dispose of their solid waste at a waste-to-energy
facility died.


One to add waste energy to the state's renewable portfolio standard, LD 273, and
another draft to make a variety of changes to encourage recycling and open
funding to the state's three waste-to-energy facilities, LD 313, were carried
over to the current session.


PERC's was among the most focused lobbying efforts of the session, according to
a BDN analysis.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Lobbyinginfluence?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert=""
refresh="" linktarget="" width="100%" height="785px"][/tableau]


The big picture


The ethics commission's website allows quick searches of lobbying on specific
bills, but broader analysis of all lobbying activity in the state requires a bit
more effort.


In general, Quist said, the more raw data, the better.


"Without that being downloadable, it really restricts the user to only answer
any questions that they can see the answer to on one screen, which is basically
this much was spent by this filer on this date," Quist said.


On the campaign finance side, he said, Maine's uncommon in providing easy access
to those contribution and expenditure files.


On the lobbying side, that data gives a picture of the bills lobbied the
hardest.


For the top 50 lobbying clients, that was Gov. Paul LePage's budget, where 19 of
the 50 clients put the attention of 25 different lobbyists.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Mostlobbied?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="635px"][/tableau]


Altogether, those entities lobbied on 982 different bills.


The bills that got the most attention after that reflect the infrequency of
bills to make it into law, and the attention to bills that don't necessarily
make headlines.


The second most-lobbied bill, LD 810, passed into law with support from health
care provider networks and drug giant Pfizer, allowing pharmacies more latitude
in prescribing drugs in the interest of letting a person pick up each
prescriptions at the same time.


Among the next six most-lobbied bills, five died and one was carried over.
Others reflect the challenge of tracing influence from a bill's star to its
finish.


Two of the most lobbied bills elicited gubernatorial vetoes with different
outcomes. One, LD 289, sought to loosen state law requiring physicians to first
prescribe drugs deemed to be the least expensive effective option before turning
to more costly drugs, a strategy for keeping down health care costs called "step
therapy."


The Maine Medical Association supported the bill, saying "step therapy" leaves
some treatment decisions in the hands of insurance companies and not physicians.


Insurers opposed the bill, testifying against it, and health exchange co-op
Maine Community Health Options reported spending at least $1,000 to lobby on the
bill, including $1,600 to lobby the executive branch. The bill, in the same
manner as a similar effort in the 126th Legislature, fell to a veto from LePage
that was sustained.


Another bill proposed by Uber also was the focus of six of the top 50 lobbying
clients, but it cleared a veto to set statewide rules for it and other
ridesharing companies.


A different look


The lobbying information in Maine making possible policy making insights that
are relatively rare from the available lobbying information, according to Quist,
but he said there are still improvements states such as Maine can make.


That includes putting dates indicating the month in which certain lobbying was
reported, to better enable tying certain lobbying efforts to the legislative
process.


For the improvements ahead, Wayne said the ethics commission hopes to provide
more information, clearly, in fewer clicks.


Â

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              110 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            February 5, 2016 Friday

CHECK WITH TONY RONZIO OR JUDY LONG FOR POSTING TIME/DATE Why it's hard to
figure out who's influencing Maine lawmakers

BYLINE: Darren Fishell BDN Staff

LENGTH: 1565 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- If you seek to know who's pushing Maine lawmakers to vote one
way or the other, welcome to a tangle of spreadsheets and digital documents.


In one set of data, lobbyists get paid. In another, they work on certain
legislative documents. The titles of those bills? They're somewhere else.


For the 50 lobbying clients who spent the most in 2015, the Bangor Daily News
took a dive into that web of information, linking together what those entities
spent with the bills they sought to influence and what has, so far in this
ongoing session, happened with those bills.


It's an exercise the Maine Ethics Commission also is going through as it
prepares for another update to its website that Jonathan Wayne, the commission's
executive director, said will bring "significant improvements in the next year."


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Lobbydash?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="635px"][/tableau]


The commission has hired the Indianapolis-based company InnovateMap for the
work, which Wayne said "is a long-term project as well."


Maine has a relative abundance of information about lobbying activity, albeit
self-reported and unaudited. The key component of that is how much lobbyists
reported getting paid. The key problem is presenting that information in a way
that's at all understandable.


"We get a good deal of information, and we would like it to be as accessible to
the public as it can be," Wayne said.


The project doesn't involve changing what or how that information is disclosed,
just how it's presented.


Dollar for dollar


Lobbying makes up a substantial amount of influence on Maine lawmakers, measured
in dollars. For the lobbying year from November 2014 to November 2015, more than
400 entities hired 229 lobbyists and spent $4.8 million, according to year-end
disclosure reports.


That's more than one-third the amount outside groups spent in Maine's 2014
gubernatorial and legislative races.


The top 50 lobbying clients (12 percent of the total) in 2015 supported about 44
percent of the lobbying spending, at $2.1 million.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Top50context?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="210px"][/tableau]


Not every state tracks those figures.


"Only about half of the states require that lobbyists report what they get
paid," said Peter Quist, research director at the Montana-based Institute for
Money in State Politics, which compiles and analyzes state-level campaign
finance reports.


Quist and his team have dealt with that data firsthand as they look to expand
their own database offerings in the coming months to include lobbying
disclosures for states that do provide compensation information.


"That lobbyist compensation is the key piece," he said.


Wayne said the Maine commission's upgrade focuses on clearer presentation and
more searches of that financial information.


Some states only require lobbyists to report spending on lawmakers, for events
or gifts given. Maine also requires lobbyists to report what they were paid for
activities defined as direct or indirect lobbying.


Lawmakers don't have to disclose certain meals or gifts worth less than $300,
and strict interpretations of the disclosure law leaves room for lobbyists to
omit some compensation from a client from state reports. In Wisconsin, lobbyists
also disclose in general terms where they stood on a bill, whether for, against
or neither.


But Maine's gets better rankings for disclosure than most states. A review by
the Sunlight Foundation last year gave Maine a 'B' -- a 3 on a scale from -3 to
6 -- for what it requires lobbyists to disclose.


"Only a few states have information about what bills a client is interested in,"
Quist said.


And what is disclosed is revealing, if hard to find.


Connecting the dots


The spending is key, but just one piece of the puzzle that should be clear to
the public on disclosure sites, Quist said.


"You want to know what each client is spending, who they're paying and what
they're lobbying on," Quist said. "Those three pieces need to be searchable and
linked to the rest."


For anyone researching lobbying influence on a particular law, the ethics
commission's website provides a start, but it doesn't connect all of those dots.


Wayne said the commission may seek in its new website to have pages with more
financial information about lobbying link directly to the legislative website,
where someone could find information about the status of bills and related
testimony.


The commission's current lobbying search allows people to search for lobbying
activity on a particular bill, showing which lobbyists reported working on that
bill during a given session, but not the financial information.


There are multiple ways to review the results of putting those sources together.


By industry, the data shows the bulk of lobbying interest came from health care
and natural resources. It's a starting point to assess the result of that
lobbying, for which high spending doesn't necessarily mean results.


Aroostook Resources Inc., the J.D. Irving subsidiary seeking to open metallic
mineral mining at Bald Mountain, was the year's second-highest spender, putting
$104,314 into lobbying primarily on three mining bills that died in the House or
were shelved.


Penobscot Energy Recovery Co., the waste-to-energy facility in Orrington, was
the year's top spender. Four of six bills it lobbied on to encourage
municipalities to recycle or dispose of their solid waste at a waste-to-energy
facility died.


One to add waste energy to the state's renewable portfolio standard, LD 273, and
another draft to make a variety of changes to encourage recycling and open
funding to the state's three waste-to-energy facilities, LD 313, were carried
over to the current session.


PERC's was among the most focused lobbying efforts of the session, according to
a BDN analysis.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Lobbyinginfluence?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert=""
refresh="" linktarget="" width="100%" height="785px"][/tableau]


The big picture


The ethics commission's website allows quick searches of lobbying on specific
bills, but broader analysis of all lobbying activity in the state requires a bit
more effort.


In general, Quist said, the more raw data, the better.


"Without that being downloadable, it really restricts the user to only answer
any questions that they can see the answer to on one screen, which is basically
this much was spent by this filer on this date," Quist said.


On the campaign finance side, he said, Maine's uncommon in providing easy access
to those contribution and expenditure files.


On the lobbying side, that data gives a picture of the bills lobbied the
hardest.


For the top 50 lobbying clients, that was Gov. Paul LePage's budget, where 19 of
the 50 clients put the attention of 25 different lobbyists.


[tableau server="public.tableau.com" workbook="Mainestop-paidlobbyists2015"
view="Mostlobbied?:showVizHome=no" tabs="no" toolbar="yes" revert="" refresh=""
linktarget="" width="100%" height="635px"][/tableau]


Altogether, those entities lobbied on 982 different bills.


The bills that got the most attention after that reflect the infrequency of
bills to make it into law, and the attention to bills that don't necessarily
make headlines.


The second most-lobbied bill, LD 810, passed into law with support from health
care provider networks and drug giant Pfizer, allowing pharmacies more latitude
in prescribing drugs in the interest of letting a person pick up each
prescriptions at the same time.


Among the next six most-lobbied bills, five died and one was carried over.
Others reflect the challenge of tracing influence from a bill's star to its
finish.


Two of the most lobbied bills elicited gubernatorial vetoes with different
outcomes. One, LD 289, sought to loosen state law requiring physicians to first
prescribe drugs deemed to be the least expensive effective option before turning
to more costly drugs, a strategy for keeping down health care costs called "step
therapy."


The Maine Medical Association supported the bill, saying "step therapy" leaves
some treatment decisions in the hands of insurance companies and not physicians.


Insurers opposed the bill, testifying against it, and health exchange co-op
Maine Community Health Options reported spending at least $1,000 to lobby on the
bill, including $1,600 to lobby the executive branch. The bill, in the same
manner as a similar effort in the 126th Legislature, fell to a veto from LePage
that was sustained.


Another bill proposed by Uber also was the focus of six of the top 50 lobbying
clients, but it cleared a veto to set statewide rules for it and other
ridesharing companies.


A different look


The lobbying information in Maine making possible policy making insights that
are relatively rare from the available lobbying information, according to Quist,
but he said there are still improvements states such as Maine can make.


That includes putting dates indicating the month in which certain lobbying was
reported, to better enable tying certain lobbying efforts to the legislative
process.


For the improvements ahead, Wayne said the ethics commission hopes to provide
more information, clearly, in fewer clicks.


Â

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              111 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             August 18, 2013 Sunday

Lobbyists' spending thrives on big issues;
Economic recovery is fueling more activity in Tallahassee

BYLINE: Matt Dixon

SECTION: Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 725 words


TALLAHASSEE | If your business is lobbying state lawmakers or the governor's
office, it's likely been a good year.

A rebounding economy, coupled with a slate of controversial public policy
fights, fueled a $7 million increase in spending on firms that lobby the
Legislature and Gov. Rick Scott's office, according to recently filed
expenditure reports.

Most lobbyists interviewed by the Times-Union believe the numbers are going up,
but Jennifer Green, with Tallahassee-based firm Liberty Partners, says it's
impossible to know if fees have gone up or down.

"To make a long story short, I don't really buy the theory that lobbying fees
have increased because no one can know for sure that what is being reported is
totally reliable without an audit," said Green, who has also served as chair of
the Florida Association of Professional Lobbyists.

She is referring to the fact that state law only requires a range of lobbying
fees under $5,000 be reported. For instance, many report a range between
$1-$9,999. The state offers a guide on how to tabulate the fees, but it's an
inexact science.

"I don't know that anyone can determine why lobbying fees would go up year over
year," she said.

Under the state's guide and anecdotal observations from other lobbyists, it does
seem likely that there was some uptick in lobbying spending. Companies,
professional organizations and local governments spent roughly $58 million on
state lobbyists, that's compared to just over $50 million during the period
between April and June in 2012, when applying the state's method of calculation.
Because it includes the end of the legislative session, that period is generally
the most lucrative.

By far the biggest individual expenditures this quarter came from Honeywell
International, which spent $400,000 lobbying the Legislature and another
$220,000 lobbying Scott's office. Others include: Harris Corp. spending $162,000
to lobby both the Legislature and governor's office, and Kansas City-based
Inframanagment, which spent $123,000 to lobby both branches.

Each company is a client of Tallahassee-based Tsamoutales Strategies.

"The economy returning led some who had taken a hiatus from lobbying to return,"
said Brian Ballard, president of Ballard Partners. "It brought spending back to
the pre-downturn levels."

His Tallahassee-based firm, which has a Jacksonville office, led the pack this
quarter bringing in more than $3.5 million. The firm's client list includes
Amazon, Florida Blue, Keiser University and the Toronto Blue Jays.

Controversial issues having to do with incentives for professional sports teams,
education reforms, business tax breaks, and health care also helped boost
lobbying spending.

"I think health care issues at the national level and the changes with the
Affordable Care Act really contributed," said Marty Fiorentino.

His Jacksonville-based firm, The Fiorentino Group, brought in just over
$940,000. His client list includes the Jacksonville Jaguars, St. Johns County
and the Jacksonville Transportation Authority.

"Businesses also just see government relations as being an important part of
what they do," Fiorentino said.

Others say Florida's size and national prominence has also helped drive lobbying
spending.

"People look at Florida as an important key state to be represented in," said
Gus Corbella, a director with Tallahassee-based GreenbertTraurig, which brought
in just over $1 million this quarter.

Along with controversial policy issues, lawmakers also had a budget surplus to
work with for the first time in six years, which meant there was more money up
for grabs. This year's budget included $2.1 billion more in general revenue than
the 2012 version.

If that's a barometer for lobbyists spending, next year promises to be another
good year for the industry.

This month, state economists predicted budget writers would have $870 million
more to work with headed into fiscal year 2014.

Matt Dixon: (352) 233-0777

LOBBYING BY BRANCH

As the economy recovered and lawmakers considered a host of controversial
issues, lobbying spending jumped by roughly $7 million compared to this time
last year.

YEAR EXECUTIVE BRANCH LOBBYING LEGISLATIVE

2012 $21.7 million $29 million

2013 $22.4 million $35 million

TOTAL LOBBYISTS ACROSS THE STATE

Executive branch: 1,518

Legislative branch: 1,518

Note: All numbers are from April to June.

Source: Florida Legislature

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Florida Times-Union


                              112 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 17, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Post-Grad Politics;
A Course on Being a Lobbyist

BYLINE: By IVER PETERSON

SECTION: Section B;  Page 1;  Column 2;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1191 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, March 16


They got their name by lurking around the halls of legislative chambers,
grabbing the lawmakers as they came and went, urging, whispering, promising,
threatening, begging.

Of course, they prefer to call themselves "legislative agents" or better yet,
"public policy advocates." But whatever they are called (and sometimes it is
unprintable), they have become such important fixtures around the Capitol that
the state university now offers a course on lobbying and its eternal variant,
counter-lobbying.

In Public Policy Advocacy, Rutgers University course number 970:672, business
executives, a handful of actual lobbyists and a few graduate students study in
Prof. Stephen Salmore's class, using actual cases. Real-life lobbyists visit the
once-a-week class, taught in the very shadow of the State House dome, to sift
the evidence from some of the recent battles that have played out in the
offices, hallways and, yes, lobbies of the State House, analyzing what went
wrong or right, and how it might have been done (or undone) differently.

One case involved an attempt last year by casino interests to legalize sports
betting, pitting the lust for tax revenues against the aversion for the spread
of gambling. Aversion won out.

Another case concerned the move last year by a harbor pilots' group to control
the jobs in New York Harbor. The harbor initiative was a turf bill in the
language of lobbying, which means that it tried to deliver a special favor to a
particular group.

As Professor Salmore explained to his lobbying hopefuls, such cases abound. Two
others, duly midwifed by lobbyists, were recently released from Assembly
committees. One requires certified public accountants to have college degrees or
the equivalent, a measure that could limit the number of accountants and drive
up accounting fees. The other would let dentists train their own assistants, and
so bypass higher paid school-trained assistants.

"There's an awful lot to learn," said Russell J. Mayer, a student who is an
assistant vice president at AT&T and who recently took over State House lobbying
duties from a 25-year veteran. "There is no way I could duplicate the contacts
and the connections that my predecessor had, so I have to be more
issue-oriented, I have to be believable and I have to be able to acknowledge
where the strengths and weaknesses are in my arguments."

Above all, Professor Salmore tries to show that lobbying is an integral part of
the political process, enshrined in the First Amendment's right of petition.
However bad its odor in some places, he says, it is a natural consequence of a
system that requires new laws to get past two houses of the legislature and
assorted committees and subcommittees, as well as state governors or the
President.

"We have a Madisonian government of checks and balances that provides many, many
access points for influence," Professor Salmore said in an interview, "but we
also have a public culture, which I call the progressive culture, that grew up
in the times of political and corporate monopolies, and that has the idea that
special interests are bad and that we should only think about the public
interest."

According to H. L. Mencken, the first lobbyists got their name in Albany, in
1829, and the practice so offended 19th-century populists that, in 1877, Georgia
made lobbying a crime. Lobbyists are required to register in every state, and
all but Wyoming require practitioners to disclose spending, according a report
by the Northeastern Regional Conference on Lobbying released today.

As a consultant to Republican campaigns in New Jersey, Professor Salmore is a
political player in his own right. So is his co-teacher, Joseph Katz, a retired
dean of Trenton lobbyists who put his talents to use to line up some of the
course's guests.

"He pretty much lobbied the other lobbyists to come in and talk about their
work," Professor Salmore said.

Although lobbying is fraught with uncertainties, it can also be highly
profitable. Policy Management & Communications Inc. is a lobbying firm headed by
Hazel Frank Gluck, a longtime friend of Gov. Christine Todd Whitman. Ms. Gluck's
firm took in $240,000 the year before Mrs. Whitman was elected and $700,382 the
year after.

The top five lobbying firms in Trenton took in $7.2 million last year, compared
with $6 million in 1993, according to the mandatory reports they file with the
Attorney General each year. The number of lobbyists has increased as well. Two
hundred and fourteen lobbyists plied State House halls in 1975, four years after
the reporting requirement. Today 514 are registered.

The graduate-level lobbying course has an enrollment of 14, which includes two
students from the Eagleton Institute of Politics at Rutgers and a dozen men and
women from private industry who work at the intersection of public policy and
private interests.

"We sell 1.3 percent of the automobile insurance in this state and right now the
business is a huge mess," said John D. Walsh, manager of consumer issues for the
Hanover Insurance Company. "You have to understand how the system works just to
have a chance to move things in a direction that allows you to make a profit."

Stacy Asbell and Sharon Lauchere are the two graduate students in the course.
Miss Lauchere is working on a master's degree and wants to be an advocate for
community-based causes. Miss Asbell is working toward a combined degree in law
and political science.

"Right now I'm just advocating graduating," she said.

Last week's topic was the failure, after a very promising beginning last year,
of an effort to amend the state constitution to allow initiative and referendum,
know in the lobbyists' parlance as I and R. The practice, common in the western
United States, would permit citizens to enact laws directly by collecting
signatures for a measure and forcing a public referendum.

It was an effort, in effect, to bypass the legislature and the lobbyists. And
many players in New Jersey's political establishment, accustomed to confining
the game to West State Street, where the State House faces the lobbyists'
offices, regarded the prospect with horror.

The task of defeating the effort fell to Joseph Gonzalez, lobbyist for the New
Jersey Business and Industry Association. He succeeded by building an unlikely
coalition -- environmentalists, members of the National Rifle Association and
both supporters and foes of abortion rights. All were united on one crucial
point: they did not want to have to stamp out populist brush fires in towns and
villages each election cycle.

"Every one of them had a secret anxiety in their closet about I and R," Mr.
Gonzalez said. To those anxieties, he did not have to say, lobbyists opposed to
the measure hastened to point.

Richard Kamin, a former Republican assemblyman and now the state motor vehicles
commissioner, had worked in favor of the proposed constitutional amendment.
Widespread but unfocused support for something like I and R, he told the class,
is no match for the sharpened wedge of organized group interests.

"Any issue that broad," he said, "I would call a very heavy lift."

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Joseph Katz, center, and Steven Salmore, rear, teach a Rutgers
University course on lobbying. Helping recently were Richard Kamin, right, Motor
Vehicles Commissioner, and Joseph Gonzalez, lobbyist for the New Jersey Business
and Industry Association. (Laura Pedrick for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              113 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  Long Island Business News (Long Island, NY)

                             October 1, 2004 Friday

Lobbying becomes increasingly important part of the legislative process

BYLINE: Claude Solnik

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1000 words


On Sept. 23, Gov. George Pataki signed the New York State Health Insurance
Demonstration Project into law, improving coverage for a wide range of
entertainment industry employees.

The law's enactment was a victory for state Sen. Kemp Hannon, the chairman of
the Senate's health committee and sponsor of the bill. And there were some other
big winners: at least 25,000 entertainment industry workers whose healthcare
could be subsidized.

But the signing was also good news for the Actors' Fund of America and lobbyists
at Meyer Suozzi English & Klein, who advocated for better coverage for four
years on its behalf.

"It's a huge victory for the people who work in the entertainment industry in
New York State," said Richard Winsten, a lobbyist at Meyer Suozzi. "You don't
have an entertainment industry this size or scope everywhere."

Lobbying is an often overlooked but increasingly important part of the
legislative process, judging by the increased expenditures going toward lobbying
efforts.

More than $120 million was spent on lobbying last year in New York, breaking the
$100 million mark for the first time, according to the New York State Temporary
Commis-sion on Lobbying. That's nearly triple the $39 million spent on lobbyists
in 1994. If the trend continues, the commission said, spending could hit $360
million by 2013.

Rachel Leon, executive director of Com-mon Cause/NY, said professional lobbyists
have become the conduit for all sorts of groups seeking to get the word out to
politicians, serving as the microphone for political dialogue.

And it's not just big corporations that are pushing their agendas through
lobbyists, she said. "Even nonprofits, unions and a lot of groups have decided
this is the way to go. It's a reality. If you want to get your issue addressed
in Albany, you better have a really good lobbyist," she said.

The biggest lobbying firm on Long Island, Davidoff Malito & Henoch, in Garden
City, recently represented a wide array of clients, including Adelphi
University, the Staten Island Zoological Society, the American Museum of Natural
History, the American Diabetes Association, Fuel Cell Energy Inc., Cashpoint
Network Services, the North Shore Child and Family Guidance Association, the
Taxicab Service Association and Queens Public Library.

Why is lobbying such a growing industry in New York State? Three reasons:

1. The tight state budget makes efforts to fight cuts and push for support more
crucial, pitting even good causes against each other.

2. The administration and funding of programs for the state from the federal
government were shifted to the state under a Reagan-administration "states'
rights" mandate.

3. Lobbying works.

"If an entity feels that in the long run the benefits outweigh the costs, they
do it," said Jerry Kremer, a partner and lobbyist at Uniondale-based Ruskin
Moscou Faltischek who served in the state Assembly for 23 years. "There are more
issues coming before the legislature than ever before."

Some lobbyists said efforts by Long Island clients are shifting from Washington
to New York.

"When we had Grumman and major defense companies here, the federal scene [was
more important]," said Joseph Margiotta, a lobbyist and former member of the
state Assembly. "We don't have that many firms here looking to influence
legislation on the Washington level."

Some organizations spend millions on lobbying, though much of that goes to ad
campaigns meant to affect the political process.

Local 1119 of the Service Employees International Union shelled out more than
$11 million in 2003 to fight potential cuts to the healthcare industry.

But some people, including Leon, worry that the increased use of lobbyists makes
it tougher for ordinary citizens to get the ear of their representatives.

"We see more and more that we're going away from a system where you have
citizens sitting down with lawmakers talking about issues to a system where
you're having lobbyists do that," said Leon.

Lobbyists argue that they give groups a voice.

"Lobbying is guaranteed in the national and state constitutions," said Winsten.
"People have the right to petition their government to redress grievances."

Lobbyists said they can be helpful in identifying issues, addressing problems
and drawing them to the attention of legislators.

   "As a former government official myself, I know what an important role it is
to receive information from all the different sources," said Michael Zapson,
managing attorney at the Garden City office of Davidoff Malito & Hutcher. Zapson
is a former Nassau County legislator and Long Beach councilman. "All sides tend
to get represented. It helps to get information and identify the issues."

Lobbyists also argue that they are only part of a process that involves input
from many sides.

"A good lobbyist is an educator and a lawyer. He presents the best side of his
argument," said Basil Paterson, a former New York secretary of state and state
senator who is now a partner at Meyer Suozzi. "If he's a good advocate, he'll
tell you the worst parts."

At the same time, he said, politicians respond to lobbyists who can raise funds
for election campaigns, he said. "There's no question that does help."

A big concern among watchdogs is that regulated lobbying in New York State is
only part of the picture, since it only includes groups seeking to affect
legislation but ex-cludes those who work to win state contracts for their
clients.

"That's a glaring omission," said Leon, who noted that 26 states already
regulate and monitor procurement lobbying. "We believe [the reported lobbying
expenditure] is only the tip of the iceberg. A lot of the big money is not
necessarily legislation, but potential contracts."

The state's lobbying commission has supported extending powers to oversee
procurement lobbying. And the New York State Assembly and Senate have passed
legislation that would do so, although those bills haven't been reconciled.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                             April 15, 2011 Friday

Ex-lawmakers prove limits of ethics law with lobbying work

BYLINE: By Kevin Bogardus

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 995 words


Lawmakers who left office at the end of the last Congress have begun to register
as lobbyists, proving the limits of a cooling-off period that was established by
a 2007 ethics law. While recently departed members are banned from lobbying
staff or lawmakers in the House or Senate for a set period, there are no
restrictions on lobbying the executive branch. Former lawmakers are also allowed
to register to lobby at the state level. Watchdog groups lobbied hard to make
the cooling-off period as comprehensive as possible during the debate over the
ethics law.

Meredith McGehee, policy director of the Campaign Legal Center, said she isn't
"the least bit surprised" that ex-lawmakers are still quick to register as
lobbyists. "Signing up to lobby is a lucrative means of staying in the game,"
McGehee said. "Unfortunately, it is on the all-too-rare occasion, however, where
you find them putting their contacts and experience to work for nonprofits or
the public interest." Former Rep. Steve Buyer (R-Ind.), for example, has
registered to lobby despite being in the middle of the one-year cooling-off
period for former House members. Since January, Buyer has been lobbying for
McKesson Corp., a San Francisco-based health information technology company,
according to lobbying disclosure records. Buyer's former chief of staff, Mike
Copher, is also at the firm and is registered to lobby for T-Mobile. Buyer said
in a statement to The Hill that he would only lobby federal agencies for
McKesson. "The Steve Buyer Group LLC understands its obligations and
restrictions pursuant to the law and also supports full disclosure," Buyer said.
Former Rep. Walt Minnick (D-Idaho) is another former member who was joined the
lobbying game. He has registered to lobby for several clients at his new firm,
The Majority Group, which he co-founded with former Rep. Charles Djou (R-Hawaii)
and others. According to lobbying disclosure records, Minnick is lobbying for
NumbersUSA, a group that opposes comprehensive immigration reform; the
government of Shoshone County, Idaho; and NRS, an outdoor gear manufacturer and
wholesaler based in Moscow, Idaho. Minnick's former chief of staff, Robert
Ellsworth, is lobbying with him for all three clients. Minnick did not return
messages asking for comment on this story. Other former lawmakers have
registered to lobby state governments since leaving Capitol Hill. Having formed
the Delahunt Group, former Rep. Bill Delahunt (D-Mass.) has registered to lobby
the state government in Massachusetts, according to state lobbying disclosure
records. His first client is the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe, whose interests he
will represent "at the state and federal level," according to a March 10 press
release from the tribe. Mark Forest, Delahunt's former chief of staff, is
executive director of the firm. He said the former congressman is abiding by the
cooling-off period. "Those are very important provisions, no doubt about it. We
are very cognizant of those restrictions," Forest said. He added that lobbying
would only be one service that the firm offers. "[Delahunt's] knowledge of the
process over the years has been widely sought after," Forest said. "Lobbying
will be only a small part of what we will do." Despite the cooling-off periods,
former lawmakers who have registered to lobby are well within the law. Kenneth
Gross, a partner at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom who advises clients on
ethics issues, said the former lawmakers are doing nothing wrong as long as
their lobbying sticks to the executive branch or to state government. "There's
no restriction on registering at the state level. And there's no restriction on
registering at the federal level if you just plan to lobby the executive
branch," Gross said. "However, when it comes to the legislative branch, the
restrictions are serious and prevent contact with lawmakers and their staff
during the cooling-off period." Former House members cannot lobby either chamber
of Congress for a year after leaving Capitol Hill. For ex-senators, the lobbying
ban lasts two years. Federal authorities take enforcement of the congressional
cooling-off period seriously. Doug Hampton, a former aide to Sen. John Ensign
(R-Nev.), was charged with breaking the lobbying ban last month. More than two
dozen members of the 111th Congress have joined a law or lobby firm. But unlike
Buyer, Delahunt and Minnick, many told The Hill that they would not register to
lobby during their cooling-off period or even after it ends. "No, I will not
lobby," former Rep. Ike Skelton (D-Mo.), once the House Armed Services Committee
chairman, said when his hiring at Husch Blackwell was announced last month. "I'm
a country lawyer. I started out that way. I look forward to going back to that,"
Skelton said. Ex-lawmakers are highly prized, especially centrist Blue Dog
Democrats. About a third of the lawmakers from the last Congress who have joined
law and lobby firms so far were once part of that House Democratic coalition.
Chris Jones, a headhunter for government-relations jobs, said ex-lawmakers bring
a certain prestige to the firms they join. That helps bring in new clients and
new revenue. "It's the established brand and name of a recognized member of
Congress," said Jones, managing partner at CapitolWorks. "It's their
relationships that they still have in Congress as well as in the White House and
their ability to bring in business and bridge the gap to the other side of the
aisle." The revolving door continues to spin, but it has left one former
congressman "quietly sad" about the moves to K Street. Former Rep. Bill Foster
(D-Ill.) said he does not plan to lobby, since he wants public service to be
separate from a moneymaking venture. "Public service should be about public
service, and making money should be a very separate part of your life. And the
higher the level that you rise to in public service, the more careful you should
be with that separation," Foster said.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2011 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           October 23, 1993, Saturday

Olympic Watch COUNTDOWN TO THE ATLANTA GAMES Working on the railroad 100 DAYS
LEFT - XXVI OLYMPIAD Southeastern cities mounting a push to make Atlanta a key
Amtrak hub

BYLINE: By Dennis McCafferty STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section C; Page 6

LENGTH: 690 words


At the Bristol, Tenn., train depot, a sign has been posted indicating that a
rail line to Atlanta is on the way. "Working together for Amtrak," it says.

Actually, connecting Bristol and other cities to Atlanta by the 1996 Olympics is
still in the wishful-thinking stages.

"We're tickled when people get excited and do these things," said Howard
Robertson, spokesman for Amtrak's Washington office. "But the reality is, Amtrak
is not in position to be providing money."

Local leaders in dozens of Southeastern cities are lobbying Atlanta and
Washington officials. Though the officials acknowledge getting the lines
established in time is a long shot, given the current state of strained federal
funding, those leading the lobbying promise their efforts will chug into high
gear as they try to tap into the Olympics as a catalyst.

In Virginia and Tennessee, lawmakers will be asked to fund preliminary studies
of the service. The studies would cost up to $ 10,000, but much of it could be
completed internally by the states' respective transportation departments. The y
would examine the current condition of the tracks, the potential economic impact
of the line and other financial considerations.

"The fact is that the white water events would be in Polk County, which borders
us," said Tom Rowland, mayor of Cleveland, Tenn., the self- described Oven Range
Capital of the World. "So there's a connection."

Atlanta needs to convey to Americans the perception of easy access to the
Olympics, said David Bowers, mayor of Roanoke, Va.

"In Atlanta, they certainly do that with Hartsfield [International] Airport and
the terrific interstate system," he said. "But they need to do it with trains.
People want it."

People want train service because it's a pleasant and relatively cost-effective
experience, supporters say.

"I spent $ 570 to fly round-trip to Atlanta," Bowers said. "Now that's not
something a family can really consider doing."

By comparison, a similar 430-mile trip on an Amtrak train would cost $ 88
round-trip.

Atlanta Mayor Maynard H. Jackson and former Gov. George Busbee recently told
more than 100 civic, business and government leaders at a rally that a proposed
$ 125 million train and bus station would affirm Atlanta's claim as "the empire
state of the South." Georgia Chamber of Commerce officials plan to lobby
legislators to gain state funding support for the idea.

This effort would support those being launched in the Southeastern cities, said
Leon Eplan, planning commissioner for Atlanta.

"We're looking to be reestablished in a role that we haven't seen since before
World War I, that of Atlanta as a railroad hub," he said.

Three lines are being lobbied through independent efforts nationwide:

-Upgrading a line to make it include Birmingham, Jackson, Miss., New Orleans and
Memphis and rescheduling to bring the train into Atlanta each morning. It
currently arrives in the evening.

-Extending a New York/Washington line through a collection of small Virgina and
Tennessee towns before heading to Atlanta.

-Stretching a line from Chicago to Miami - it now goes only to Indianapolis -
with Atlanta serving as the central link.

Of those three lines, it appears that the Birmingham connection has the best
chance of getting on track first, said Howard Robertson, spokesman for Amtrak's
Washington office.

Supporters of the Birmingham line appear to have given up on the idea of
providing transportation through the X2000 high-speed train from Sweden, because
it would take at least $ 100 million to make track improvements to accommodate
the line.

The advantage of a slower line - which travels at a top speed of 79 mph,
compared to the 125 mph rate of a high-speed line from New York to Washington -
is that the train would be able to stop at the smaller cities, serving a segment
that would otherwise be ignored.

The challenge now is finding a power source that would be more cost- effective
than the high-speed, electrical line.

"It can use nuclear power," Katopodis said. "It can use steam or it can use
mice. I don't care, as long as it moves fast and doesn't cost as much."

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932990091

GRAPHIC: Map: All (rail)roads lead to Atlanta That's the hope of several
southeastern cities, which want Amtrak to make Atlanta a rail hub by the 1996
Olympics. But lack of financing may keep the proposed lines from becoming
reality. Three independent lobbying efforts are in effect that would bring
passengers from as far away as Chicago, New York, New Orleans and Miami. Trains
would stop at smaller towns along the way. Map shows the three main proposed
lines as well as several secondary lines: Chicago / Miami line New York /
Atlanta line Atlanta / New Orleans / Memphis line STAFF Photo: Roanoke, Va.,
Mayor David Bowers wants new hub./ CINDY PINKSTON / Special

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              116 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           October 23, 1993, Saturday

Olympic Watch COUNTDOWN TO THE ATLANTA GAMES Working on the railroad 100 DAYS
LEFT - XXVI OLYMPIAD Southeastern cities mounting a push to make Atlanta a key
Amtrak hub

BYLINE: By Dennis McCafferty STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section C; Page 6

LENGTH: 690 words


At the Bristol, Tenn., train depot, a sign has been posted indicating that a
rail line to Atlanta is on the way. "Working together for Amtrak," it says.

Actually, connecting Bristol and other cities to Atlanta by the 1996 Olympics is
still in the wishful-thinking stages.

"We're tickled when people get excited and do these things," said Howard
Robertson, spokesman for Amtrak's Washington office. "But the reality is, Amtrak
is not in position to be providing money."

Local leaders in dozens of Southeastern cities are lobbying Atlanta and
Washington officials. Though the officials acknowledge getting the lines
established in time is a long shot, given the current state of strained federal
funding, those leading the lobbying promise their efforts will chug into high
gear as they try to tap into the Olympics as a catalyst.

In Virginia and Tennessee, lawmakers will be asked to fund preliminary studies
of the service. The studies would cost up to $ 10,000, but much of it could be
completed internally by the states' respective transportation departments. The y
would examine the current condition of the tracks, the potential economic impact
of the line and other financial considerations.

"The fact is that the white water events would be in Polk County, which borders
us," said Tom Rowland, mayor of Cleveland, Tenn., the self- described Oven Range
Capital of the World. "So there's a connection."

Atlanta needs to convey to Americans the perception of easy access to the
Olympics, said David Bowers, mayor of Roanoke, Va.

"In Atlanta, they certainly do that with Hartsfield [International] Airport and
the terrific interstate system," he said. "But they need to do it with trains.
People want it."

People want train service because it's a pleasant and relatively cost-effective
experience, supporters say.

"I spent $ 570 to fly round-trip to Atlanta," Bowers said. "Now that's not
something a family can really consider doing."

By comparison, a similar 430-mile trip on an Amtrak train would cost $ 88
round-trip.

Atlanta Mayor Maynard H. Jackson and former Gov. George Busbee recently told
more than 100 civic, business and government leaders at a rally that a proposed
$ 125 million train and bus station would affirm Atlanta's claim as "the empire
state of the South." Georgia Chamber of Commerce officials plan to lobby
legislators to gain state funding support for the idea.

This effort would support those being launched in the Southeastern cities, said
Leon Eplan, planning commissioner for Atlanta.

"We're looking to be reestablished in a role that we haven't seen since before
World War I, that of Atlanta as a railroad hub," he said.

Three lines are being lobbied through independent efforts nationwide:

-Upgrading a line to make it include Birmingham, Jackson, Miss., New Orleans and
Memphis and rescheduling to bring the train into Atlanta each morning. It
currently arrives in the evening.

-Extending a New York/Washington line through a collection of small Virgina and
Tennessee towns before heading to Atlanta.

-Stretching a line from Chicago to Miami - it now goes only to Indianapolis -
with Atlanta serving as the central link.

Of those three lines, it appears that the Birmingham connection has the best
chance of getting on track first, said Howard Robertson, spokesman for Amtrak's
Washington office.

Supporters of the Birmingham line appear to have given up on the idea of
providing transportation through the X2000 high-speed train from Sweden, because
it would take at least $ 100 million to make track improvements to accommodate
the line.

The advantage of a slower line - which travels at a top speed of 79 mph,
compared to the 125 mph rate of a high-speed line from New York to Washington -
is that the train would be able to stop at the smaller cities, serving a segment
that would otherwise be ignored.

The challenge now is finding a power source that would be more cost- effective
than the high-speed, electrical line.

"It can use nuclear power," Katopodis said. "It can use steam or it can use
mice. I don't care, as long as it moves fast and doesn't cost as much."

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932990091

GRAPHIC: Map: All (rail)roads lead to Atlanta That's the hope of several
southeastern cities, which want Amtrak to make Atlanta a rail hub by the 1996
Olympics. But lack of financing may keep the proposed lines from becoming
reality. Three independent lobbying efforts are in effect that would bring
passengers from as far away as Chicago, New York, New Orleans and Miami. Trains
would stop at smaller towns along the way. Map shows the three main proposed
lines as well as several secondary lines: Chicago / Miami line New York /
Atlanta line Atlanta / New Orleans / Memphis line STAFF Photo: Roanoke, Va.,
Mayor David Bowers wants new hub./ CINDY PINKSTON / Special

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              117 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             July 18, 2000, Tuesday

TRUMP DEFENDS HIS LOBBYING ACTIVITIES

BYLINE: By JOE MAHONEY DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 495 words

ALBANY - Facing a preliminary state inquiry into his lobbying activities, casino
baron Donald Trump said yesterday he does not have to register personally as a
lobbyist in New York because his expenses have not reached the threshold level
of $2,000.

Trump also emphatically defended his activities regarding casino legislation in
Albany, saying his company, Trump Hotels & Casino Resorts, "fully and completely
filed the required information pertaining to all contract lobbyists who were
engaged in proper lobbying activities."

The inquiry by the staff of the state Lobbying Commission is being led by the
agency's executive director, David Grandeau, though one of the appointed
commissioners told the Daily News yesterday that he was not aware of it until
the commission staff told him it was underway.

Grandeau is also looking at the lobbying activities of Park Place Entertainment
President Arthur Goldberg, who last year was the nation's highest-paid gambling
executive, raking in $5 million in salary and bonuses. Goldberg's spokesman,
Matt Rose, could not be reached for comment.

Trump and Goldberg, rivals in the gaming industry, were on opposite sides of a
bill that would have required Indian tribes to obtain both local and state
legislative approval before they could open a casino off a reservation. Trump's
lobbyists wanted the legislation - and the Senate approved it. But Goldberg
helped build enough Assembly opposition to keep it from coming to the floor.

Goldberg's Park Place has an agreement with the St. Regis Mohawks to erect a
casino in the Catskills community of Monticello, about 75 miles north of New
York City, a project that might drain business from Trump's Atlantic City
interests.

Grandeau would not discuss how word of the inquiry leaked out, though an
individual close to Trump said, "It looks to me like Mr. Grandeau likes to read
his name in the paper."

In a letter to Grandeau on Friday, a lawyer for Trump, Edward Wallace, wrote:
"We understand your inquiry was prompted, at least in part, by news reports of
communications by Mr. Trump with certain legislators. . . . These communications
- even if they constituted lobbying as defined in the statute - do not trigger
the registration and reporting requirement for Mr. Trump."

According to Lobbying Commission records, Trump Hotels & Casino Resorts spent
$551,500 in Albany last year for hired guns to exert legislative influence. The
lobbyists included several attorneys with close ties to both Democrats and
Republicans in the Legislature.

A casino gambling proponent, Assemblyman Joel Miller (R-Poughkeepsie), said the
flap over Trump's lobbying points up the need to resolve the debate once and for
all.

"The biggest problem in politics is the money, with everyone out there trying to
buy some favor," he said. "Putting casinos in New York would be the last of the
coffin nails in Atlantic City, so I can understand why Donald Trump is doing
it."

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                              118 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             June 19, 2008 Thursday
                              Correction Appended
                                 SOONER EDITION

3 FIRMS TO HANDLE PORT AUTHORITY LOBBYING

BYLINE: Joe Grata, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B-2

LENGTH: 495 words


The Port Authority is poised to hire three firms for lobbying and government
relations services on an "as needed" basis for up to $400,000 a year for each of
the next three years.

The firms are Ron Klink & Associates, headed by former U.S. Rep. Ron Klink;
Greenlee Partners, with offices in Pittsburgh, Harrisburg and Washington, D.C.;
and Pittsburgh-based Eckert Seamans, also the authority's long-time general
counsel.

The Performance Oversight and Monitoring Committee agreed yesterday to recommend
the hirings to the authority's full board at next Friday's monthly meeting.

Chris Hess, assistant general manager for legal and corporate services, said the
firms will be engaged in a wider range of responsibilities than lobbying. He
said they will consist of "legislative initiatives" and "public relations" at a
time when numerous issues at the local, state and federal levels will
significantly impact the transit agency.

Among those are federal transportation policy and spending reauthorization laws
over the next two years; unsettled "issues" with the state's Act 44 legislation
that generates state funds for transit and has enabled the county to adopt the
10 percent drink tax to provide local matching money; and a transit service
restructuring plan called "Connect 09" which, once implemented, will
significantly impact many bus and trolley riders.

Authority spokeswoman Judi McNeil said the $400,000, a combined total for the
three firms, is "a maximum amount, not necessarily what we'll spend."

Meanwhile, another lobbying firm, Klett Rooney Lieber & Schorling, will also be
on board. Its contract calls for $200,000 a year through 2009, plus certain
expenses, for representing the authority in Washington, D.C.

Klett Rooney has been receiving an extra $100,000 a year for state lobbying as
well since September 2006, when the authority fired Malady & Wooten, of
Philadelphia, for extravagant expenses that were part of wining and dining state
officials to curry legislative favor.

Malady & Wooten had billed the Port Authority for $42 for five cookies bearing
the message "Thanks a Bunch" and for tickets to a U2 concert, golf outings and
alcohol.

The authority has since restricted the type and amount of lobbyist spending and
implemented accountability measures to prevent abuse.

Also yesterday, the authority reported that the worm-like machine boring the
first of two light-rail tunnels has reached the Downtown side of the Allegheny
River.

"We've completed 1,630 feet and we're beyond the edge of the water," project
manager Keith Wargo said. About 610 feet remain until the rig reaches a
receiving pit excavated below Stanwix Street, between Fort Duquesne Boulevard
and Penn Avenue, he said.

Less than a month from now, the tunnel-boring machine will be turned 180 degrees
to begin digging a parallel tunnel in the northbound direction.

The two tunnels will connect Downtown with the North Shore as a key component of
the 1.2-mile, $435 million light-rail extension.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Joe Grata can be reached at jgrata@post-gazette.com

CORRECTION-DATE: June 20, 2008



CORRECTION:  The Port Authority is paying Klett Rooney Lieber & Schorling a
total of $200,000 this year for lobbying services in both Harrisburg and
Washington, D.C. An incorrect figure was reported yesterday in a story about the
authority's proposal to hire other lobbying firms. ** This story has been
modified to correct the amount Klett Rooney Lieber & Schorling will be paid. **

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              119 of 998 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                              July 8, 1996, Monday

(Column) AFFAIRS OF STATE: Los Angeles County Is the Biggest Special Interest of
Them All

BYLINE: By David Kline

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 502 words


Did you know that Los Angeles County is the biggest special interest in
California? It's a documented fact.

According to the secretary of state's most recent report on lobbying
expenditures, L.A. County was the biggest spender on legislative advocacy during
the first quarter of 1996.

The county spent $ 694,532 during the first three months of the year, handily
beating out the Western States Petroleum Association, which came in second at $
432,231. Pacific Telesis, at $ 404,271, was the only other lobbyist employer to
spend more than $ 400,000 in the first three months.

Rarely does a public entity using taxpayers' dollars spend more on lobbying than
the oil industry, but Los Angeles County managed to do it. Who knows what the
county could have done if it wasn't broke.

The county's use of taxpayer dollars to lobby the state government is
particularly fascinating when you consider that Los Angeles already has the
largest contingent of lawmakers in the Legislature. Los Angeles lawmakerspaid
handsomely by the taxpayers to represent the interests of their
constituentsdominate both the Assembly and the Senate, especially now that
Assembly Speaker Willie Brown is no longer around to put San Francisco's
interests above the rest of the state's.

Still, local governments in Southern California believe they need to persuade
lawmakers to see it their way.

County residents aren't the only ones paying for both the lobbyists and the
lawmakers they are trying to persuade. The city of Los Angeles spent $ 111,671
on Sacramento lobbying in the first quarter of the year. West Hollywood, Burbank
and other cities also chipped in with lobbying cash.

In addition, District Attorney Gil Garcetti's office spent $ 38,348 during the
first quarter; the Metropolitan Transportation Authority shelled out $ 98,637;
the Sheriff's Department spent $ 19,044; the county's sanitation districts spent
$ 11,864; and Los Angeles school districts and education offices spent $
145,190.

On top of that, Angelenos pay a share of the lobbying expenses of statewide
groups like the California State Association of Counties, which spent $ 94,919
on lobbying in the first quarter.

Here's another way to look at it: the lobbying expenses of the county, the city,
the district attorney, the MTA, the sheriff and the schools from January 1995 to
February 1996 add up to $ 2.7 million that could have been used for more
tangible items. One would think this amount of money would come in handy in a
county with a jail which currently serves only as a monument to fiscal
stupidity.

The county might try to justify its lobbying by saying it has to spend money to
make moneyby shelling out millions for legislative advocacy, the county is just
making sure it gets all the state dollars it can.

But Californians throughout the state had to pay more than $ 22 million during
the past 15 months to keep their local governments in this competition for state
dollars. For taxpayers, it's an expensive, never-ending circle.


LOAD-DATE: July 8, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 Metropolitan News Company


                              120 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            November 25, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Briefs

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 510 words


Banks on pace for record high on lobbying

CHARLOTTE, N.C. The money banks spend on lobbying is on pace to reach a record
high again this year as the industry battles to weaken or repeal hundreds of
rules being crafted by federal regulators.

Lobbying outlays by the five biggest spenders in the commercial-banking sector
increased 12 percent in the first three quarters of 2011 over the same period
last year, a Charlotte Observer analysis of federal lobbying disclosure records
shows.

At this time last year, the commercial-banking industry had spent about $42
million on lobbying, the center's data show. So far this year, the figure stands
at nearly $47 million.

Should this year's pace continue, 2011 will be the sixth straight year that
commercial-bank lobbying sets a record, according to the research group Center
for Responsive Politics.

Toy-safety report identifies some dangers

WASHINGTON A report Tuesday from the U.S. Public Interest Research Group found
slightly more thana dozen toys for sale that violate U.S. safety standards for
lead and chemicals called phthalates or that could be a choking hazard to young
children. Toys deemed potentially dangerous included a whirly wheel, a plastic
book for babies, a wooden-blocks set and a Sesame Street Oscar doll.

Government figures show a continued decline in toy recalls, with 34 in fiscal
2011 -- down from 46 in 2010, 50 in 2009 and 172 in 2008.

Recalls related to lead were down from 19 in 2008 to just four this past year.

PIRG credited a 2008 law that set stronger standards for children's products,
including strict limits on lead, for helping to make many of the products on
store shelves safer for youngsters. The law was passed after a wave of recalls
of lead-tainted toys.

Spirit Airlines fined for $9 airfare ads

The U.S. Transportation Department has fined a Florida-based airline for
advertising $9 airfares for its flights from Los Angeles without clearly
disclosing the full price, including taxes and fees.

Spirit Airlines, which promotes itself as an ultra-low-cost carrier, was fined
$50,000 this week for violating federal aviation laws and Transportation
Department rules that prohibit deceptive price advertising.

The $9 fares were advertised on billboards on the back of trucks and on
hand-held posters carried by workers throughout Los Angeles, the agency said.

Holiday jobs available outside retail

Stores might be the first venues that come to mind, but other places are hiring
seasonal workers, said Chris Campisiof Robert Half International, a staffing
firm.

Companies with year-end needs provide an uptick in data processors and other
clerical staff for organizations now involved in open enrollment for
employee-benefit selection, as well as those doing year-end budgeting, Campisi
said.

Gift wrappers, retail managers, package handlers andseasonal drivers for a major
ground-delivery company are among job ads showing up for companies with
holiday-season needs.

From staff reports

Copyright © 2011, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              121 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            November 23, 2009 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Health care fight swells lobbying;
Number of organizations hiring firms doubles in '09

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 415 words


WASHINGTON -- Companies and groups hiring lobbying firms on health issues nearly
doubled this year as special interests rushed to shape the massive revamp of the
nation's health care system now in its final stretch before Congress.

About 1,000 organizations have hired lobbyists since January, compared with 505
during the same period in 2008, according to a USA TODAY analysis of
congressional records compiled by the non-partisan CQ MoneyLine.

Overall, health care lobbying has increased, exceeding $422 million during the
first ninth months of the year, according to the Center for Responsive Politics,
which tracks money in politics. That's more than any other industry and a nearly
10% jump over the same period in 2008. The center's Dave Levinthal said the
frenzy of new lobbying activity makes financial sense. "If lobbying didn't work,
people wouldn't do it," he said.

The vast scope of the health care legislation, which cleared a major hurdle
Saturday when the Senate voted 60-39 to begin debating it, has spurred some to
lobby for the first time. Gaylord Hospital in Wallingford, Conn., a 137-bed
long-term care facility, decided it needed professional help after scrambling
last year -- aided by state lawmakers -- to avoid losing Medicare payments, said
Janine Epright, hospital chief financial officer.

"It was an eye-opener," she said of the Medicare fight. "We realized that we
didn't have enough pull individually or as an industry to drive the process" in
Washington. Epright said the non-profit hospital will spend about $50,000 on
lobbying.

Others are beefing up their lobbying presence. Language Line Services, which has
spent $90,000 on federal lobbying since 2007, hired a second firm this year as
it pushed to boost federal funding for medical translation services. The firm,
which employs 8,000 translators, says interpreters can reduce medical errors for
patients who don't speak English.

The lobbyists arranged meetings between company executives and House staffers,
said Marty Conroy of Language Line. The health bill passed by the House this
month would require Medicaid to match up to 75% of translation costs, up from
50%.

The American Beverage Association hired a fifth lobbying firm this year as it
worked to kill a proposed federal excise tax on sugary drinks to help pay for
the bill. The group spent $7.3 million on lobbying during a three-month period,
federal records show. That included $5 million on advertising to fight the tax,
spokesman Kevin Keane said.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            February 27, 2006 Monday

What we don't know on lobbying could fill a bill;
Passing lobbying legislation that at least discloses a few specifics is a
necessary step in changing Harrisburg culture.

BYLINE: Greg Vitali

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA EDITORIAL; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 511 words


Legislation regulating lobbying is a necessary first step in changing the
political culture in Harrisburg, where money and personal relationships too
often trump good public policy. The opportunity to pass lobbying legislation has
never been better as legislators seek ways to make amends to a
pay-raise-incensed public before the May 16 primary.

Pennsylvania is the only state in the nation without legislation regulating
lobbying. We really don't know how much is being spent on food, drink,
entertainment, gifts and communications with our elected officials - but we do
know the amount is enormous. Records kept by the Pennsylvania Senate reflect
that more than $121 million was spent by about 800 lobbyists on that chamber
alone in 2004.

The influence of lobbyists on major pieces of legislation - gambling, for
example - is palpable at the Capitol. The problem is that we don't have
specifics: how much is being spent on which legislators by what lobbyist to
advance what particular bills.

Public disclosure of this information is important. If constituents were able to
compare their own legislators' voting record to the gifts they received from
lobbyists it would help curtail influence peddling.

To be clear, there is nothing wrong with lobbying, per se. Lobbyists perform a
valuable service when they provide information legislators need to consider the
issues before them. Moreover, both the federal and state constitutions guarantee
the right of people, including lobbyists, to petition their government. But
lobbying needs to be regulated.

Four states completely ban gifts to legislators. Eleven states require full
disclosure of all gifts. Other states use variations on these approaches, such
as providing for limits on the amounts of gifts and requiring disclosure of
gifts above certain threshold amounts.

Pennsylvania did, in fact, pass a weak lobbying law in 1998, but it was struck
down in 2002 by the state Supreme Court as an improper regulation of
lawyer-lobbyists. Shortly thereafter, the state Senate adopted its own lobbying
rules, still in effect. Regrettably, neither the 1998 law nor the Senate rules
let the public know four important pieces of information: how much was spent, by
whom, on whom, and for what legislation. The two main lobbying bills introduced
this session - Senate Bill 1 and House Bill 700 - both have the same defect.

Passing lobbying legislation that at a minimum discloses a few specifics is a
necessary, but still insufficient, step in changing the Harrisburg culture.
Campaign finance reform legislation also is required.

But politics is the art of the possible and, in my assessment, what is possible
between now and the primary election three months from now is meaningful
lobbying legislation. A watered-down bill or another committee to study the
issue is not enough. If the public does not get this legislation by May 16, it
has an easy way to register dissatisfaction with legislators on that day - right
after the curtain on the voting booth closes.

State Rep. Greg Vitali (D., Delaware) represents the 166th District.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 17, 2007 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Filings on Campaign Finances Offer Glimpses Into Operations of the Candidates

BYLINE: By DAVID D. KIRKPATRICK and ARON PILHOFER; Griff Palmer contributed from
New York.

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; HEADING TOWARD 2008; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 803 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 16


The American public has given about $160 million to the 2008 presidential
candidates so far this year, more than four times the total contributed to
campaigns in the same period four years ago.

Much of the money went into the pockets of the political class: media,
fund-raising and political consultants. But each campaign doled out its
contributions differently, often in unexpected ways that provide some insights
into the candidates.

Mitt Romney, the Republican, who is by far the richest candidate, was stingiest
with his staff members' salaries, often having them fly discount airlines and
stay in accommodations as humble as a Super 8 Motel in Parsippany, N.J.

Senator John McCain of Arizona, whose Republican primary campaign spent the
highest percentage of income during the quarter, paid nearly $11,000 for
photography, $1,700 for decorations and $1,671 for flowers.

Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York, who irked donors during her last
Senate campaign by running up heavy bills for such amenities, spent just $205
for photographs and $89 for flowers, according to the campaign's filings. But
her campaign did report a debt of $1,995 to Jack H. Lucky Floral Design in New
Market, Va.

Others drew fine distinctions among donors. Senator Barack Obama, the Illinois
Democrat, has talked of running a new kind of campaign that refuses fund-raising
help from federal lobbyists. But a list of his top fund-raisers released over
the weekend shows that his campaign has defined the term in an exacting way.

At least two of the donors on his list of 130 top fund-raisers were registered
federal lobbyists as recently as last year. One, Tom Reed, works at the law and
lobbying firm of K & L Preston Gates and earned about $60,000 from lobbying in
2006.

Another, Alan Solomont, is one of the best known Democratic donors and helped
raise more than $35 million for Senator John Kerry's presidential campaign in
2004.

Mr. Solomont is the founder of a nursing home company and, during the Clinton
administration, news reports suggested that he used his clout as a fund-raiser
to argue against tougher regulation of nursing homes.

Mr. Solomont reported about $90,000 in income last year from lobbying the
federal government about Medicare and Medicaid; Mr. Obama has made overhauling
health care a focus of his campaign.

In an interview, Mr. Solomont said he had withdrawn his lobbyist registration as
soon as he signed on as a fund-raiser. ''When I joined the campaign, I ended
that,'' he said.

A spokesman for Mr. Obama said Mr. Reed had stopped lobbying also.

The spokesman, Bill Burton, said that accepting help from people who had just
left lobbying did not breach the campaign's policy.

''The point of this ban on federal lobbyists' donations,'' Mr. Burton said, ''is
that we don't want the fund-raising help of someone who is currently lobbying
the federal government.''

Like its rivals, the Obama campaign has sought financial support from an array
of other influence-seekers, including lobbyists at the state level, federal
public affairs advocates who are not registered lobbyists, and the chief
executives of companies with strong interests in federal policy and legislation.

Mr. Obama's supporters note that his principal rival, Mrs. Clinton, has enlisted
the support of several registered lobbyists among her ''Hillraisers,'' as she
calls her biggest fund-raisers.

Mr. McCain's campaign, which trailed its rivals in fund-raising (with about $15
million) but outpaced them in spending (about $11 million), had the highest-paid
staff of any campaign in either party.

Nine of the roughly 150 people listed on his payroll earned more than $25,000 in
the first quarter, including the political strategists Michael Dennehy, whose
$51,925 earnings made him the highest-paid staff member listed on any campaign,
and Terry Nelson, who made $36,173.

Rudolph W. Giuliani, the Republican former mayor of New York, paid seven
staffers more than $25,000. Mike DuHaime, his campaign manager, was the second
highest paid aide, earning $44,375.

Mrs. Clinton paid three staff members more than $25,000; her campaign manager,
Patti Solis Doyle, was paid $27,142 in the quarter. But her campaign also
reported $154,000 in unpaid bills to her media adviser, Mandy Grunwald, and
$277,000 to her main political adviser, Mark Penn.

The only employee of Mr. Obama's campaign to make more than $25,000 for the
quarter was Julianna Smoot, his finance director. She earned $26,099 and oversaw
$24.8 million in primary fund-raising.

None of Mr. Romney's roughly 150 staff members made that much. ''We put a
premium on efficiency,'' said Kevin Madden, a spokesman. Recalling a trip for
Mr. Romney's campaign announcement in Michigan, he said, ''We tripled up in a
hotel suite -- one of those cheaper ones.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart/Maps: ''First-Quarter Fund-Raising: Patterns of Giving''
First-quarter fund-raising reports reveal a field of presidential candidates
divided by both geography and appeal to small donors. Here is a look at the six
candidates -- three Democrats and three Republicans -- who had raised more than
$10 million through March 31. Maps of the United States track Donations to
Democrats and Donations to Republicans. How candidates fared in top metropolitan
areas Hillary Clinton New York -- $8.0 mil. Los Angeles -- 2.9 Washington -- 3.1
San Francisco -- 1.8 Chicago -- 0.4 Boston -- 0.9 Miami -- 1.5 Dallas -- 0.1
Houston -- 0.2 Philadelphia -- 0.5 Barack Obama New York -- 3.5 Los Angeles --
2.0 Washington -- 2.1 San Francisco -- 1.7 Chicago -- 3.7 Boston -- 0.9 Miami --
0.6 Dallas -- 0.2 Houston -- 0.3 Philadelphia -- 0.4 John Edwards New York --
2.2 Los Angeles -- 0.9 Washington -- 0.4 San Francisco -- 0.8 Chicago -- 0.3
Boston -- 0.2 Miami -- 0.3 Dallas -- 0.6 Houston -- 0.3 Philadelphia -- 0.3 Mitt
Romney New York -- $1.5 mil. Los Angeles -- 1.9 Washington -- 0.9 San Francisco
-- 0.8 Chicago -- 0.4 Boston -- 2.3 Miami -- 0.6 Dallas -- 0.4 Houston -- 0.6
Philadelphia -- 0.1 Rudolph W. Giuliani New York -- 5.2 Los Angeles -- 1.4
Washington -- 0.7 San Francisco -- 0.4 Chicago -- 0.3 Boston -- 0.1 Miami -- 0.7
Dallas -- 1.1 Houston -- 0.8 Philadelphia -- 0.4 John McCain New York -- 2.1 Los
Angeles -- 1.0 Washington -- 1.1 San Francisco -- 0.4 Chicago -- 0.4 Boston --
0.2 Miami -- 0.5 Dallas -- 0.4 Houston -- 0.2 Philadelphia -- 0.2 Hillary
Clinton Raised $11 million in the last week of the quarter. About 5,000 of the
former first lady's supporters have already given the maximum $2,300 to her
primary campaign. Fund-raising totals CONTRIBUTIONS -- $26.1 million
EXPENDITURES -- 5.1 million CASH ON HAND -- 31.0 million Barack Obama Raised the
most in small donations, but also attracted more than a dozen donors who were
major fund-raisers for President Bill Clinton. Fund-raising totals CONTRIBUTIONS
-- $25.7 million EXPENDITURES -- 6.6 million CASH ON HAND -- 19.2 million John
Edwards Rounds out the top tier of Democratic candidates, dominating Southern
states. Raised almost twice as much as he did in the first quarter of 2003.
Fund-raising totals CONTRIBUTIONS -- $14.0 million EXPENDITURES -- 3.3 million
CASH ON HAND -- 10.7 million Mitt Romney Used his own money to jump-start
fund-raising, bringing in about $2.8 million in Utah, $2.3 million in
Massachusetts and $1 million in Michigan. Fund-raising totals CONTRIBUTIONS --
$21.0 million EXPENDITURES -- 11.3 million CASH ON HAND -- 11.9 million Rudolph
W. Giuliani Started fund-raising late but had a strong March. More than 30
percent of contributions came from New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.
Fund-raising totals CONTRIBUTIONS -- $16.1 million EXPENDITURES -- 6.0 million
CASH ON HAND -- 11.9 million John McCain Performance prompted an overhaul of
finance staff
 with higher payrolls and more money spent on fund-raising, burned through money
faster than rivals.  Fund-raising totals CONTRIBUTIONS -- $13.7 million
EXPENDITURES -- 9.6 million CASH ON HAND -- 5.2 million  Graphs track the Size
of contributions and Contributions over $200, by week since Jan. 1, 2007.  *
Maps show individual contributions of $200 or more, by ZIP code, as reported to
the Federal Election Commission. ZIP codes are grouped by their first three
digits (large maps) or by their first two digits (small maps). The latter puts
Alaska with eastern Washington and Hawaii with northeastern California.  (Amanda
Cox and Aron Pilhofer/The New York Times) (Source by Federal Election
Commission)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              124 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 16, 1998, Monday, Final Edition

Lobbying Worries Lawmakers; Council Members Wary Of Pr. George's Delegate

Robert E. Pierre, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 717 words


Prince George's County Council members expressed concern yesterday that a
prominent state legislator has been vigorously lobbying the county to approve a
better contract for the car recycling company where he works.

They also questioned why the recycling firm that employs Del. Nathaniel Exum
(D), chairman of the Prince George's delegation in the Maryland House of
Delegates, is already receiving a deeply discounted dumping fee.

"Obviously, it appears there has been some wrongdoing," said Audrey E. Scott
(Bowie), the lone Republican on the nine-member County Council. "It seems this
company has been getting a very cushy deal for a long time."

The Washington Post reported yesterday that Exum, 58, has lobbied Prince
George's County government to secure reductions in the price his employer,
Joseph Smith & Sons, pays to dump waste material in county landfills. The
lobbying took place as Exum was overseeing bills affecting the county
government. Top county leaders said they were uncomfortable with Exum's lobbying
efforts because they need his help in the General Assembly this year.

Exum has declined to comment on the lobbying, and calls to his home yesterday
went unanswered.

Asked about Exum's activities yesterday, several members of the House of
Delegates said they were reluctant to say whether they saw any violations of
ethics laws or rules. State lawmakers are not supposed to use their official
positions to advance their private interests, and questionable conduct can be
reviewed by the Joint Committee on Legislative Ethics.

Del. Pauline H. Menes (D), a member of the Prince George's delegation who sits
on the ethics committee, said the two chairmen of the committee probably would
discuss the matter to see whether there is any basis to move forward.

"It's something that probably the joint committee will receive and see if there
is any reason to look into any of the facts laid out in the article," said
Menes, a 32-year legislator. "I have no opinion at this point."

A key determining factor, Menes said, is whether Exum benefited personally from
any deal. Since 1990, Exum has served as the paid safety director for Smith &
Sons, an auto recycling facility on Kenilworth Avenue that has operated in
Beaver Heights since 1950.

House Speaker Casper R. Taylor Jr. (D-Allegany) said he was unsure what would
happen in Exum's case.

"I really don't know enough about it," Taylor said when reached by telephone.
"I'm not the one to judge whether there are any allegations of ethics
violations. That's for the joint committee on ethics to decide."

Legislative ethics has been a hot issue this year in Annapolis, where many of
the 188 members of the General Assembly hold outside jobs that present possible
conflicts with their official duties. Already this session, a senator has been
expelled and a delegate has resigned amid allegations that they leveraged their
offices for personal gain.

Smith & Sons pays about one-fourth the normal rate of $ 40 a ton to dump waste
in county landfills. The company has been granted the relief under a
long-standing county policy to encourage the use of "fluff" -- the material
discarded by Smith & Sons. But some lawmakers said they were concerned that the
price is too low.

County Council member Walter H. Maloney (D-Beltsville) said yesterday he intends
to ask for a review of all contracts at county landfills to determine whether
other companies are receiving similar discounted rates. Maloney and Scott said
they were particularly concerned because in 1995, Prince George's increased fees
to homeowners for recycling, bulky trash and garbage disposal.

"It is unfair that Smith & Sons and others may have been given breaks that are
not generally available," Maloney said.

Council member Isaac Gourdine (D-Fort Washington) said the issue may have much
to do with personal animosity between Exum and County Executive Wayne K. Curry
(D), whose administration has raised concerns about Exum's actions.

"I think it's more of a personal fight than an ethical fight," he said. "I more
or less see it as playing politics. People have been doing it for years and
years. The question becomes when it is an ethical violation, when it's poor
judgment and when it's something that's blown out of proportion."

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              125 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 21, 2000, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Lobbying in City Rises Again, Reaching $12.7 Million in '99

BYLINE: By ERIC LIPTON

SECTION: Section B; Page 4; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 513 words


Professional lobbying of New York City government officials increased again last
year, as $12.7 million was spent by such companies as Anheuser-Busch and the
Roundabout Theater trying to influence city lawmakers and bureaucrats.

The increase compared with 1998 was small -- just 2 percent -- but it was the
fifth gain in a row. The amount that companies pay firms to lobby the city has
jumped by 50 percent since Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani entered office in 1994,
according to the city clerk's annual report on lobbying, which is to be released
today.

The top lobbying firm for the fourth year in a row was the Albany office of
Wilson, Elser, Moskowitz, Edelman & Dicker, which billed $1.4 million to clients
including the Hotel Association of New York City, the Lincoln Center for the
Performing Arts and the American Insurance Association.

"Everyone wants to have an advocate on the city and the state level," said Peter
A. Piscitelli, the partner in charge of the New York City office of Wilson,
Elser. Mr. Piscitelli was a senior aide in the Koch administration, and his son,
Anthony Piscitelli, is a senior aide to Mr. Giuliani, serving as the city's
lobbyist in Albany.

Another firm high on the list with close ties to the Giuliani administration, is
Fischbein, Badillo, Wagner & Harding. Ranked eighth among the lobbyists, it
earned $389,195 in fees last year, a 21 percent increase over 1998. Two of the
firm's senior partners -- Herman Badillo and Raymond B. Harding, the leader of
the state Liberal Party -- are close political allies of the mayor. And Mr.
Harding is the father of Robert M. Harding, Mr. Giuliani's deputy mayor for
economic development and finance, and Russell A. Harding, president of the New
York City Housing Development Corporation.

Democrats and civic advocates have criticized Mr. Giuliani for several years for
allowing a firm run by Mr. Badillo and Mr. Harding to lobby his administration,
and have said it lobbied on behalf of only three clients in the year before Mr.
Giuliani took office. Last year, it was paid to represent 32 clients, including
Shaya B. Developers, a real estate developer, and Rite Aid pharmacies.

"It's a matter of the appearance of influence and access to City Hall," said
Gene Russianoff, senior attorney at the New York Public Interest Research Group.
"It's a serious issue." Mr. Russianoff himself is a registered lobbyist. (His
group was paid $5,634 for lobbying the city.)

Richard S. Fischbein, a senior partner at Fischbein, Badillo, said yesterday
that overall receipts from lobbying New York City officials were less than 1
percent of his firm's annual revenue. Most of the lobbying work entails helping
companies with land-use and zoning matters, he said, but he rejected suggestions
that his firm took advantage of its close ties to the mayor. "The whole concept
is absurd," Mr. Fischbein said.

The city clerk's annual report offers only a glimpse of actual lobbying efforts
in the city, as many common forms of lobbying, like public relations or legal
representation, are not included.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              126 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                             June 3, 2015 Wednesday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Senecas end consulting agreement with lobbying firm run by Pigeon

BYLINE: Robert J. McCarthy and Tom Precious; NEWS STAFF REPORTERS

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 442 words


The Seneca Nation has terminated its contract with the lobbying firm run by G.
Steven Pigeon, the Erie County political operative whose fundraising activities
are under investigation by several law enforcement agencies."The Seneca Nation
has terminated its consulting agreement with Papi Consulting LLC effective
immediately," the tribe said Tuesday in a statement. "The nation retained the
services of Papi LLC in May 2015. Due to the recent circumstances involving the
firm's founding partner, Steve Pigeon, the nation has decided it is in our best
interest to end this brief association."Pigeon and his lobbying firm had signed
up the Seneca Nation as a major client after he left his 13-year association
with the Underberg and Kessler law firm several weeks ago. That move followed
reports that he was under investigation by the state attorney general and had
hired an attorney.

Last week, the homes of Pigeon, former Deputy Mayor Steven M. Casey and
Christopher M. Grant, chief of staff to Rep. Chris Collins, were searched by
state and federal law enforcement as part of a year-long probe of a
Pigeon-connected political committee called the WNY Progressive Caucus.

In a filing with the New York State Joint Commission on Public Ethics, which
regulates the state's lobbying industry, Pigeon's firm stated that it was
representing the Seneca Nation before Erie, Niagara, Cattaraugus and Allegany
counties, Salamanca, Niagara Falls, the State Legislature and the Cuomo
administration.

The filing states that the lobbying subjects include state/Seneca affairs,
sovereignty and taxes.

The contract between the Senecas and Pigeon's firm is not yet listed on the
JCOPE website, suggesting the lobbying arrangement, covering the 2015-16
legislative session period, is relatively new.

The Seneca Nation is also represented in Albany by a lobbying firm whose
partners include former Buffalo Mayor Anthony M. Masiello. The lobbying contract
between the Seneca Nation and Masiello's firm, according to an addendum
submitted to JCOPE last week, calls for $49,900 in payments to the Buffalo
lobbying group between last February and July 31.

A couple of hours after the Seneca Nation fired Pigeon, JCOPE posted the
contract for the lobbying deal, which the state agency in Albany had been
processing.

The contract shows Pigeon on April 29 signed an agreement with Maurice A. "Moe"
John, the Seneca president, to represent the tribe for $180,000 in a deal
effective May 1 until April 30, 2016. Listed as additional lobbyists with Pigeon
are two of his longtime associates, Maurice L. Garner and Gary L. Parenti.

email: rmccarthy@buffnews.com and tprecious@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Sunday Telegram (Massachusetts)

                               May 1, 2016 Sunday
                              Worcester TG Edition

Push for renewable energy fuels surge in Bay State lobbying

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; 5

LENGTH: 637 words



HIGHLIGHT: A5 Beacon Hill for sun may 1 20 inches with file photo


BOSTON -- An effort to jolt Massachusetts' reliance on solar and wind projects
has surged in recent years, powered in part by an increase in lobbying by
supporters of renewable energy.

In 2015, nearly two dozen renewable energy companies and advocacy groups poured
more than $1.5 million into lobbying in an effort to get their voices heard by
Beacon Hill lawmakers, according to an Associated Press review of state lobbying
records.

Just five years ago, in 2010, only five of the 23 companies had spent anything
on lobbying.

The surge comes as lawmakers and Republican Gov. Charlie Baker are wrestling
with a host of renewable energy issues, from paving the way for Canadian
hydropower to debating the future of solar power credits.

The spike also comes amid a fast-changing energy landscape in Massachusetts.

In April, the owner of the Pilgrim nuclear power plant announced it will shutter
the facility in May 2019.

A week later, Houston-based Kinder Morgan Inc. said it was scrapping plans for a
$3.3 billion natural gas pipeline from New York into New England through Western
Massachusetts and Southern New Hampshire.

One the biggest energy battles at the Statehouse this session was also resolved
this month, when Baker signed a bill designed in part to help jump-start stalled
solar energy projects in Massachusetts by raising caps on the state's net
metering program.

Net metering allows homeowners, solar developers and municipal governments to
sell excess power they generate back to the electrical grid in exchange for
credit. Existing net metering caps had been reached in much of Massachusetts,
stalling some solar projects.

That debate drew the interest of solar power advocacy groups and businesses such
as SolarCity. The solar installer reported spending nearly $220,000 lobbying
state lawmakers in 2015. That's more than any other renewable energy group spent
on lobbying last year and a jump from the $126,000 the company spent in 2014,
the first year SolarCity reported spending anything on lobbying in
Massachusetts.

According to a report filed by SolarCity with the state, a good chunk of that
money -- more than $96,000 -- went to "increasing support within the House of
Representatives for raising the net metering caps by recruiting and organizing
constituents from each Representative's district to communicate with their
Representative regarding why raising the net metering cap is important to them."

SolarCity wasn't alone.

Several other firms and environmental organizations were also pushing for the
increase in the net metering cap, according to reports filed with the lobbyist
division of the secretary of state's office.

Utilities were opposed to the net metering change, which renewable energy
advocates called a short-term fix. The groups say the new caps are quickly being
reached and should be raised again.

While much of the renewable energy lobbying was focused on solar power, groups
also spent money to pitch offshore wind and hydropower.

The group Offshore Wind Massachusetts spent just under $200,000 last year to
promote offshore wind in Massachusetts, while the Bay State Hydropower
Association spent nearly $44,000.

Lawmakers are likely not done with energy issues this year.

A far more wide-reaching energy bill that could include incentives for long-term
contracts with hydropower suppliers and offshore wind developers is still
expected before the end of the formal session on July 31.

Baker has pushed for the legislation, including language that would encourage
the development of hydropower from Canada.

Kori Feener leads about 100 protesters, on March 17 in Cummington, against the
Kinder Morgan natural gas pipeline proposed for Western Massachusetts. The
company decided in April to suspend its plans, part of the fast-changing energy
landscape in the state. File Photo/The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

Pennsylvania State Legislature Bill: SENATE BILL No. 169

LENGTH: 542  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania State Legislature has issued the following bill
updates:






   (b) Content.--

   * * *

   (4) A lobbying firm or a lobbyist not associated with a

   lobbying firm shall sign the reports electronically submitted

   by each principal for whom the lobbying firm or lobbyist is

   registered to attest to the validity and accuracy to the best

   of the attestor's knowledge. A lobbying firm or lobbyist may

   attach a statement to the electronic report of a principal,

   describing the limits of the knowledge of the lobbying firm

   or lobbyist concerning the information contained in the

   expense report.



   * * *

   (6) A lobbying firm or a lobbyist not associated with a

   lobbying firm shall submit an expense report electronically

   using the computerized filing system developed by the

   department that is consistent with the purpose of this

   chapter if during the reporting period the lobbying firm or

   lobbyist engaged in lobbying which was not contained in any

   expense report filed by a principal or principals

   represented.

   * * *

   (8) A lobbying firm or a lobbyist not associated with a

   lobbying firm shall submit a report electronically using the

   computerized filing system developed by the department that

   is consistent with the purpose of this chapter if the

   lobbying firm or lobbyist engaged in lobbying on behalf of

   any entity that is exempt under section 13A06(7), (8), (9) or

   (10) (relating to exemption from registration and reporting).

   * * *

   (d) Thresholds for reporting.--An expense report required

   20170SB0169PN0145  - 3 -

   1

   2

   3

   4

   5

   6

   7

   8

   9

   10

   11

   12

   13

   14

   15

   16

   17

   18

   19

   20

   21

   22

   23

   24

   25

   26

   27

   28

   29

   30

 under this section shall be filed electronically using the
 computerized filing system developed by the department that is
 consistent with the purpose of this chapter when total expenses
 for lobbying exceed $2,500 for a registered principal in a
 reporting period. In a reporting period in which total expenses
 are $2,500 or less, a statement to that effect shall be filed[.]
 electronically using the computerized filing system developed by
 the department that is consistent with the purpose of this
 chapter.
 * * *
 § 13A10. Registration fees; fund established; system;
 regulations.
 * * *
 (c) Computerized filing system.--The department shall
 implement a fully accessible system to accommodate the use of
 computerized filing. [Each registrant shall elect on an annual
 basis whether the registrant will file all of the documents
 required by this chapter either electronically or on paper with
 the department.] The department shall post all filings on its
 publicly accessible Internet website within seven days of
 receipt of the filing.
 * * *
 Section 2. This act shall take effect as follows:
 (1) The amendment of 65 Pa.C.S. §§ 13A04(a), (d) and
 (e)(1) and 13A05(a), (b)(4), (6) and (8) and (d) shall take
 effect January 1, 2018.
 (2) The remainder of this act shall take effect
 immediately.


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

Pennsylvania State Legislature Bill: SENATE BILL No. 169

LENGTH: 542  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania State Legislature has issued the following bill
updates:






   (b) Content.--

   * * *

   (4) A lobbying firm or a lobbyist not associated with a

   lobbying firm shall sign the reports electronically submitted

   by each principal for whom the lobbying firm or lobbyist is

   registered to attest to the validity and accuracy to the best

   of the attestor's knowledge. A lobbying firm or lobbyist may

   attach a statement to the electronic report of a principal,

   describing the limits of the knowledge of the lobbying firm

   or lobbyist concerning the information contained in the

   expense report.



   * * *

   (6) A lobbying firm or a lobbyist not associated with a

   lobbying firm shall submit an expense report electronically

   using the computerized filing system developed by the

   department that is consistent with the purpose of this

   chapter if during the reporting period the lobbying firm or

   lobbyist engaged in lobbying which was not contained in any

   expense report filed by a principal or principals

   represented.

   * * *

   (8) A lobbying firm or a lobbyist not associated with a

   lobbying firm shall submit a report electronically using the

   computerized filing system developed by the department that

   is consistent with the purpose of this chapter if the

   lobbying firm or lobbyist engaged in lobbying on behalf of

   any entity that is exempt under section 13A06(7), (8), (9) or

   (10) (relating to exemption from registration and reporting).

   * * *

   (d) Thresholds for reporting.--An expense report required

   20170SB0169PN0145  - 3 -

   1

   2

   3

   4

   5

   6

   7

   8

   9

   10

   11

   12

   13

   14

   15

   16

   17

   18

   19

   20

   21

   22

   23

   24

   25

   26

   27

   28

   29

   30

 under this section shall be filed electronically using the
 computerized filing system developed by the department that is
 consistent with the purpose of this chapter when total expenses
 for lobbying exceed $2,500 for a registered principal in a
 reporting period. In a reporting period in which total expenses
 are $2,500 or less, a statement to that effect shall be filed[.]
 electronically using the computerized filing system developed by
 the department that is consistent with the purpose of this
 chapter.
 * * *
 § 13A10. Registration fees; fund established; system;
 regulations.
 * * *
 (c) Computerized filing system.--The department shall
 implement a fully accessible system to accommodate the use of
 computerized filing. [Each registrant shall elect on an annual
 basis whether the registrant will file all of the documents
 required by this chapter either electronically or on paper with
 the department.] The department shall post all filings on its
 publicly accessible Internet website within seven days of
 receipt of the filing.
 * * *
 Section 2. This act shall take effect as follows:
 (1) The amendment of 65 Pa.C.S. §§ 13A04(a), (d) and
 (e)(1) and 13A05(a), (b)(4), (6) and (8) and (d) shall take
 effect January 1, 2018.
 (2) The remainder of this act shall take effect
 immediately.


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

UTSA study examines CEO influence on corporate political activity

LENGTH: 468  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



 A new study by Bruce Rudy, assistant professor of management at The University
of Texas at San Antonio (UTSA), examines the influence corporate CEOs have on
their firm's political activity. Rudy's top-tier research focuses on corporate
lobbying investment, finding that individual characteristics of the firm's
leader influence such decisions.





 Rudy and his co-author, Andrew Johnson, assistant professor of management at
Texas A&M University--Corpus Christi, examined 100 large companies over a
27-year period to assess the impact their CEOs have on the firm's investment in
lobbying.



 "Strategy research talks a lot about the role of the leader in making critical
decisions within the firm, yet most of this research focuses on market-related
activities like mergers and acquisitions. We wanted to know whether CEOs'
influence also impacted how firm's engage in politics," he said.



 "There are basically two types of lobbying investment a firm can make," Rudy
said. "Firms can contract with existing lobbyists or choose to invest money to
develop lobbying capabilities in-house. Each type of lobbying investment has
benefits and drawbacks for the firm."



 Rudy and his co-author found that CEOs that were younger, had shorter tenure,
held undergraduate degrees in business and law or were promoted to CEO via
backgrounds in accounting, finance, and law were more likely to invest
internally to build lobbying capabilities within the firm. Older and longer
tenured CEOs were more likely to contract with Washington, D.C. lobbyists that
were external to the organization.



 "External lobbyists tend to be former politicians or D.C. insiders who are
really good at tapping into their network," Rudy said. "This skill set is
particularly well-suited for maintaining the status quo in politics which older
and tenured CEOs prefer. In contrast, the CEO characteristics that predicted a
firm's investment in in-house lobbying capabilities tend to be less associated
with status quo maintenance. A skilled in-house lobbying team may even be
capable of shifting policy that can benefit the firm over the long-term."



 As for the future of CEOs and political activity with a corporate CEO soon to
be inaugurated as President of the United States, Rudy noted that some
industries are excited by the prospect, while others are not.



 "Firms are going to be focused on the president-elect's policy positions, more
than his standing as a CEO," he said. "Corporations have been involved in
politics since the early days of our nation and it is difficult to imagine a
future where this isn't the case."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

UTSA study examines CEO influence on corporate political activity

LENGTH: 468  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



 A new study by Bruce Rudy, assistant professor of management at The University
of Texas at San Antonio (UTSA), examines the influence corporate CEOs have on
their firm's political activity. Rudy's top-tier research focuses on corporate
lobbying investment, finding that individual characteristics of the firm's
leader influence such decisions.





 Rudy and his co-author, Andrew Johnson, assistant professor of management at
Texas A&M University--Corpus Christi, examined 100 large companies over a
27-year period to assess the impact their CEOs have on the firm's investment in
lobbying.



 "Strategy research talks a lot about the role of the leader in making critical
decisions within the firm, yet most of this research focuses on market-related
activities like mergers and acquisitions. We wanted to know whether CEOs'
influence also impacted how firm's engage in politics," he said.



 "There are basically two types of lobbying investment a firm can make," Rudy
said. "Firms can contract with existing lobbyists or choose to invest money to
develop lobbying capabilities in-house. Each type of lobbying investment has
benefits and drawbacks for the firm."



 Rudy and his co-author found that CEOs that were younger, had shorter tenure,
held undergraduate degrees in business and law or were promoted to CEO via
backgrounds in accounting, finance, and law were more likely to invest
internally to build lobbying capabilities within the firm. Older and longer
tenured CEOs were more likely to contract with Washington, D.C. lobbyists that
were external to the organization.



 "External lobbyists tend to be former politicians or D.C. insiders who are
really good at tapping into their network," Rudy said. "This skill set is
particularly well-suited for maintaining the status quo in politics which older
and tenured CEOs prefer. In contrast, the CEO characteristics that predicted a
firm's investment in in-house lobbying capabilities tend to be less associated
with status quo maintenance. A skilled in-house lobbying team may even be
capable of shifting policy that can benefit the firm over the long-term."



 As for the future of CEOs and political activity with a corporate CEO soon to
be inaugurated as President of the United States, Rudy noted that some
industries are excited by the prospect, while others are not.



 "Firms are going to be focused on the president-elect's policy positions, more
than his standing as a CEO," he said. "Corporations have been involved in
politics since the early days of our nation and it is difficult to imagine a
future where this isn't the case."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 8, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Lobbying, Not Lawyering;
Gov. Ehrlich's personal lawyer and his 'nice little blocks'

SECTION: Editorial; A22

LENGTH: 515 words


DAVID HAMILTON, a Maryland attorney, attends meetings with state officials on
his clients' behalf. He is paid to represent their interests, push their cause
and plead their case with officials, including  his old friend Gov. Robert L.
Ehrlich Jr. (R), whom Mr. Hamilton serves as personal attorney. Capitalizing on
that close association, Mr. Hamilton has also arranged meetings with the
governor for some of his clients, including Verizon Wireless. In short, Mr.
Hamilton, who is head of the government relations practice at the Baltimore law
firm Ober Kaler, is a lobbyist.

But unlike other lobbyists in the state of Maryland, Mr. Hamilton has not
bothered to register as a lobbyist. "I do lawyering, not lobbying," he protested
to The Post's Matthew Mosk. The distinction has been convenient for him and
fruitful for the governor, because by not registering Mr. Hamilton avoids state
laws governing lobbying. Not only may he ignore disclosure requirements, but he
is also free to raise money for Mr. Ehrlich  --  including  soliciting campaign
contributions from the same clients for whom he has arranged an audience with
the governor.

This arrangement  --  precisely the sort of potentially sleazy interplay of
political influence-peddling and money that state laws are designed to forbid
--  seems to trouble neither Mr. Hamilton nor Mr. Ehrlich. Mr. Hamilton is
untroubled because he works in conjunction with another Annapolis power broker,
William Pitcher, who he insists does all the real lobbying. Mr. Ehrlich is
untroubled because, well, he and Mr. Hamilton are old buddies. "The governor and
Dave have been friends for 24 years," said Henry Fawell, Mr. Ehrlich's
spokesman.

However, Mr. Hamilton's fast-and-loose approach to the lobbying rules should
trouble the state's independent ethics commission, which we expect will
undertake a vigorous investigation.

The distinction Mr. Hamilton tries to draw between lawyering and lobbying  --
he just explains the legal issues, he insists  --  is too subtle. It's also
false. In an e-mail obtained by The Post, Mr. Hamilton urged Baltimore County
officials this year to tone down or stifle their opposition to the construction
of a liquefied natural gas terminal sought by one of his clients. And in
meetings with the same county officials, Mr. Hamilton pressed them to provide
funding to his client. This is not "lawyering"; it is lobbying, plain and
simple. Mr. Hamilton's own Web page notes that his firm's "recent strategic
alliance" with Mr. Pitcher "has provided opportunities to advocate for clients'
interests in Maryland."

For years Maryland politics has been a gentlemen's club of insiders trading
favors. In 1999 one such insider, Lance W. Billingsley, a pal of then-Gov.
Parris N. Glendening (D), ignited a storm when it was disclosed that he had been
paid to arrange meetings for corporate executives with the governor. Mr.
Hamilton rejects the comparison with the disgraced Mr. Billingsley, saying that
his own work "all fits in nice little blocks." We'd label those blocks "shady,"
"dodgy" and "unprincipled."

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              133 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             April 30, 2013 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Tech companies with lots to gain pour cash into immigration effort;
Zuckerberg group funds ads aimed at overhaul

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten, and Alan Gomez, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 492 words


Seven technology companies and a software association -- all with interests in
shaping the immigration debate -- each spent more than $1 million on federal
lobbying efforts during the first three months of 2013, new reports show.

Their spending, totaling $13.8 million, swamps the $80,000 one longtime
immigration advocate, the National Council of La Raza, spent on lobbying. The
spending is one part of the tech industry's new advocacy push to shape a leading
bipartisan Senate proposal that would dramatically expand the temporary visas
and green cards given to foreign workers in the technology field.

Among the biggest increases: lobbying by Facebook, which soared to $2.45
million, up from $650,000 during the same period last year.  In a separate move
from his company's official lobbying activity, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg
has assembled some of the Silicon Valley's wealthiest figures to underwrite
FWD.us, a non-profit group aimed at buildingsupport for a large-scale rewrite of
U.S. immigration policy.

To advance the cause, the Zuckerberg group also has launched two subsidiaries --
Americans for a Conservative Direction and the Council for American Job Growth,
targeting both conservative and liberal voters, respectively.

Americans for a Conservative Direction is running ads that feature Sen. Marco
Rubio, R-Fla., one of eight lawmakers behind the Senate's leading immigration
bill. A separate ad backs South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham, another GOP member
of the Senate's "Gang of Eight."

The tech sector stands to make big gains under the Senate plan, which would
dramatically changes the way the federal government grants visas and green cards
to immigrants. Currently, most green cards are issued based on family ties to
U.S. citizens. In 2012, 14% of immigrants were granted green cards tied to
employment. Under the Senate plan, about 50% of green cards would be
employment-based.

The Senate bill would end the practice of U.S. citizens petitioning for green
cards for their siblings.

"The aim is to remake the immigration system so it has a much clearer economic
focus," Graham said.

The lobbying reports show technology companies seeking to influence policy on a
wide range of topics.  Companies do not have to report how much they spend on
particular issues, such as immigration. Facebook officials said their lobbying
increased because of a one-time compensation boost as restricted stock was
transferred to some employees.

The industry "needs a modernized, high-skilled immigration system in order to
keep growing ... and the Senate bill moves us in the right direction," Facebook
spokeswoman Jodi Seth said. She said the company has not been involved in talks
to end the sibling program.

---

Immigration lobbying

Top tech companies that lobbied on immigration in the first quarter and the
total they spent on all their lobbying efforts:

Google

$3.35 million

Microsoft

$2.53 million

Facebook

$2.45 million

Source U.S. Senate lobbying records

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           February 7, 2009 Saturday

House defeats ethics measure

BYLINE: Brad Bumsted

LENGTH: 569 words


HARRISBURG -- To freshman Rep. Jim Christiana, it's a black-and-white issue:
Lawmakers should not receive outside income as lobbyists, or from law firms with
lobbying arms.

"It's a conflict of interest," Christiana, a Beaver County Republican, says
flatly. "You absolutely should not be allowed, under any circumstances, to work
for a firm that does lobbying.

But after a tussle over House rules this week, a legislator can collect income
from a law firm with a lobbying arm, or even from a lobbying firm, and not
violate the chamber's standards. There are no legislators known to be lobbying,
but several work for law firms that lobby.

"The taxpayers," Christiana said, "don't want their representatives to receive
money from firms that lobby."

"No one is lobbying," said House Majority Leader Todd Eachus, D-Luzerne County.

Republican Rep. John Maher of Upper St. Clair offered an amendment to prohibit
it, and his measure was approved unanimously this week. But within two hours the
House, controlled by Democrats, killed the lobbying ban by a 100-98 vote.

Just four Democrats voted with the Republicans, in effect, to retain the
lobbying ban: Reps. Bill Keller and Michael O'Brien of Philadelphia, and Reps.
John Yudichak and Mike Carroll of Luzerne County.

All Western Pennsylvania Democrats voted to kill Maher's amendment through a
motion by Rep. John Pallone, D-New Kensington, that declared it
unconstitutional. GOP members from the Pittsburgh area voted against Pallone's
motion.

Maher's amendment, said Republican Rep. Doug Reichley of Allentown, was an
attempt "to take another step forward to restore integrity for this chamber."

"We thought it was important there not be this conflict of interest," Reichley
said.

Pallone said he agreed with the thrust of Maher's amendment, but said it was
"overly broad" and created potential for the Supreme Court to say the House was
regulating the practice of law.

The House has a constitutional right to pass its own rules, Maher said. The
issue is about lobbyists, not lawyers, he said.

"I don't have a problem with the concept. I have a problem with the way it was
done," said Pallone, an attorney who said he has no lobbying income.

Rep. Tony DeLuca, D-Penn Hills, said limits on outside income shouldn't be
restricted to attorneys and should include accountants and other professionals.
Those holding other jobs could be distracted and might do some of that work on
state time, he said.

DeLuca said he intends to introduce legislation to limit lawmakers' outside
income to 35 percent of their $78,315 state salary.

"That's a separate question," Maher said.

Eachus hinted that the issue could surface again. "I'm reviewing these issues
and hopefully will find a way to deal with it so there is no perceived
conflict," Eachus said.

Rep. Josh Shapiro, D-Montgomery County, is "of counsel" to a Philadelphia law
firm that lobbies. He is not a partner in the firm and has said he has no
discussions with the firm's lobbyists. He was unavailable for comment, but told
the Philadelphia Inquirer the Maher amendment might have cost him income.

Rep. Mike Gerber, another Montgomery County Democrat, is an associate at another
Philadelphia law firm that lobbies. Gerber lauded Maher's intent but said the
language was imprecise. At the law firm, Gerber said, "I've never been
registered as a lobbyist. I've never lobbied. I am walled off from any lobbying
activity."

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 27, 2003 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Company Gets Record Fine For Its Giving To Lawmakers

BYLINE:  By JAMES C. McKINLEY Jr.

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 862 words

DATELINE: ALBANY Feb. 26


The state's Lobbying Commission fined a private prison company a record $300,000
today for failing to report free transportation, meals and other gifts it had
given to legislators in an effort to keep millions of dollars in state
contracts.

Reams of documents and depositions released by the commission as it announced
the fine today painted a picture of a company, Correctional Services
Corporation, that did everything it could to curry favor with more than a dozen
elected officials in Brooklyn and the Bronx as it won contracts to provide
services to recently released prisoners. The $300,000 fine is the largest that
the state has ever imposed on a single company for breaking its lobbying laws.

David M. Grandeau, the executive director of the lobbying commission, said the
size of the fine was intended to send a strong message. "This isn't a game," he
said. "If you are going to lobby in this state, you have an obligation to follow
the law."

The company, Correction Services Corporation, based in Sarasota, Fla., gained
more than $22 million worth of state contracts in the 1990's, but no longer does
any business with the state. The company's president, James F. Slattery, a
former New Yorker, denied any wrongdoing, however. In a prepared statement, he
said he took issue with the commission's conclusions but had agreed to the fine
only to "avoid further expense and distraction."

In depositions before the commission, Mr. Slattery and another company official,
Jack A. Brown III, tried to cast blame for the unreported lobbying activities on
a former company vice president, Franklin Chris Jackson, who left the company in
2000.

Company expense reports made public today suggest that Mr. Jackson not only
provided free transportation to some lawmakers but also wined and dined many
others, especially in early 2000. None of these gifts were reported to the
lobbying commission as required by law. At least six of the unreported gifts
were worth more than the $75 limit that state law sets on perquisites lobbyists
may give lawmakers, the commission found.

For instance, Roberto Ramirez, a former Bronx assemblyman and county Democratic
chairman, received a $113 fruit basket from the company in March 2000. In the
same month, Larry B. Seabrook, a former Bronx assemblyman now in the City
Council, got a $202 plane ticket from Washington to New York. Two other
lawmakers, who were not named in the documents, received boxes of chocolates on
Valentine's Day that year from the company worth more than $75.

The lobbying activities of the company are under investigation by the district
attorneys in Albany and Manhattan, who are looking at the possibility of
bringing criminal charges against company officials and legislators. The
lobbying commission has turned over the records it has collected to those
investigators. The State Legislative Ethics Committee and the Board of Elections
have also opened inquiries.

In depositions, Mr. Slattery and Mr. Brown said the company rented minivans
during the 2000 election and gave them to Assemblyman Roger Green of Brooklyn
and other candidates for use in campaigns.

The company's undisclosed influence peddling came to light after Assemblywoman
Gloria Davis, a Bronx Democrat, pleaded guilty to bribery charges in connection
with helping a construction company win a lucrative contract in her district.

As part of a plea bargain, Ms. Davis admitted that she had accepted free rides
to and from Albany in vans provided by Correction Services Corporation. She said
she had in return helped the company continue to get state contracts.

Former employees of the company say Mr. Green, an influential legislator who
heads the Black and Puerto Rican Caucus in the Assembly, was also given free
transportation in a minivan with tinted windows, as well as workers for his
political campaigns, free meals and a cellular telephone.

The depositions and documents released today, however, establish only that the
company provided a rented van for Mr. Green sometime in December 2000. The two
company officials maintained that the van was only provided on one day for
election purposes. One of the company's records, however, refers to one of the
rented vans as "Roger minivan" in Mr. Slattery's handwriting. Another expense
report, from August 2000, lists a $30 expense that says: "Roger Green needed
van."

Gerald L. Shargel, a lawyer for Mr. Green, said the assemblyman denied the
documents released today proved any wrongdoing.

The man at the center of the case, Mr. Jackson, was not deposed because he is
gravely ill, according to his lawyer, Gail E. Laser.

Mr. Jackson's expense reports, however, suggest he spent a good deal of time
dining with politicians. On Jan. 18, for instance, he reported having a $170
dinner with State Senator Ada Smith at a Queens restaurant. On Jan. 27, he spent
$223 on dinner at a Bronx restaurant with Mr. Ramirez, the county Democratic
leader. Mr. Jackson's tab also included a lunch at Sylvia's in Harlem with H.
Carl McCall, the former state comptroller, for $50.

Many of these meals were not necessarily illegal gifts under the state's $75
rule, but failure to report them violated the law.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              136 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                             March 27, 2006 Monday

Students join lobbying effort: DULUTH DAYS:High school students will help rally
the city's causes during the annual lobbying event at the Minnesota Capitol.

BYLINE: Scott Thistle, Duluth News-Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 430 words


Mar. 27--Business advocates for Duluth will get a welcome and youthful hand from
high school seniors during the city's annual lobbying event, which starts today
at the Capitol in St. Paul.

More than 30 students from Denfeld and Central high schools will get some
hands-on political advocacy experience as they meet with politicians from around
the state, said Kathy Bartsias, the school district's service learning
coordinator.

This is the second year seniors from high school government classes have joined
the Duluth and St. Louis County Days lobbying effort, Bartsias said. Their
efforts this year will expand to interviewing other participants at the Capitol
about the event.

Clips from some of those video interviews will be played during a breakfast,
featuring House Speaker Steve Sviggum, R-Kenyon, and Senate Majority Leader Dean
Johnson, DFL-Willmar, on Tuesday.

Organized by the Duluth Area Chamber of Commerce, the lobbying aims to bring the
region's issues into focus for lawmakers from elsewhere in the state, according
to Andy Peterson, the chamber's director of public policy.

Help from the students is a welcome addition, and the video message from
participants will be a highlight at the Tuesday breakfast, Peterson said.

A primary effort is urging lawmakers to $33support.7 million in state-backed
financing for a $67.4 million expansion of the Duluth Entertainment Convention
Center.

Other Duluth issues, including improving the levels of state aid to public
schools, also are important, especially for the students, Bartsias said.

"They know their world best," she said.

Last year the students met with lawmakers who were mostly from Northeastern
Minnesota. This year's group will reach out to more lawmakers from other parts
of the state. That change is a result of feedback from last year's student
participants, who said they frequently felt like they didn't need to advocate to
those who already understood their issues well, Bartsias said.

"They felt like our lawmakers always agreed with them," Bartsias said. "They
didn't feel like they could effect much change, and they wanted to talk to a
more diverse representation of the Legislature."

The students also will work for two hours during a reception for lawmakers at
Cedar Street Armory in St. Paul starting at 5 p.m. today before returning to
Duluth.

Copyright (c) 2006, Duluth News-Tribune, Minn. Distributed by Knight
Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on republishing this content,
contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213)
237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060327-DU-0327-Students-join-lobbying-effort

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2006 Duluth News-Tribune


                              137 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          February 20, 2003, Thursday

MORE ILLEGAL GIFTS FROM PRISON FIRM

BYLINE: By CELESTE KATZ DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER With News Wire Services

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 390 words


The state Lobbying Commission has evidence that a private prison firm gave
illegal gifts to state lawmakers, a top commission official said yesterday.

After lengthy interviews with executives of Correctional Services Corp.,
Lobbying Commission Executive Director David Grandeau said the Florida-based
firm also improperly filed lobbying reports with the state.

"We feel there's sufficient evidence to bring an action against them for failing
to properly report their lobbying expenditures, along with the fact that they
made illegal gifts beyond the $75 limit to legislators," Grandeau said.

CSC, which has been under investigation for giving free transportation to
lawmakers, can settle the matter by amending its reports and paying a fine or
going to a hearing, he said. The maximum fines are $50,000 per inaccurate report
and $25,000 for each illegal lobbying expense.

The gifts, made in 2000, included a $200 plane ticket for then-Assemblyman Larry
Seabrook, now a Bronx city councilman. Then-Assemblyman Roberto Ramirez of the
Bronx received a fruit basket valued at more than $100, and two unidentified
lawmakers received Valentine's Day chocolates valued at more than $100 each,
Grandeau said.

Seabrook and Ramirez, both Democrats, could not be reached for comment.

The gifts were made by Chris Jackson, a former CSC vice president who was fired
in 2000 after being arrested in the Dominican Republic on charges of filming
boys engaging in sex acts.

Grandeau said Jackson is too ill to testify but has been cooperating with the
commission through his Manhattan lawyer, Gail Laser. Laser declined to comment
yesterday.

Began with Davis case

Controversy surrounding the corrections company began to swirl last month, after
Assemblywoman Gloria Davis (D-Bronx) quit the Legislature and pleaded guilty to
accepting bribes. As part of a plea bargain, Davis admitted accepting free rides
from the company to Albany in exchange for helping the firm cut through
bureaucracy.

Assemblyman Roger Green (D-Brooklyn) also has admitted taking transportation
from CSC but has said he contributed to the cost and did not perform any
political favors in return.

The state stopped contracting with the firm in 2001. By then, CSC had made more
than $25 million from New York halfway-house contracts.


LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                              138 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          February 20, 2003, Thursday

MORE ILLEGAL GIFTS FROM PRISON FIRM

BYLINE: By CELESTE KATZ DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 412 words


The state Lobbying Commission has evidence that a private prison firm gave
illegal gifts to state lawmakers, a top commission official said yesterday.

After lengthy interviews with executives of Correctional Services Corp.,
Lobbying Commission Executive Director David Grandeau said the Florida-based
firm also improperly filed lobbying reports with the state.

"We feel there's sufficient evidence to bring an action against them for failing
to properly report their lobbying expenditures, along with the fact that they
made illegal gifts beyond the $75 limit to legislators," Grandeau said.

CSC, which has been under investigation for giving free transportation to
lawmakers, can settle the matter by amending its reports and paying a fine or
going to a hearing, he said. The maximum fines are $50,000 per inaccurate report
and $25,000 for each illegal lobbying expense.

The gifts, made in 2000, included a $200 plane ticket for then-Assemblyman Larry
Seabrook, now a Bronx city councilman. Then-Assemblyman Roberto Ramirez of the
Bronx received a fruit basket valued at more than $100, and two unidentified
lawmakers received Valentine's Day chocolates valued at more than $100 each,
Grandeau said.

Seabrook and Ramirez, both Democrats, could not be reached for comment.

The gifts were made by Chris Jackson, a former CSC vice president who was fired
in 2000 after being arrested in the Dominican Republic on charges of filming
boys engaging in sex acts.

Grandeau said Jackson is too ill to testify but has been cooperating with the
commission through his Manhattan lawyer, Gail Laser. Laser declined to comment
yesterday.

Began with Davis case

Controversy surrounding the corrections company began to swirl last month, after
Assemblywoman Gloria Davis (D-Bronx) quit the Legislature and pleaded guilty to
accepting bribes. As part of a plea bargain, Davis admitted accepting free rides
from the company to Albany in exchange for helping the firm cut through
bureaucracy.

Assemblyman Roger Green (D-Brooklyn) also has admitted taking transportation
from CSC but has said he contributed to the cost and did not perform any
political favors in return.

The company has made campaign contributions to a variety of politicians,
including Gov. Pataki, a Republican. The state stopped contracting with the firm
in 2001. By then, CSC had made more than $25 million from New York halfway-house
contracts.

With News Wire Services

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                              139 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 06, 1998, Sunday, Final Edition

Telecom's Lavish Spending on Lobbying

Mike Mills, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. H01

LENGTH: 2775 words



A confidential memo from the public relations firm Burson-Marsteller spelled it
out for Sprint Corp. executives: For $ 1.5 million, the agency could launch a
nationwide "grass-roots" lobbying campaign that would convey the impression of
strong citizen opposition to rival SBC Communications Corp.'s pending
acquisition of Bell phone company cousin Ameritech Inc.

Consumer groups, low-income and minority activists and other allies "can easily
be contacted and mobilized" in several states, said the October memo, a copy of
which was obtained by The Washington Post. Those groups would demand regulatory
hearings on the merger, which "will result in a delay in the approval process
and will require the merger companies to defend their proposal in many
unanticipated venues."

Sprint already was helping to finance grass-roots "coalitions" against the
merger in Indiana, Illinois, Ohio and Wisconsin. But company officials said they
rejected the PR agency's pitch to broaden that approach, and now focus on
lobbying regulators directly. "What we decided to go forward with is different
from what they suggested," said spokeswoman Eileen Doherty.

Sprint's campaign against big Bell mergers is only the latest example of how the
telecommunications industry remains more politically active than ever, nearly
three years after Congress enacted the biggest overhaul of telecommunications
laws in six decades.

The nation's local, long-distance and wireless phone companies have spent $ 166
million on legislative and regulatory lobbying since 1996 -- more than the
tobacco, aerospace and gambling lobbies combined -- according to an analysis
conducted for The Post by the Campaign Study Group, a Springfield-based
independent research firm.

The study examined the first two years of filings required under the Lobbying
Disclosure Act of 1995, which requires companies to disclose how much they spend
exercising their right to influence legislators and regulators at the federal
level.

Even if Sprint had embraced Burson-Marsteller's plan, it wouldn't have been
required to disclose such spending. In late 1994, House Speaker Newt Gingrich
(R-Ga.) led a successful effort to exempt state and grass-roots lobbying efforts
from requirements of the law, though some companies -- including Sprint -- have
voluntarily included such data in past filings.

Sprint's efforts to quash the SBC-Ameritch deal aside, the biggest spenders on
lobbying have been companies seeking regulatory approval for mergers, led by
Bell Atlantic Corp., SBC and MCI Communications Corp.

The study also confirms the telecommunications industry's renown as one of the
top sources of congressional and presidential campaign funds. Telecom companies
spent $ 13.5 million on contributions to candidates, political parties and
political action committees (PACs) in the 1997-98 election cycle as of Oct. 14
-- a 52 percent jump from the $ 8.9 million spent during the last
nonpresidential election cycle of 1993-94.

Those companies also nearly doubled their spending during the last presidential
election period, increasing it to $ 16.6 million in 1995-96 from the $ 9.1
million spent during the 1991-92 presidential campaign season.

The increase reflects what was among the most expensive and contentious lobbying
wars ever waged on Capitol Hill. During one period, from Oct. 25, 1995, to Feb.
2, 1996, as House and Senate lawmakers were huddled in a conference committee to
work out the the final details of an overhaul of telecommunication law, the
industry sprinkled $ 2.7 million in contributions over lawmakers and parties --
three times more than it gave during comparable periods in each of the previous
two election cycles.

Lobbying spending and campaign-giving levels only rose higher after the
Telecommunications Act became law on Feb. 8, 1996. In addition to influencing
the merger approval process, the cash has been aimed at educating legislators
and regulators on the fine points of carrying out the law. Billions of dollars
in revenue are in play among the telecom giants, as the Federal Communications
Commission remains paralyzed over such tangled issues as revising the archaic
telephone subsidy system for a newly competitive market, deciding whether Bell
companies should be allowed into the long-distance business and opening local
phone monopolies to competition.

Those issues, little known or understood by consumers, also will determine how
much people pay for phone and Internet services -- and how many competitors will
vie for their business.


The Law on Lobbying


The 1995 Lobbying Disclosure Act requires professional firms and organizations
that hire lobbyists to disclose what issues they are seeking to influence and
how much they are spending to influence federal executive and legislative-branch
officials. The law covers lobbying on legislation, executive-branch enforcement
and regulatory decisions as well as contract awards.

Lobbying disclosure forms submitted by telecom companies show that the biggest
increases in lobbying spending since 1996 belong to the three companies that
have been engaged in the most merger activity: Bell Atlantic, Texas-based SBC
and MCI.

Bell Atlantic, which announced it would purchase fellow Bell company Nynex Corp.
in April 1996, spent $ 32.3 million on lobbying from 1996 to 1998. That spending
ramped up from $ 7.7 million in the mid-1996 to mid-1997 period to $ 19.9
million from July 1997 to July 1998. After a contentious approval process in
which opponents said the deal would stifle phone competition on the East Coast,
regulators approved the merger in August 1997. Bell Atlantic now awaits approval
for its new plan to acquire GTE Corp. for $ 53 billion.

Nynex's lobbying budget was a significant part of Bell Atlantic's lobbying
total: Nynex had spent $ 2.1 million from July 1996 to July 1997 before the
company was folded into Bell Atlantic. Bell Atlantic officials also point out
that Nynex had not included state lobbying expenses in its federal disclosures,
while Bell Atlantic does.

SBC spent $ 4.7 million on lobbying in 1996 and $ 8.1 million in 1997. The 1997
figure absorbs roughly $ 2 million in lobbying spending by Bell company Pacific
Telesis Group Inc., which was purchased by SBC in 1996. SBC also bought Southern
New England Telephone Co. in 1997.

MCI's lobbying spending doubled from $ 1.6 million in 1996 to $ 3.3 million in
1997, with another $ 1.5 million spent in the first half of 1998. In November
1996 MCI agreed to a buyout bid from British Telecommunications PLC. One year
later, WorldCom Inc. supplanted BT with a rival offer for MCI of $ 40 billion.
The WorldCom merger was approved by regulators this fall. WorldCom spent only $
140,000 on lobbying in 1996 and 1997 combined.

Critics of the 1995 lobbying disclosure law say these numbers most likely
understate the amount companies spend on influencing Congress and agencies. Nor
is the information required on biannual spending disclosure forms as meaningful
as it should be, they maintain.

For example, companies are allowed to elect whether to include state and
so-called grass-roots lobbying with their federal lobbying expenditures. Some
companies do while others do not, making comparisons to similar companies
difficult. Also, companies are essentially asked to give their "best-guess"
estimates of lobbying spending -- and there is no mechanism for verifying the
amounts they report or ensuring that under-counting does not occur.

"There are big gaps, of which the most important one is the loophole omitting
grass-roots lobbying," said Gary Ruskin of the nonprofit Congressional
Accountability Project.

The lobbying disclosure forms are "really up to the goodwill of the people
filing these reports," said Larry Makinson, executive director of the nonprofit
Center for Responsive Politics. "There is absolutely no enforcement, even less
than with campaign contributions at the Federal Elections Commission. Plus, it's
a new law. And yet, they provide a very valuable insight into where the lobbying
money goes."

Other huge telecom companies had only marginal increases in lobbying spending,
and many -- including AT&T Corp., US West Inc. and GTE -- maintained or
decreased their lobbying budgets through the two-year period. US West's lobbying
efforts included those of Continental Cablevision Inc. after their merger in
November 1996.

AT&T, the nation's largest telecommunications company, ranked second in lobbying
spending, dispensing $ 16.2 million in 1996 and 1997. But within the two-year
period, AT&T's spending declined from $ 4.3 million in early 1996 to $ 3.7
million at the end of 1997.

AT&T's top outside lobbying firm -- Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld --
received the most in billings from the telecommunications industry since January
1996, at $ 1.3 million, according to lobbying data. Wunder, Knight, Levine,
Thelen & Forscey (representing Bell Atlantic and other local carriers); O'Brien
& Calio (AT&T); and Arter & Hadden (Bell Atlantic, SBC) also received more than
$ 1 million each from telecom companies.


On the Campaign Trail


In addition to lobbying expenses, campaign contributions by telecommunications
firms and industry executives to federal and state candidates and parties also
have jumped significantly after the law's enactment.

Since 1991, the year when telecommunications reform legislation began moving in
Congress, the industry has contributed $ 48 million to federal candidates and
party committees. Nine industry giants account for $ 42.1 million, or 88
percent, of that total, with five firms -- AT&T, Bell Atlantic, SBC, BellSouth
Corp. and Ameritech -- making 63 percent of all contributions.

The $ 100 billion local phone industry, dominated by companies including the
Bells and GTE, contributed $ 27.7 million of that amount. The $ 70 billion
long-distance industry, led by carriers including AT&T, MCI and Sprint, spent $
16.1 million.

Top givers during the 1997-98 season were AT&T ($ 1.9 million) Bell Atlantic ($
1.6 million), BellSouth ($ 1.6 million), SBC ($ 1.2 million) and MCI ($
964,348).

During the most recent presidential election season, 1995-96, the
telecommunications industry donated $ 16.6 million to campaigns, nearly double
the $ 9.1 million spent in the 1991-92 presidential campaign season and the $
8.9 million spent in the 1993-94 season.

South Carolina Sen. Ernest F. Hollings, the ranking Democrat on the Commerce
Committee and a sponsor of the 1996 law, was the top recipient of telecom
campaign contributions, with $ 107,446 in individual contributions and $ 164,763
in PAC donations. Hollings, who survived a difficult reelection battle, raised a
total of $ 4 million for his campaign, according to Makinson.

Sen. John McCain of Arizona, who chairs the Commerce Committee that overseas
telecommunications issues, was the leading Republican recipient of phone
industry contributions, with $ 240,850.

Most of the recent overall increase in donations is in the form of so-called
"soft-money" contributions, which is money going to party campaign committees.
The companies donated $ 1.1 million to the Democratic party in the 1994 national
election cycle, but that number shot up to $ 3.9 million during the 1996
presidential election cycle and was up to $ 2.3 million as of Oct. 14 for the
1998 season. Republicans received $ 902,884 in soft-money contributions in the
1994 cycle and $ 3.4 million in the 1996 presidential election period. As of
Oct. 14, GOP candidates received $ 3.6 million in soft-money contributions for
the 1997-98 season.

Contributions by individuals within the telecom industry to lawmakers or parties
also accounted for the increase. Democrats got $ 406,705 from individual
contributors in the 1992 presidential election cycle and $ 791,490 in the 1996
period. Such donations to Republicans for the same periods jumped from $ 377,691
to $ 837,532.

President Clinton was the top recipient of contributions from telecom industry
individuals from 1991 to Oct. 14, 1998, with $ 169,800 received. The Republican
presidential candidate, Sen. Robert J. Dole, got $ 73,402 in individual
contributions from people at telecommunications firms.

The top congressional recipient of individual telecom contributions was Rep.
Edward J. Markey (D-Mass.), a key player on telecommunications issues, who
received $ 124,800 in individual contributions since 1991.

A political action committee seeking to reelect House Commerce Committee ranking
Democrat John D. Dingell of Michigan received the most contributions from
telecom companies since 1991, $ 213,630.

Attention and money also shifted to the state level after enactment of the 1996
law. Telecommunications contributors more than doubled their donations to
state-level parties and candidates in 1996 and 1997, spending $ 1 million in
each year, compared with $ 411,694 in 1995. Figures for the 1998 election cycle
are not yet available.

Long-distance companies, led by AT&T, MCI and Sprint, contributed $ 1.4 million
to state races from 1995-97, while the Bells, GTE and other local firms donated
$ 999,648.

The Florida Republican Party was by far the largest recipient of
telecommunications donations at the state level, with $ 350,250 in 1995-97
contributions. Florida Democrats ranked second with $ 191,399. The Missouri
Democratic Party ran a distant third with $ 88,000 in contributions.

Florida was a bellwether state for the telecom industry after the 1996 law, when
lawmakers tried -- but ultimately failed -- to pass legislation that would have
raised local phone rates while reducing charges that long-distance carriers pay
to local carriers for access to local phone networks. The effort was an attempt
to follow through on a key goal of the federal law: to overhaul the complex
system of telephone subsidies that ensures universal phone service.


Lobbying Expenses


Here are the 15 telecommunications companies that spent the most on lobbying
from Jan. 1, 1996 to June 30, 1998, and the amounts:


Total spent,* in millions


Bell Atlantic $ 32.3

AT&T 20.1

Ameritech 17.3

SBC Communications 15.5

Sprint 15.1

BellSouth 12.3

GTE 10.6

US West 9.9

Cellular Telecommunications Industries 7.4

MCI Communications $ 6.3

Pacific Telesis** 5.1

Nynex*** 3.9

U.S. Telephone Association 2.9

Personal Communications Industry Association 1.7

Airtouch Communications 1.6


*Companies can choose whether to include state-lobbying activities in the totals

**Before its merger with SBC

***Before it was bought by Bell Atlantic


SOURCE: Campaign Study Group (in a study for The Washington Post)


Big Bucks

Telecommunications firms contributed $ 22.6 million to Democrats and $ 25.4
million to Republicans in the past four major elections:

Democrats Republicans Total


Contributions in millions

1992* 4.9 4.1 9.0

1994 4.9 4.0 8.9

1996* 7.4 9.2 16.6

1998** 5.4 8.0 13.4


*Presidential election years

**as of Oct. 14

Note: Includes individual, political action committee and party contributions.

SOURCE: Campaign Study Group


Campaign Contributions Since 1991


Sen. Ernest F. Hollings

(D-S.C.) -Highest-ranking Democrat, Senate Commerce Committee

Top candidate recipient of telecommunications contributions: $ 272,209

Sen. John McCain

(R-Ariz.) - Chairman, Senate Commerce Committee

Top Republican recipient of telecommunications contributions: $ 240,850

Rep. John D. Dingell

(D-Mich.) - Highest-ranking Democrat, House Commerce Committee

Top PAC recipient of telecommunications contributions: $ 213,630

Rep. Edward J. Markey

(D-Mass.) - Top Democrat, House Telecommunications subcommittee

Top congressional recipient of individual telecommunications contributions: $
124,800


The top telecommunications campaign contributors are:


1. AT&T -- $ 8.4 million

2. Bell Atlantic -- $ 5.8 million

3. SBC Communications -- $ 5.3 million

4. Bell South -- $ 5.0 million

5. MCI WorldCom -- $ 4.1 million

6. Ameritech -- $ 3.5 million

7. Sprint -- $ 2.8 million

8. GTE -- $ 2.7 million

9. US West -- $ 2.7 million

10. U.S. Telephone Association -- $ 0.7 million


Note: All dollar amounts are from Jan. 1, 1991, to Oct. 14, 1998

SOURCE: Campaign Study Group*Company totals include contributions by all
acquisitions finalized by Oct. 14.


LOAD-DATE: December 06, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              140 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 24, 2010 Wednesday

Pfizer opened its wallet for lobbying in 2009

BYLINE: Lee Howard, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 443 words


Mar. 24--Pfizer Inc., fighting to get its merger with Wyeth Pharmaceuticals
approved and supporting an overhaul of the nation's health care system, nearly
doubled the money it spent on lobbying in 2009 compared to the year before.

According to the Center for Responsive Politics, Pfizer spent $21.9 million on
lobbying last year, compared with $12.2 million in 2008. Pfizer's lobbying bill
placed it sixth on the list of Top 10 lobbyists for 2009; the year before, it
didn't even reach the Top 20.

A filing with the Clerk of the U.S. House of Representatives showed Pfizer spent
$5.6 million on lobbying in the fourth quarter of last year, compared with $3.25
million in the same period of 2008. Its fourth-quarter lobbying was a $170,000
increase from the previous reporting period.

According to the quarterly lobbying report, Pfizer's legislative efforts focused
on bills that would improve the company's bottom line, such as the Family
Smoking and Prevention and Tobacco Control Act in which the company sought to
include under Veterans Administration drug coverage such treatments as its own
smoking-cessation pill Chantix. In the historic national health care reform
passed Sunday, the company's lobbying paid dividends as a provision to delay
generic-drug competition for biologic medicines for 12 years passed as part of
the bill.

Pfizer's merger with Wyeth, finalized in October 2009, brought a broad range of
biologic drugs into its pipeline.

Pfizer's lobbying is apart from the amount spent by other drug companies and the
Pharmaceutical Researchers & Manufacturers of America (PhRMA), a drug-industry
group that by itself spent $26.2 million backing measures favorable to
pharmaceutical firms. Jeffrey B. Kindler, Pfizer's chairman and chief executive,
is the president of PhRMA this year.

In addition to lobbying Congress, Pfizer made pitches on various regulatory
measures to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the White House, the U.S.
departments of Health & Human Services, Defense, VA, Treasury, State, and the
Patent & Trademark Office.

Total lobbying costs for all industries reported last year hit a record $3.47
billion, an increase of more than 5 percent from the year before and more than
double what it cost just eight years previously.

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100324-NL-Pfizer-opened-its-wallet-for-lobbying-in-2009-0324

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2010 The Day


                              141 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  Long Island Business News (Long Island, NY)

                              April 4, 2003 Friday

Davidoff & Malito dips in NY lobbyist rankings

BYLINE: Rosamaria Mancini

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 622 words


Top lobbying firms experienced significant declines last year, according to a
new report issued by the New York Temporary State Commission on Lobbying.

Albany-based Davidoff & Malito, a law and lobbying firm that recently expanded
in Garden City, lost four clients and its revenues dropped to $1.9 million in
2002, from $2.3 million in 2001, a 19.8 percent decrease. The firm dropped one
place to fifth in the revenue rankings for state lobbyists.

Davidoff & Malito, which has additional offices in Manhattan, Washington, D.C.,
lobbies on behalf of clients such as the American Museum of Natural History and
WLIW 21 Public Television.

Albany-based Featherstonhaugh, Wiley & Clyne, which lobbies on behalf of Goldman
Sachs, Pepsi Cola and the Long Island Contractors Association, among others,
also slipped one place in the rankings, to fourth.

It went from having 63 clients and $2.7 million in billings in 2001 to 45
clients and $2.1 million in billings in 2002.

Elizabeth Clyne, Featherstonhaugh Wiley's managing partner, explained that her
firm's decline had to do with the departure of a colleague. "He left and took
his clients with him," said Clyne, who added that the lobbying business is still
strong.

Albany-based Coppola Ryan McHugh and Bogdan, Lasky & Kopley also saw revenues
decreases.

In spite of the shifts, the same firms that made the top 10 list in 2001 also
made the list in 2002. So there were clear winners too.

Patricia Lynch & Associates, a firm founded by a former aide to Democrat Speaker
Sheldon Silver in 2001, saw significant growth. The firm, which lobbies for
Nassau County Executive Tom Suozzi and the Long Island Power Authority, jumped
from number 10 on the list to six by increasing its revenues to $1.8 million
from $1.1 million, a 36 percent increase.

"It's the amount of time and energy you put into the business, and it's paying
off," said Patricia Lynch, president of the firm.

Clyne called Lynch a "new person" in the field and said, "It's easier to grow
from no clients up because there are fewer conflicts of interests."

Wilson, Elser, Moscowitz, Edelman & Dicker, a New York City-based firm with a
Garden City office, maintained its top spot with revenues totaling $5.1 million.
The firm, which added five new clients, lobbies for a variety of health
interests, including the Long Island Health Network and the Greater New York
Hospital Association.

"The business is increasing as more and more people are relying on lobbyists to
have their needs addressed," said Ken Shapiro, managing partner of Wilson
Elser's Albany office. "It [lobbying] remains strong."

Bolton St. Johns, an Albany-based firm, held on to its number two spot with $3.6
million in revenues.

The confusing part, critics say, is that firm rankings could significantly
change if the figures took into account procurement lobbying, lobbying that
seeks to influence the state and its agencies on the purchase of goods and
services. It currently ignores that business.

The Lobbying Commission has proposed expanding the definition of lobbying to
include procurements.

Blair Horner, legislative director for the New York Public Interest Research
Group, said his group has been pushing for the definition expansion for some
time.

"There are billions of dollars being spent. The public has the right to know who
has been hired to influence government contract decisions," Horner said.

Both State Sen. Frank Padavan, R-Bellerose, and Assemb. Alexander Grannis,
D-Manhattan, were expected to introduce legislation this week that would expand
the definition of lobbying to include procurements. No Long Island legislators
were identified as likely co-sponsors.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 8, 2007 Thursday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

Lobbying lawmakers, federal agencies wins universities goodies

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 484 words


WASHINGTON -- Nearly $1 million for a mobile science lab. More than $4.5 million
to support military families. About $24 million to improve weather forecasts in
war zones.

These are among the federal grants, known as earmarks, that Congress has
directed to universities in recent years.

Higher-education institutions spent at least $75 million in 2005 on lobbying to
win grants and influence policy, according to a USA TODAY analysis of the
lobbying database compiled by the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics.

Earmarks have increased dramatically. A Congresional Research Service study
found 15,877 earmarks worth $47.4 billion in 2005 spending bills, up from 4,126
projects costing $23.2 billion in 1994.

The most recent tally by The Chronicle of Higher Education found more than $2
billion in education grants in 2003.

Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Okla., a critic of earmarks, last year asked 113 universities
to disclose their earmarks and what they accomplished with the money.
Ninety-nine schools responded.

The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill reported receiving about $17.7
million since 2001. The UNC grants included $4.8 million for a Citizen Soldier
program that provides services to families of deployed Guardsmen and women,
along with $2.5 million for the university's planetarium.

Last year, the university spent at least $120,000 to lobby Capitol Hill and
federal agencies.

The university also has paid for more than $16,000 worth of travel for members
of Congress since 2000, according to the data collected by PoliticalMoneyLine, a
non-partisan data-tracking firm.

In November, the university picked up the tab for six congressional aides to
visit the campus and see several of the federally funded programs, including the
mobile science lab that received a $900,000 grant in fiscal year 2003. The
staffers stayed overnight and received free tickets to a UNC-North Carolina
State football game.

"You can't take Chapel Hill to Washington," said Karen Regan, the university's
interim director of federal affairs. "The university thinks it's a sound
investment of its resources for members of staff to see the impact" of grants on
the community.

Just 35 miles away from Washington, Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore
doesn't typically pay for lawmakers or their aides to visit the campus, said
Beth Felder, director of federal programs. But the university spent more than
$1.3 million on lobbying in 2005. Felder said Johns Hopkins' lobbying focuses on
big-picture issues, such as boosting overall research funding.

The university has received earmarks, including $24 million that it shared with
the University of Alaska to improve military weather forecasting.

The Democrats who took control of Congress in January have promised to clamp
down on earmarks. Democratic leaders recently announced a moratorium on earmarks
in the 2007 budget and have pledged to significantly cut earmarks in 2008.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: March 9, 2007



CORRECTION: Northern Illinois University spent $140,000 on lobbying in 2005. A
chart accompanying a story Thursday on federal lobbying listed the wrong amount.
The information was provided by the Center for Responsive Politics.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            March 27, 2003, Thursday

UFT PAYS TOP TAB IN LOBBYING

BYLINE: By JOE MAHONEY DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 415 words


ALBANY - The New York City teachers union spent the most money in the state last
year on lobbying, a state watchdog agency said yesterday.

The United Federation of Teachers racked up $2.8 million in lobbying expenses,
with more than $2 million of it funding a media campaign aimed at convincing New
Yorkers that teachers deserved "competitive salaries," union spokesman Dick
Riley said.

The union's money was well spent: City teachers got raises of 16% to 22%, though
they did agree to work 20 minutes extra a day.

Another teachers union, United Teachers, came in second, shelling out more than
$1.9 million for lobbying, according to the Temporary State Commission on
Lobbying.

In all, $92 million - up from $80.4 million in 2001 - was spent on lobbying last
year.

"Of course, money talks," observed commission director David Grandeau. "People
are finding this is a good investment." Heading toward 100M He predicted
lobbying expenditures could top $100 million this year despite the slow economy.

"I expect it to go up because the pot is shrinking," Grandeau said. "People need
to get in there and get their piece of the smaller pie."

The private firm that spent the most on lobbying last year was tobacco giant
Philip Morris, which paid $946,760 to drive its agenda in New York.

New York's City Council placed seventh on the list of high spenders, doling out
$895,754 for lobbying.

Yankees Entertainment & Sports, which battled fiercely to have its YES network
carried by Cablevision, spent $785,187, placing eighth statewide.

Lobbyists with the best connections and best access to power have been rewarded
most handsomely, the report suggests. Vaulting to big success In fact, two
johnnies-come-lately to the business - former state GOP boss Bill Powers and
Patricia Lynch, former top aide to Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver (D-Manhattan)
- had phenomenal growth in their firms because many clients hired both to
improve their access to Democratic and Republican powerbrokers.

Powers' firm, Powers Crane & Co., reported a nearly 48% increase in business,
while Lynch's firm saw a 36.4% jump. Lynch's firm, which only began operating
last year, took in $1.8 million, making it the sixth-highest-paid lobbying firm.

The firm with the biggest earnings in 2002 - Wilson, Elser, Moskowitz, Edelman &
Dicker - took in $5.1 million. Its Albany lobbyist, Kenneth Shapiro, had worked
as an adviser for three Assembly speakers.


LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                              144 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           December 4, 2003, Thursday

YANKS STRIKE OUT IN LOBBYING PROBE

BYLINE: KENNETH LOVETT Post Correspondent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 025

LENGTH: 232 words


ALBANY - State lobbying investigators concluded their probe of the Yankees
yesterday, saying they have enough evidence to prove the team violated the law
by not reporting free tickets given to public officials.

The matter was referred for a civil penalty hearing before the full Lobbying
Commission next year.

The Yankees face a fine of up to $100,000 if the commission determines the team
twice inaccurately filed lobbying forms.

Team officials were not immediately available for comment yesterday.

Previously the Yankees did not deny giving tickets to public officials, but they
said the practice was not part of a lobbying campaign, and thus the tickets did
not have to be reported as gifts on lobbying disclosure forms.

Lobbying Commission Executive Director David Grandeau said state law requires
the information be disclosed anyway.

According to information previously provided by the team to the commission, the
list of those who were offered tickets reads like a Who's Who of the political
scene. Mayor Bloomberg and several of his top aides, Police Commissioner Ray
Kelly, Council Speaker Gifford Miller and several council members all responded
to the offer of tickets, a source said.

Other names on the list included Bronx Borough President Adolfo Carrion,
Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgenthau and Transit Authority President
Lawrence Reuter, he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              145 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             August 7, 2009 Friday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Hiring process for city lobbyists remains unchanged

BYLINE: By Marcia Gelbart; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News Local; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 745 words


When Mayor Nutter walked the halls in Harrisburg last week cajoling legislators
to support a Philadelphia sales-tax increase, he did so at the side of Holly
Kinser. And also, frequently, Ernest Barefield and Joe Loeper.

The three are longtime and well-known Pennsylvania lobbyists who have counted
the city as a client for years but whose no-bid contracts were set to expire
June 30, the end of the fiscal year.

Instead, the trio, who work for separate firms, received contract extensions for
three more months, until Sept. 30, as did two other lobbying firms that
represent the city in Washington. The total tab for the extra work is $85,000.

The reason for the extensions? The Nutter administration says its priorities
have been turned on their heads somewhat as it grapples with the national
economic crisis and depleted city funds.

Consequently, although Nutter as a candidate had anticipated restructuring the
city's lobbying business with Harrisburg and Washington, little has changed.

The city still relies on the same team of hired guns in Harrisburg that it did
during the Street administration. It also continues to use two of the same
lobbying firms in Washington, although Nutter has ended contracts with three
other Washington firms also employed by former Mayor Street.

"The fact of the matter is we are in the middle of a serious financial and
budget crunch," the mayor said in an interview from Harrisburg on Wednesday,
where he had watched from the House gallery as legislators approved a
penny-per-dollar sales-tax increase and pension-code changes.

Nutter himself has made more than a few road trips to both Washington and
Harrisburg. For instance, in pursuit of the sales-tax and pension measures, he
has met personally with more than 110 state House members.

Before his election, though, Nutter had talked of possibly opening a
Philadelphia lobbying office in Washington, staffed by full-time city workers
who were professional lobbyists. This would have marked a shift from the city's
practice of hiring private firms as its advocates in pursuing federal grants or
legislation.

While other cities, including Los Angeles and New York, directly employ their
own lobbyists, the idea of doing so here has since faded away, or at least been
put on hold.

Nutter does, though, intend to make hiring for city lobbying work more
competitive by issuing requests for proposals for contracts. In theory, the
winner would be selected based on experience, quality of work, cost, and other
criteria.

The administration aimed to do that by June 30, when the state and federal
lobbying contracts all expired. However, time ran out as Nutter's top aides
officials shifted their attentions to the city's shrinking revenues, he said.

Nutter is, however, intent on issuing a request for proposals so that new
lobbying contracts in place as of Oct. 1 would come from a more open process.
"It's preferable because we want to take a look at all the qualified firms out
there," he said.

Meanwhile, checks covering the three-month extensions will be delayed, just like
other city contracts, until a state budget is in place.

For now, in Harrisburg the city continues to work with its same team, including
Kinser, executive vice president of S.R. Wojdak & Associates, which is among the
most influential lobbying groups in the state. The Wojdak firm has earned $1.3
million in city contracts since 2000, including $132,000 in last fiscal year.

Barefield, who worked in the legislative-affairs office of the Goode
administration, has close contacts with Philadelphia's 25-member delegation,
among others. He earned $42,500 from the city last year, while Loeper, a
Republican and former majority leader of the Pennsylvania Senate, was paid
$30,667.

In Washington, the city currently relies on two firms: American Continental
Group, led by David Urban, a former chief of staff to U.S. Sen. Arlen Specter
(D., Pa.), and Borski & Associates, led by former U.S. Rep. Bob Borski from
Northeast Philadelphia, who retired in 2003. Urban's firm was paid $30,667 last
year, while Borski's took in $45,000.

Nutter last year decided to end the city's ties to three other Washington firms
to save money, mayoral spokesman Doug Oliver said. Those firms - collectively
earning $294,000 in 2008, as a result of contracts signed under Street - were
Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman, Washington Linkage Group, and Whitten &
Diamond.

Contact staff writer Marcia Gelbart at 215-854-2338 or mgelbart@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            March 19, 1998, Thursday

TRUMP A HIGH ROLLER IN ALBANY'S LOBBYING

BYLINE: By JON R. SORENSEN Daily News Albany Bureau

SECTION: News; Pg.  18

LENGTH: 414 words


ALBANY Donald Trump spent $ 672,000 to kill casino gambling in New York last
year, making him the third biggest spender in a record-breaking year for state
lobbying.

The Donald even paid himself $ 1,500 for the time he spent lobbying leaders of
the Legislature in 1997.

Trump's high-cost lobbying paid off when the state Senate defeated a
constitutional amendment that would have allowed casino gambling in the
Catskills and other areas outside New York City. The casinos would have competed
with Trump's Taj Mahal casino in Atlantic City.

Trump hired five of Albany's top lobbyists, including two former aides to
Democrats in the Senate. The Democrats were a key factor in the Senate vote,
joining a number of Republican senators in defeating the bill.

Trump's spending followed only that of the Greater New York Hospital
Association, which spent $ 898,238 for lobbyists last year, and the New York
State United Teachers, which handed out $ 672,381.

In all, lobbying expenditures set a record: $ 51.4 million. There were 2,047
registered lobbyists representing 1,299 clients.

"[Lobby] spending in New York continues to be among the highest in the nation,"
said Milton Mollen, chairman of the state commission that registers lobbyists.

Mollen said the state should require lobbyists to disclose more information
about their attempts to influence policymakers.

New York City landlords, operating as the Rent Stabilization Association, were
the fourth biggest spenders, at $ 632,740. The association battled tenant groups
for months over an extension of the state's rent stabilization law.

An association representing hospitals outside New York City was fifth at $
523,504.

The City of New York's lobbying operation cost $ 494,673, the sixth largest
expenditure last year.

Unions representing state workers and state associations representing cities and
counties finished the top 10 spenders.

AT A GLANCE

PAY FOR SWAY

Spending by New York State's top 10 lobbyists:

1. Greater New York Hospital Association $ 898,238

2. New York State United Teachers $ 672,381

3. Trump Hotels and Casino $ 672,000

4. Rent Stabilization Association $ 632,740

5. Healthcare Association of N.Y. State $ 523,504

6. City of New York $ 494,673

7. Public Employees Federation $ 471,275

8. Civil Services Employees Association $ 432,375

9. New York State Conference of Mayors $ 427,557

10. New York State Association of Counties $ 407,865

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1998 Daily News, L.P.


                              147 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              June 13, 2005 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

RULES FAIL TO CURTAIL

BYLINE: By LARRY LIPMAN Palm Beach Post Washington Bureau

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 476 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Congressional rules prohibit lawmakers from accepting trips paid for by
lobbyists, but they allow trips to be paid for by companies and organizations
that lobby on their own behalf.

"In many respects, it is a distinction without a difference," said Larry Noble,
executive director of the nonprofit Center for Responsive Politics.

Congressional rules allow members to accept trips from private organizations to
learn about particular issues, but they say lobbyists or firms that lobby on
behalf of outside clients cannot pay for trips. However, lobbyists can go along
on trips paid for by their parent organizations, and they can arrange trips paid
for by their clients.

"It makes little difference to the member (of Congress) as long as the trip is
paid for and it makes little difference to the client as long as the lobbyist
can go along," Noble said.

As a result of such rules, at least a dozen trips taken by local congressmen
were sponsored by organizations that are required to file lobbying expense
reports with Congress, and all such trips are permissible.

Half a dozen trips by Rep. Mark Foley, R-Jupiter, involved organizations that
reported lobbying expenses, including the American Resort Development
Association, Recording Industry Association of America, National Association of
Realtors, Mortgage Bankers Association, American Sugar Alliance, Salem Law
Group, Allergan and Clark Consulting Co.

Clark Consulting, which has a lobbying division, Clark Consulting Federal Policy
Group, also sponsored a trip by Rep. E. Clay Shaw Jr., R-Fort Lauderdale. Other
organizations that sponsored Shaw trips and filed lobbying reports include the
Chicago Mercantile Exchange and Consumer Electronics Association.

Rep. Robert Wexler, D-Delray Beach, took a trip sponsored by the American Jewish
Committee, which employs two staff lobbyists, according to Wexler's office.

Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Fla., took a trip sponsored by CSX Corp., which has spent
more than $12 million lobbying Congress from 2000 until this year, according to
PoliticalMoneyLine.

Gary Ruskin, director of the Congressional Accountability Project, a watchdog
organization based in Portland, Maine, said too many private trips are paid for
by groups that may have a specific interest in legislation. His group says the
government should pay for all congressional travel for research.

"What happens is that the organizations - usually special interests - get to
make their case in a lavish fashion and in a lavish backdrop, and the poor
interests can't afford that," Ruskin said.

Beyond that, Ruskin argues that for members of Congress who are paid $162,100 a
year, "some trips are so lavish . . . it gives them a high-flying lifestyle and
makes it easy for them to forget the ordinary people."

larryl@coxnews.com

Politics forum

Share comments, opinions on government travel, other issues.

PalmBeachPost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Ran all editions.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                              148 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Crain's Cleveland Business

                           February 10, 2003, Monday

Lobbying group plan latest regionally motivated move

BYLINE: DAVID BENNETT

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 584 words


Discounting high school basketball sensation LeBron James, the biggest buzz in
Northeast Ohio these days appears to come from the concept of regional
cooperation.

Cuyahoga County Commissioner Peter Lawson Jones will be adding to the buzz by
convening several public officials this Friday, Feb. 14, to discuss the
feasibility of forming a lobbying group that would deal with state and federal
lawmakers on issues such as regional economic development, Ohio's tax structure
and work force development.

Invitations to the meeting have been sent to more than 60 county commissioners
and municipal leaders from Cuyahoga, Geauga, Lake, Lorain, Medina, Portage,
Stark and Summit counties.

Mr. Jones said a new lobbying group would be able to advance regional interests
and respond more quickly to state and federal legislation that affects Northeast
Ohio. He said this week's meeting is designed in part to settle on details such
as how the group would be staffed and who would fill lobbying roles.

Mr. Jones likened the lobbying effort to the newly proposed Team NEO, a regional
initiative by business groups that is designed to attract and retain businesses
in Northeast Ohio. He said the collective knowledge and legislative contacts of
area government officials would go far in developing a strategy to advance
Northeast Ohio's economic interests in Columbus and Washington, D.C.

''I see this as the public sector equivalent'' to Team NEO, said Mr. Jones, who
last July put together the first Regional Economic Development Summit.

That event convened county and municipal officials to discuss working together
to enhance Northeast Ohio's economic prospects.

Bruce Akers, mayor of Pepper Pike and president of the Cuyahoga County Mayors
and City Managers Association, which represents the city of Cleveland and 58
suburbs, said while grass-roots lobbying activities are nothing new, a lobbying
effort with regional consensus would be a first.

''The (Greater Cleveland) Growth Association has broached such things before,
but it hasn't always been inclusive,'' Mr. Akers said. ''I think this is a heck
of a good idea.''

The immediate agenda item for the lobbying group would be the state budget
proposed by Gov. Bob Taft.

Mr. Jones and other officials wants to ensure that Northeast Ohio isn't
shortchanged in the two-year, $49 billion budget, though some proposed budget
cuts promise as much.

For example, one of Gov. Taft's recommendations calls for cutting by $30 million
the $170 million Local Government Fund, a state subsidy to Ohio cities to help
provide basic services. Other cuts in the budget that concerns Mr. Jones are
those to Medicaid, workforce development initiatives and day-care programs.

Mr. Jones, who served five years in the Ohio House of Representatives before
becoming a county commissioner, said the advantage of public leaders in the
region working in unison is something Northeast Ohio hasn't previously enjoyed.

''What we need is a regional political task force ready at the drop of a hat,''
he said.

Lorain County Commissioner Betty Blair said Friday's meeting will get public
officials in the same room to discuss the impact of budget cuts on government
operations. But getting the officials to come together on broader issues, such
the fostering a cooperative spirit with communities that are competing to
attract the same businesses, will take some work.

''It's an ambitious charge, but it all starts with communication,'' Ms. Blair
said.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2003 Crain Communications, Inc.


                              149 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           August 23, 2000, Wednesday

TRUMP ANTI-CASINO ADS RULED LOBBYING

BYLINE: Kenneth Lovett Post Correspondent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 024

LENGTH: 318 words


ALBANY - A state lobbying commission's ruling could force Donald Trump to admit
he paid for ads run by an obscure upstate anti-gambling group, sources told The
Post yesterday.

In a unanimous written opinion, the commission found that the ads opposing a
proposed Indian-run casino in the Catskills were a form of lobbying that went
unreported.

State law requires the reporting of any lobbying activities that cost more than
$2,000.

The Post reported last month that Trump, concerned that the casino would cut
into his own interests in Atlantic City, funneled thousands of dollars to the
New York Institute for Law and Society to pay for the ads.

A Trump insider said an amended report will "likely" be filed with the state
showing just how much was spent on the ads.

The insider said Trump, who reported spending more than $300,000 to lobby the
Legislature between January and June, did not report the cost of the ads because
he did not believe they constituted lobbying activities.

Trump lawyer Edward Wallace said he is studying the commission's advisory
opinion.

Trump could face a civil penalty of as much as $25,000 if he is found guilty of
violating the state's lobbying laws.

The Institute for Law and Society sponsored statewide newspaper, television and
radio commercials this year opposing Indian gaming operations, which it linked
to violence and organized crime.

The ads asked people to urge the governor to kill a proposal by the St. Regis
Mohawks of northern New York to open a casino at Monticello Raceway in the
Catskills.

The lobbying commission has been investigating Trump, boxing promoter Don King
and Arthur Goldberg, head of Park Place Entertainment, the nation's largest
gaming company, for possible illegal personal lobbying of the Legislature on a
bill that would give the Legislature a say on Indian gaming proposals.


LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DONALD TRUMP Will he 'fess up?

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              150 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 16, 1994, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Philip Morris Tops List of Lobbying Spenders in New York

BYLINE: By IAN FISHER,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B;  Page 2;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 684 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 15


Philip Morris, fighting off a number of stringent anti-smoking measures, was
last year's biggest spender on efforts to lobby members of the New York State
Legislature, followed by a state teachers' group and New York City, according to
a report released today.

In all, 1,142 organizations, from private corporations to public authorities,
paid a record $38.5 million last year for lobbying efforts to influence state
legislation, an 11 percent increase over 1992, the annual report from the New
York Temporary State Commission on Lobbying said.

It was the 14th consecutive year of increased spending on lobbyists, who try to
sway legislators in private meetings, mailings, dinners and receptions on behalf
of clients. Groups spent a total of $22.1 million five years ago and only $5.7
million in 1978.

Philip Morris, which was not even among the top ten spenders in 1992, nearly
tripled what it paid for lobbyists last year to a total of $623,637. The company
hired seven private and two in-house lobbyists as the Legislature considered an
increase in the cigarette excise tax and sweeping restrictions on smoking and
tobacco advertising.

Assemblyman Alexander B. Grannis, Democrat of Manhattan and the Legislature's
chief sponsor of anti-smoking legislation, said the company's effort had mixed
results. He said it was influential in reducing a proposed increase in the
excise tax, which is now 56 cents a pack, and helped knock off two contentious
measures in an anti-smoking bill.

But he said that the bill, which now would impose restrictions on smoking in
schools, passed the Assembly last Monday and that the state in general is
considered to have some of the nation's toughest laws against smoking.

"This is a very sophisticated industry, probably with more on the line than any
other industry we deal with," Mr. Grannis said. "They are clearly battling
against all reasonable odds. But their profits are so great that they justify
the expenditures of these large sums of money."

Karen Daragon, a spokeswoman for Philip Morris, said the lobbying efforts were
to insure that the company's voice was heard in Albany.

"We've been doing what we have always been doing, which is supporting issues
which are important to our 11,000 employees and numerous consumers throughout
the state," she said. "Certainly every other major business in the state is
doing the same thing."

Familiar Faces

Aside from Philip Morris, the list of top 10 spenders on lobbyists was virtually
the same as last year. The second-highest spender was the New York State United
Teachers, which spent $586,352 last year and was at the top of the list for
1992. The City of New York, which runs its own lobbying office in Albany, kept
its spot as the third-highest spender, at $457,410.

The vast majority of the money spent on lobbyists represented the salaries of
the state's 1,832 registered lobbyists and the cost of courting legislators in
receptions, so-called "lobbying days," in the Capitol and at dinners and
lunches.

Milton Mollen, the lobbying commission's chairman and a former New York City
Deputy Mayor, said the amount of lobbying money in the report represented only
about half of the total actually spent on lobbyists. Now lobbyists are only
required to report efforts to influence pending legislation and rate-setting.

Not included, Mr. Mollen said, are lobbyists' efforts to encourage a legislator
to introduce a bill -- or to prevent its introduction -- or when an organization
seeks a state contract. The commission is seeking seven changes to expand the
definition of lobbying and to increase the commission's reach. Four of the
proposals are included in Gov. Mario M. Cuomo's package of proposed bills this
year.

Besides their lobbying efforts, of course, many interest groups also spend
thousands of dollars for campaign contributions to legislators.

Though Mr. Mollen speculated that the recession has in part driven the rise in
reliance on lobbyists, Robert Malito, a lobbyist with Davidoff & Malito, said
the issue is the increasing complexity of governmental regulations.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              151 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           January 10, 2007 Wednesday

Lobbying in Oklahoma dates back to pre-statehood

BYLINE: Jeff Packham

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 544  words


From defining the flash point of kerosene to changing the location of the
state's capital to passing right to work legislation, lobbying has been around
since before statehood. The state's history of involvement with lobbyists may
actually date back to the pre-Civil War times when the Choctaw Nation hired
lobbyists to send to the nation's capitol. According to Oklahoma State
University political science professor Dr.

Bob Darcy, business interests also lobbied Washington, D.C., in an effort to
conduct business in the part of the U.S. that later became Oklahoma. Darcy said
a significant level of lobbying took place as Oklahoma was forming into a
territory in the late 1800s. He said the effort in Washington to promote the
election of Edward McCabe as the territorial governor was heavy in 1889. "The
lobbying was intense," Darcy said of the unsuccessful push for McCabe. At the
Constitutional Convention in 1906, lobbyists far outweighed the number of
delegates in Guthrie. Darcy said the initial lobbying focused on issues such as
alcohol, civil rights, and women's rights to vote. An accepted segment of
Oklahoma's legislative process today, lobbying was so effective that the state
constitution actually showed the influence of an unusual group of people. Darcy
said he is still unsure as to the reasoning behind a constitutional provision
that defines the flash point of kerosene incorrectly. Darcy said that the flash
point of kerosene in the constitution was defined as 115 degrees Fahrenheit
despite not falling within the accepted industry range during that time. He said
it was clear that someone had done an effective job of lobbying on behalf of
some interest. "The only reason ... is because they wanted to define it
incorrectly," Darcy said. "Somebody benefited and somebody lost. I'm at a loss
to figure out what was going on kerosene-wise. " Another provision in the
constitution banned foreigners from owning land in Oklahoma. Darcy said this was
likely inserted as the result of a high level of lobbying. The issue of where to
house the capital of Oklahoma was also the result of significant lobbying
efforts. The City of Guthrie was able to lobby Washington effectively to gain
the capitol for the first four years of statehood, but Oklahoma City lobbyists
managed to convince Gov. Charles Haskell to send the issue to a vote of the
people in 1910. The result was an overwhelming vote in favor of Oklahoma City as
the capital, the location since that time. Although registration of lobbyists
didn't fall to the Oklahoma Ethics Commission until 1991, lobbyists were still
required to register dating back to one of the earliest laws in Oklahoma through
the Oklahoma Corporation Commission. Darcy said lobbying is a basic necessity of
the political process, but said government's job is to ensure a balance between
the lobbying efforts. He said registration and reporting of gifts are both
significant aspects of the lobbyist/public official relationship, but that the
system works well when the balancing act is in place. Some may view today's
lobbyist as something that is a new profession, but only the number of lobbyists
have increased. The efforts and goals of lobbyists haven't changed much in the
past 100 years or longer for Oklahoma.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            August 2, 2006 Wednesday

Bottom line

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 451 words


* AGRICULTURE. Biosys Corp. has hired Tew Cardenas to build support for the
company's treatment for citrus canker disease, which can cause fruit to drop off
the plant before maturity.

* ART. The Phillips Collection, a modern-art museum based in Washington, has
hired PodestaMattoon to lobby on "appropriations and education issues." Jen
Siciliano, a former communications director to the Senate Appropriations
Committee, is one of five lobbyists at Podesta working on behalf of the museum.

* DEFENSE. American Defense International, a lobbying firm that specializes in
defense issues, is helping Comcast, the cable giant, set up "meetings with
officials regarding cable issues on military bases," according to the Senate
lobbying registration. The lobbying team includes John Barth, a former personal
liaison to the Navy secretary for the House and Senate appropriations
committees, and Michael Khatchadurian, a former public-affairs official for the
Joint Chiefs of Staff.

* HEALTHCARE. Pacific Northwest Research Institute, which conducts diabetes
research, has hired Apco Worldwide to lobby on appropriations for diabetes
research and funding. Jake Johnston of Apco is lobbying for the institute.

Baxter Healthcare Corp., a medical-products and -services company, has hired
Cavarocchi Ruscio Dennis Associates to lobby on issues relating to vaccines and
pandemic preparedness, medical errors and prevention, and kidney research and
education. The lobbyists include Donald Dearmon, a former legislative director
to Rep. Lucille Roybal-Allard (D-Calif.), and Domenic Ruscio, a former deputy
assistant secretary for management and budget at the old U.S. Department of
Health, Education and Welfare.

GE Healthcare has hired Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld's Ladd Wiley to lobby on
"issues related to medical imaging and health information technology." Wiley
previously worked as counselor to then-Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy
Thompson.

* LEGAL. The Coalition for Breathing Safety, made up of respiratory-product
makers, has hired the Alpine Group to lobby on "liability issues related to
silicosis," according to the Senate lobbying registration. Alpine's Ansley
Davis, a former aide to Rep. Nathan Deal (R-Ga.), is one of three lobbyists
working on behalf of the coalition.

* PROFESSIONAL SPORTS. The New York Yankees Partnership has hired Akin Gump to
lobby in support of "federal approvals necessary to complete stadium
relocation," according to the lobbying registration. The lobbying team includes
former Rep. Bill Paxon (R-N.Y.) and Michael Rossetti, who was the counselor to
the interior secretary before joining the firm. Previously, Rossetti worked in
the office of New York Gov. George Pataki.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            August 2, 2006 Wednesday

Bottom line

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 451 words


* AGRICULTURE. Biosys Corp. has hired Tew Cardenas to build support for the
company's treatment for citrus canker disease, which can cause fruit to drop off
the plant before maturity.

* ART. The Phillips Collection, a modern-art museum based in Washington, has
hired PodestaMattoon to lobby on "appropriations and education issues." Jen
Siciliano, a former communications director to the Senate Appropriations
Committee, is one of five lobbyists at Podesta working on behalf of the museum.

* DEFENSE. American Defense International, a lobbying firm that specializes in
defense issues, is helping Comcast, the cable giant, set up "meetings with
officials regarding cable issues on military bases," according to the Senate
lobbying registration. The lobbying team includes John Barth, a former personal
liaison to the Navy secretary for the House and Senate appropriations
committees, and Michael Khatchadurian, a former public-affairs official for the
Joint Chiefs of Staff.

* HEALTHCARE. Pacific Northwest Research Institute, which conducts diabetes
research, has hired Apco Worldwide to lobby on appropriations for diabetes
research and funding. Jake Johnston of Apco is lobbying for the institute.

Baxter Healthcare Corp., a medical-products and -services company, has hired
Cavarocchi Ruscio Dennis Associates to lobby on issues relating to vaccines and
pandemic preparedness, medical errors and prevention, and kidney research and
education. The lobbyists include Donald Dearmon, a former legislative director
to Rep. Lucille Roybal-Allard (D-Calif.), and Domenic Ruscio, a former deputy
assistant secretary for management and budget at the old U.S. Department of
Health, Education and Welfare.

GE Healthcare has hired Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld's Ladd Wiley to lobby on
"issues related to medical imaging and health information technology." Wiley
previously worked as counselor to then-Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy
Thompson.

* LEGAL. The Coalition for Breathing Safety, made up of respiratory-product
makers, has hired the Alpine Group to lobby on "liability issues related to
silicosis," according to the Senate lobbying registration. Alpine's Ansley
Davis, a former aide to Rep. Nathan Deal (R-Ga.), is one of three lobbyists
working on behalf of the coalition.

* PROFESSIONAL SPORTS. The New York Yankees Partnership has hired Akin Gump to
lobby in support of "federal approvals necessary to complete stadium
relocation," according to the lobbying registration. The lobbying team includes
former Rep. Bill Paxon (R-N.Y.) and Michael Rossetti, who was the counselor to
the interior secretary before joining the firm. Previously, Rossetti worked in
the office of New York Gov. George Pataki.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Business Briefs: Google's lobbying cost triples

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 466 words


SAN FRANCISCO
Google's lobbying cost triples

Google's U.S. lobbying bill more than tripled to $3.76 million in the fourth
quarter as the Internet search leader fought proposed changes to online piracy
laws and sought to influence a wide range of other issues that could affect its
fortunes.

The amount that Google Inc. spent making its political points from October
through December is by far the company's highest lobbying tab for any
three-month period since Google's Washington office opened in 2005. The total
compared with a lobbying budget of $1.24 million during the final three months
of 2010 and $2.38 million in the third quarter of 2011.

MONTEREY
Chamber to install officers, directors

The Monterey Peninsula Chamber of Commerce will hold its Annual Membership
Luncheon at 11:30 a.m. Friday at the Hyatt Regency Monterey, 1 Old Golf Course
Road, Monterey.

New 2012 board officers are Pat Tinsley-McGill, CSU Monterey Bay, chairwoman;
Mitch Matthews, Community Hospital of the Monterey Peninsula, vice chairman of
education; Joy Anderson, Mariposa Inn & Suites, immediate past chairwoman; Bret
Silvestri, Otto Construction, vice chairman of membership; and J. Alan Fagan,
Death & Taxes, vice chairman of government affairs. New board members include
Shawn Adams, Monterey Signs; Matt Hohman, Monterey Credit Union; Jeanette Kern,
dentist; and Barry Kilzer, Kilzer Wealth Management.

MONTEREY
Introductory meeting for chamber trips

A meeting about the Monterey Peninsula Chamber of Commerce's trips to Peru,
South Africa and the French Riviera will be held at 3 p.m. Feb. 1 at Carmel
Mission Inn, 3665 Rio Road.

Peru is April 17-28 and costs $4,799; South Africa is Aug. 22-Sept. 4 for
$5,399; the French Riviera is Oct. 11-19 for $3,299. The chamber is working with
Collette Vacations.

More information is available at www.mpcc.com or 648-5350.

SALINAS
Lunch Local set for Diggitty's

The Salinas Valley Chamber of Commerce will hold its monthly Lunch Local at
Diggitty's, 17561 Vierra Canyon Road in the Prunetree Shopping Center in
Prunedale on at noon Feb. 16.

Attendees pay for their own lunch; no reservations are needed.

PEBBLE BEACH
Rotarians to hear about runway project

Mark Bautista, deputy general manager of Monterey Regional Airport, will speak
on "Making a Safe Airport Even Safer, Monterey Regional Airport's Runway Safety
Area Project" to the Pacific Grove Rotary Club today.

The meeting is at noon at The Inn at Spanish Bay. Lunch is $20; reservations may
be made with Jane Roland at 649-0657.

CARMEL
Ribbon cutting for Hayashi & Wayland

A ribbon cutting to mark the merger of the Cater & Stiles accounting firm into
Hayashi & Wayland Accounting & Consulting will be held today at the new offices,
26515 Carmel Rancho Blvd., Suite 100.

The event is from 4:30 to 6:30 p.m.

Staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            April 23, 2009 Thursday

San Jose council members call for criminal sanctions against rogue lobbyists

BYLINE: By John Woolfolk Mercury News

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; Communities; San Jose - Valley; News; Local

LENGTH: 613 words


As an investigation into whether a former mayor skirted San Jose's lobbying laws
nears completion, two City Council members Thursday proposed that future
violators face criminal penalties rather than mere administrative fines.

Council members Nora Campos and Kansen Chu said other major cities, including
San Francisco, Los Angeles and San Diego, already make lobbying violations a
misdemeanor offense punishable by jail time. But San Jose enforces a civil
penalty, subject to a $5,000 fine per violation.

"The current lobbyist ordinance is the weakest of any major city in the state,"
Campos said. "If we don't have penalties behind something, how do you get people
to follow it?"

The proposal not only would provide for criminal prosecution of violators but
would ban them from lobbying for two years if convicted.

If approved by the full council, the proposal would affect only future
violators. It would not increase any potential penalty former Mayor Tom McEnery
might face if he is found to have broken lobbying laws, as alleged in an
anonymous elections commission complaint filed in December.

McEnery, mayor in the 1980s, has denounced the complaint's claims that he failed
the follow the rules while courting city officials for his plan to build a
city-subsidized "urban market" on downtown property he and his partners own. The
elections commission is scheduled to review the allegations at a meeting
Thursday.

But Campos, a McEnery critic who was the council's lone vote against committing
$6 million in redevelopment aid toward the urban market project, said the
possibility he would face mere fines if found guilty of violating the lobbying
law was a key factor behind her proposal.

Had the council toughened the penalties in June 2007, when Mayor Chuck Reed   a
McEnery ally   led an overhaul of the lobbying rules to tighten some of its
restrictions, "we may not have had the situation we see now," Campos said.

Tougher penalties also might have affected the outcome of the last big case
alleging lobbying violations, in which Tony Arreola and Sean Kali-Rai, who had
served as aides to former mayor Ron Gonzales, were accused of failing to
disclose their lobbyist activities. The Elections Commission dismissed the case
on grounds that the rules were too ambiguous. Prosecutors later filed criminal
charges against them but eventually dropped the case, at least in part because
violations of the city ordinance were punishable only by civil fines.

The question of penalties for lobbying violations could potentially hit close to
home for Campos: Her husband, Neil Struthers, is a registered lobbyist with the
Santa Clara County Building Trades Council. But City Attorney Rick Doyle said
Thursday he did not believe it would pose a conflict for Campos to propose
tougher penalties.

Reed, who has been a frequent target of Campos' barbs, called her proposal "two
years too late" and said it was he who had called for the council to consider
criminal penalties when the lobbying rules were last amended. He said
prosecutors raised concerns because of the higher standard of proof in criminal
cases.

"I thought it would probably make the ordinance more difficult to enforce and
let lobbyists off the hook," said Reed, whose 2006 mayoral campaign included
cracking down on lobbyists. "Civil penalties are much easier, quicker and more
effective."

Even so, Reed said he still thinks criminal penalties are worth considering. But
he said they should be considered along with other modifications to the lobbying
law that are expected to be taken up in the fall.

"There are still loopholes to be plugged," Reed said.

Contact John Woolfolk at jwoolfolk@mercurynews.com or (408) 975-9346.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 31, 2000, Friday, Late Edition - Final

State Lobbying by Special-Interest Groups Rises 31%, Setting Record

BYLINE: By WINNIE HU

SECTION: Section B; Page 8; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 519 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 30


Led by a $10.1 million campaign by hospitals and health workers,
special-interest groups set a record last year by plowing at least $71.9 million
into their efforts to influence state legislation, according to a report
released today by the state lobbying commission.

Lobbyists and their clients spent 31 percent more in 1999 than in the year
before -- the largest jump since the commission started keeping records in 1978
-- and set the stage for the future with costly television and radio
advertisements and sophisticated marketing strategies to reach legislators by
appealing to their constituents.

"Lobbying continues to be a growth industry here in New York," said David M.
Grandeau, executive director of the New York Temporary State Commission on
Lobbying.

Hospitals and their workers' unions waged a fierce campaign to ensure that the
Legislature and Gov. George E. Pataki not only renewed state subsidies for the
health care system, but also raised the cigarette tax by 55 cents per pack to
pay for a new plan to provide medical coverage for as many as one million
uninsured New Yorkers.

The health care project shattered the previous record for lobbying by a single
interest group, set by New York Life Insurance Company, which spent $1.8 million
in 1998.

The protracted contract negotiations between two unions that represent
government workers -- the Civil Service Employees Association and the Public
Employees Federation -- and the Pataki administration also drove up lobbying
expenditures. The unions spent $1.7 million, more than double what they spent
the year before, in part on advertisements that sought to drum up public
support.

"Until the system changes, what we're doing is putting our members' money to
work," said Denyce Duncan Lacy, a spokeswoman for the Public Employees
Federation. "You try to get your message across to the broadest audience
possible, and that costs money."

The commission's report, which is based on disclosure forms filed by lobbyists
and their clients, does not include money spent to lobby most agencies under the
control of Governor Pataki. Last year, Mr. Pataki blocked a proposal by the
Senate majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno, that would have required the disclosure
of those activities.

Several government watchdog groups expressed concern today about the growing pot
of money spent on lobbying, and renewed their calls for changes. "The bottom
line is lobbying should be about ideas, not cash, and we've gotten so far away
from that," said Rachel Leon, executive director of the New York chapter of
Common Cause.

But lobbyists countered that money alone would not influence legislation. Steven
Weingarten, a partner in Weingarten & Reid, Albany lobbyists, said the tobacco
industry also spent more money lobbying last year, but was unable to dissuade
legislators from passing the increase in the cigarette tax. The industry was
hurt by revelations that Philip Morris had plied legislators with gifts and
underreported its lobbying expenses.

"No matter what they spent, they probably would have come out on the short end,"
he said.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              157 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            January 24, 2006 Tuesday

Why does lobbying sway many politicians?

BYLINE: ALFRED LUBRANO

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 700 words


Lobbyists in Washington flatter, grin, back-slap, stroke, praise and schmooze.

The lobbied, meanwhile, soak it all up like frat boys at happy hour.

It's a symbiotic relationship rooted in basic human needs: We are merely impulse
and protoplasm, wanting to be loved, desperate to seem important.

Much has been made of lobbyist Jack Abramoff's guilty plea in a federal
influence-peddling case, and the fallout may be felt for years. Six-term U.S.
Rep. Robert Ney, R-Ohio, temporarily stepped down from chairmanship of the House
Administration Committee after Abramoff alleged that he lavished Ney with free
travel, meals and entertainment, including a trip to Scotland, in exchange for
political favors. (Ney denies this.) And politicians from both parties are being
embarrassed by revelations of their acceptance of Abramoff-directed largesse,
including some $30,000 that Democratic Senate leader Harry Reid received from
Abramoff's Indian clients.

But let's leave the whats and hows of lobbying to the Washington press corps to
explain. Our interest here is in the whys: Why is lobbying so effective? Why
does there seem to be a basic human need to junket? And why can't the rest of us
ever get a free dinner or a goody bag once in a while?

"Both parties to the lobbying relationship feed off each other," notes Philip
Lacovara, a New York City lawyer and former lobbyist who co-wrote "The Ethics of
Lobbying." "The lobbyist enjoys access and influence, and the person being
lobbied enjoys being courted and indulged. They each derive psychic satisfaction
from that interaction." It's really that simple.

Certainly, things can get out of hand, such as in the case of Rep. Randy "Duke"
Cunningham, a California Republican who confessed to taking $2.4 million in
bribes from defense contractors in return for steering federal contracts to
their companies.

But with some 14,000 lobbyists spending almost $13 billion in the last seven
years to persuade members of Congress how to think, appropriate money and vote
-- often in what appears to be exchange for campaign funds -- it's basically
impossible to know who's cheating and who's being honest in a system that on its
face seems kind of sleazy to begin with.

"I've talked to senators who say to me, 'I don't have to do what lobbyists tell
me, but I do have to give them access,' " says Michael Maccoby, a Washington
psychologist who teaches leadership. "So the lobbyists get access to make their
case, and in return they give the senators campaign contributions." It becomes
difficult, then, to prove whether the senator is voting the lobbyist's way
because of the money and attention.

Of all the tools banging around the bottom of the grubby grab bag that many
lobbyists schlep from K Street to the congressional office buildings, flattery
may well be the most effective. Anyone who's ever worked in an office knows that
sucking up actually does go a long way with the boss.

"Everybody is susceptible to flattery," Maccoby says, "particularly people who
run for office. That is, after all, why they run. They have strong narcissistic
personalities that need to be out front and applauded." So, if you're a
lobbyist, you go up to Rep. Joe Blow, who may be red-faced, round, rough around
the edges and impossible to detect from the next fellow at the buffet table at
Bob's Big Boy back in the home state.

Still, you feed him a free steak dinner and tell him he's brilliant, ahead of
his time, and the right man to lead us into the future. What, he doesn't buy
that?

"You don't get into politics unless you enjoy going to events and being made
much of, with people coming up to you and telling you how great you are. If you
go to any of these events and dinners, you notice how people in public life
flatter each other constantly," Maccoby says. "You'd have to say that on some
deep level, many of these people being lobbied are insecure."

As for the lobbyists themselves -- well, no mild-mannered or introverted
lobbyist ever accomplished anything, Lacovara says.

"You can't help but notice that lobbyists are extroverts who get emotional
satisfaction, not just income, from engaging in glad-handing and socializing."

Lubrano is a columnist for the Philadelphia Inquirer.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 1, 1994, Thursday, Final Edition

Critic of Lobbyists Decides to Join 'Em

David Montgomery, Michael Abramowitz, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: MARYLAND WEEKLY (MONTGOMERY); PAGE M1; MARYLAND POLITICS

LENGTH: 1204 words


If you can't beat 'em, join 'em.

American Joe Miedusiewski, who pledged to reform lobbying rules if elected
governor, has joined the lobbying arm of a Baltimore law firm.

Miedusiewski, state senator from Baltimore, placed second in the Democratic
gubernatorial primary. At one campaign news conference, he criticized the
practice of lobbyists lavishing presents on legislators. He proposed that gifts
be banned -- "all the way down to a simple cup of coffee," he said at the time.

Now Miedusiewski has become managing director of a new venture, the Semmes
Public Affairs Group, an affiliate of the law firm Semmes Bowen & Semmes. As a
non-lawyer, he cannot join the firm, but he can and will anchor the affiliate,
joined by the firm's two lawyer-lobbyists.

Will he restrain himself from offering coffee or other gifts?

"We're going to play by the rules that are in place," Miedusiewski said,
chuckling.

In each of the last three years, lobbyists spent about $ 800,000 on delegates
and senators.

"It has been argued that there is nothing wrong with access to a legislator as a
result of buying him or her a meal," Miedusiewski said in the news release for
his lobbying reform plan. "However, when access is purchased, therein lies the
problem."

This week, he said that lawmakers are "astute enough to want to hear the pro and
con on the issues," regardless of whether a lobbyist is a former legislator and
is also offering to pay for lunch.

Miedusiewski will provide public relations services in addition to lobbying,
said Cleaveland D. Miller, chairman of Semmes. The firm is seeking to provide a
one-stop shop for clients seeking legal, lobbying and communications expertise,
Miller said. The firm's lobbying clients include the Snack Food Association,
Citicorp and the Maryland Association of Chain Drug Stores.

Miedusiewski is not the only retiring legislator becoming a lobbyist.

As an adjunct to his law practice, Gary R. Alexander (D-Prince George's), the
former House of Delegates president pro tem, has become a lobbyist in Annapolis.
One of his clients is Bell Atlantic.

And Baltimore Gas and Electric Co. officials said last week that R. Clayton
Mitchell, former speaker of the House of Delegates, has been hired to oversee
the utility's teams of local, state and federal lobbyists.

Mitchell will register to lobby his former colleagues only if BG&E again has a
heavy agenda of issues before lawmakers in Annapolis, said Arthur J. Slusark,
spokesman for the utility. This past session was so busy that the utility's
former chief of state lobbying registered to provide extra muscle, Slusark said.

Mitchell also will oversee BG&E's community relations and education programs,
Slusark said.

The latest additions to the tradition of lawmakers reinventing themselves as
lobbyists drew fire from Deborah Povich, executive director of Maryland Common
Cause.

"The revolving door seems to be spinning rapidly in Annapolis," Povich said.
"They have insider access that can lead to abuse of power."

"It's that insider relationship that a member of the general public, or a
lobbyist who has not been an elected official, can never have," she said.

Povich, a lobbyist herself, said Common Cause's lobbyists do not give gifts. She
said Common Cause supported Miedusiewski's lobbying reform proposal, and she
called for a two-year waiting period before a former legislator could become a
lobbyist.

"The flag she raises is unfounded," said Miedusiewski, who said he is not ruling
out another run for governor. "Just because a lobbyist was a member here [in the
legislature] doesn't mean [lawmakers] will roll over and play dead."

Sheriff's Office Hires Delegate

The decision by Del. James W. Hubbard (D-Prince George's) to accept an
administrative job with the county sheriff's office has sparked a minor furor,
with colleagues from his own legislative district criticizing the propriety of
the move.

Hubbard recently was named by Sheriff James V. Aluisi to be his assistant in
charge of administration, child support collection and several other functions.
The job pays $ 58,000 a year. Hubbard plans to take an unpaid leave of absence
for three months to attend to his duties in the General Assembly.

The move raised questions because Hubbard sponsored several bills affecting the
sheriff's office and voted to increase the salary of the sheriff and his
assistants. "The timing of it and the perception of it is a burden he'll have to
overcome," said Sen. Leo E. Green, who represents the same Bowie and Greenbelt
district as Hubbard.

Still, Green said there was little difference between Hubbard's situation and
that of other legislators who work for government agencies -- a point Hubbard
made in an interview.

"If it is a conflict for me, it is a conflict for every schoolteacher down
here," Hubbard said. He added that he recently obtained an attorney general's
opinion suggesting there were no legal or ethical problems with the situation as
long as he recused himself from future votes involving the sheriff's office.

Hubbard, who previously worked 14 years in the sheriff's office, expressed
annoyance with several of his colleagues for raising a stink about the matter,
singling out Del. Mary A. Conroy (D-Prince George's) for criticism. "Mary Conroy
is mad," he said. "I don't know why."

"I'm upset because it gives the Democratic Party a black eye," Conroy said. "It
just doesn't look right. I think this is what the people are angry about ...
[that] we're all giving our friends jobs."

Glendening Mostly Ducks Roast

The roast was for retiring Del. Timothy F. Maloney. But Governor-elect Parris N.
Glendening and his razor-thin election win were often the butt of the jokes.

About 300 political activists gathered Nov. 17 at the Loew's Hotel in Annapolis
to say farewell to Maloney, a Prince George's County Democrat leaving the House
of Delegates after 16 years. Glendening, never a close friend of Maloney's,
stopped by briefly. His lieutenant governor-to-be, Kathleen Kennedy Townsend,
however, stayed for the entire four-hour event.

Maloney excused Glendening's absence, telling the crowd: "He and Frances Anne
[Glendening's wife] are filling out more absentee ballots in the basement."

He also said that Glendening plans to return the state Democratic Party to its
Jacksonian roots. "When we're in Baltimore City, it'll be Jesse Jackson,"
Maloney quipped. "And when we're in western Maryland it'll be Stonewall
Jackson."

Lobbyist Joel Rozner told the audience that Maloney is retiring at age 38
because he suffers a rare motor-skill deficiency that renders him "unable to
utter the words, 'Yes sir, Governor Glendening.' "

But political columnist Blair Lee IV, of Silver Spring, said that Maloney is
stepping down because "he thought the Prince George's referendum on term limits
applied to the House of Delegates." The measure affects the County Council and
county executive.

Lee noted that Maloney's father, Walter, was elected to the Prince George's
County Council at the time his son was retiring from the legislature. "What do
you call Walter Maloney?" Lee mused. "A block off the old chip?"


Staff writer Charles Babington contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              159 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 6, 2003 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Prison Company Faces Fine On Gaps in Lobbying Records

BYLINE:  By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 440 words


New York's lobbying commission has determined from an initial review of a
private prison company's records that company officials failed to disclose meals
and other items used to cultivate ties to state lawmakers, officials said
yesterday. As a result, the company is expected to face a sizable fine.

The company, the Correctional Services Corporation, based in Sarasota, Fla.,
turned over documents detailing the expenses of a former vice president to the
lobbying commission yesterday afternoon. The commission's executive director,
David M. Grandeau, said he had just begun examining the records, but it was
apparent that there were numerous expenses, especially meals for lawmakers, that
had not been reported to the commission.

"There is lots of information, and it is going to take us quite a bit of time to
go through it," Mr. Grandeau said. "But it's clear from a brief perusal that
their filings in 2000 and 2001 were not accurate and need to be amended."

Correctional Services sought the aid of state lawmakers in the late 1990's when
Gov. George E. Pataki tried to cut its contracts to run halfway houses for
recently released prison inmates, and the lawmakers were able to help restore
the money.

Under the law, companies are required to disclose their lobbying expenses
regularly, but Correctional Services never told the commission about the
lobbying practices of the former vice president, Franklin Chris Jackson. The
company records show that Mr. Jackson treated several lawmakers to more than 100
meals, while also supplying them with transportation between New York City and
Albany, according to people who have seen the records.

Among those who received the favors were Assemblyman Roger L. Green of Brooklyn;
former State Senator Larry B. Seabrook of the Bronx, who is now a City
Councilman; and former Assemblywoman Gloria Davis of the Bronx, who recently
pleaded guilty to bribery in an unrelated case. In addition to transportation to
Albany, Mr. Seabrook also received a $200 plane ticket to Washington, the
records show.

The lawmakers have declined to comment on Correctional Services.

James D. Featherstonhaugh, a lawyer for Correctional Services, said it was
cooperating with the commission, and believed that the documents were responsive
to the commission's requests. Asked whether the documents were evidence that the
company had violated lobbying laws, Mr. Featherstonhaugh would not comment.

Mr. Jackson has declined to be interviewed by the commission, and it has
threatened to subpoena him. His lawyer has told the commission that Mr. Jackson
is terminally ill with cancer, and is not able to provide testimony.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              160 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            February 5, 2008 Tuesday
                                  CITY Edition

STOLI fight draws big bucks

BYLINE: JOANNE YOUNG & NANCY HICKS, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 979 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


A company lobbying against a bill that would curb the new life insurance
practice, called stranger initiated life insurance, or STOLI, has hired at least
three of Nebraska's big gun lobbying firms and is spending more than $100,000.

Coventry Insurance, whose representative opposed the anti-STOLI bill last week,
has retained the Ruth, Mueller, Robak lobbying firm, Radcliffe and   Associates
and Kissel/Erickson & Sederstrom Associates, LLC.

Coventry, the nation's largest life settlement company, will be paying each of
the firms $38,000, according to lobbying records.

A trade association that opposes LB853, Life Insurance Settlement Association,
also has hired the Cavanaugh Law Firm and lobbyist Jim Cavanaugh to work for its
interests at $100 an hour, according to lobbying records.

Why the big money in Nebraska?  Nebraska and Kansas are in the limelight as the
first states to consider limiting STOLIs with model legislation developed by the
National Association of Insurance Commissioners, said Galen Ullstrom, who
represents Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company, which supports the measure.

Under STOLI arrangements, older individuals are paid to purchase a large life
insurance policy. The soliciting company pays the premiums and after two years
becomes the beneficiary.

Traditional life insurance companies fear that life insurance could lose its
beneficial income tax treatment if life insurance becomes a commodity.

NEW LOBBYING GROUPS

Two new groups have surfaced in the past few weeks to help "educate" senators
about expressways and ethanol.

NEED - or Nebraska Expressways for Economic Development - is just being
organized, according to Walt Radcliffe, who has registered to lobby on behalf of
the group of communities who want the state to work on the four-lane expressway
system or four-lane roads that cross the state from north to south.

The mayor and the city administrator of West Point are organizing the group,
Radcliffe said.

ANEEP - or Association of Nebraska Ethanol Producers - is a group of ethanol
producers that has been organized to "promote ethanol and emphasize its
significant benefits to the Nebraska economy," according to a news release
announcing the new organization.

Charter members of ANEEP include: Advanced BioEnergy LLC, Fairmont; Abengoa
Bioenergy of Nebraska, Ravenna; Abengoa Bioenergy, York; Ag Processing Inc., of
Omaha and Hastings; Chief Ethanol LLC, Hastings; Husker Ag LLC, Plainview; NEDAK
Ethanol LLC, Atkinson; Trenton Agri-  Products LLC, Trenton; US BioEnergy-Platte
Valley LLC, Central City; and US BioEnergy-Ord, LLC. Other producers have
expressed interest in joining the association.

The group's organizer is Loran Schmit, a former senator turned lobbyist who has
worked on ethanol issues for decades.

MEDICAID FRAUD UNIT RECOVERS $3 MILLION

The Attorney General's Medicaid Fraud Control Unit recovered more than $3
million last year, according to a news release from Attorney General Jon
Bruning.

The unit investigated more than 80 cases of fraud and abuse in 2007 and also
secured 10 criminal convictions for Medicaid fraud or theft from vulnerable
adults.

Here are a few examples of Medicaid fraud and financial abuse of vulnerable
adults, relayed by Leah Bucco-White, spokeswoman for Bruning.

Medicaid fraud:

*A home health care aide billed $7,800 to Nebraska Medicaid for services she
didn't provide.

*A dentist charged Medicaid almost $20,000 for denture services that weren't
eligible for reimbursement.

*A mental health therapist billed $4,000 for services she never provided.

Financial abuse of vulnerable adults:

*A woman diverted more than $20,000 of her mother's Social Security benefits for
her own use.

*A man stole nearly $20,000 of his mother's money while he was her power of
attorney. He used her Social Security checks to pay for his own living expenses
instead of paying for his mother's care.

Who's committing Medicaid fraud? According to the fraud unit records, most cases
in 2007 involved mental health therapists, home health providers and dentists.
The unit also investigates physical or financial abuse of vulnerable adults who
live in Medicaid-funded facilities, like nursing homes.

People who think a Medicaid provider is committing fraud should contact the unit
at medicaid.fraud@nebraska.gov or call (800) 727-6432.

MOVEMENT INVITES CHAMBERS TO ITALY

Apparently, there is a cultural movement - the International Movement for
Interdisciplinary Study of Estrangement - and followers read about, and liked,
the idea of Omaha Sen. Ernie Chambers' lawsuit against God.

So much so that they have invited Chambers to Italy to a conference to hear the
presentation of a paper on the subject.

The movement was founded in 1985, "urging intellectuals to reconsider Hamlet's
prophetic message: 'There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it
so.'" Translated: "There is no party, no philosophy, no church either good or
bad, but human behavior makes it so."

In an age of estrangement, every neighbor is a potential antagonist and every
community can harm its neighbors, the movement description reads.  Conflicts
caused by divergence of sex, politics, culture, religion, etc., make us
strangers to other people and to ourselves.

The paper on Chambers, by Dr. Giovanni Trezza, quotes famous philosophers and
thinkers in favor of the senator's ideas.

"Chambers is not a foolish man as the superficial, ignorant or cunning
priests-politicians would most likely maintain," Trezza said. "He is a free
spirit who confirms what a century ago Joseph Conrad said when he wrote about
imagining the universe in the form of a merciless knitting machine."

Chambers said he'd consider going to the conference, but he's not keen on flying
or boating over large bodies of water. He'll have to think about it, he said.

Reach Nancy Hicks at 473-7250 or nhicks@journalstar.com Reach JoAnne Young at
473-7228 or jyoung@journalstar.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 21, 1981, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Congress;
LOBBYING: BUSINESS BY NUANCE, FEINT AND GAMBLE

BYLINE: By DAVID SHRIBMAN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 11, Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 896 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 19


More than a century ago, when lobbying was done in the card halls and bawdy
houses along Pennsylvania Avenue, one of the most important power brokers in
Washington was Samuel Ward.

It was Mr. Ward who best expressed one of the enduring truths of lobbying. ''The
way to a man's 'aye,' '' he said, ''is through his stomach.'' But Washington,
the Congress and the country have changed and, with them, so has the art of
lobbying.

Although some of the politics of persuasion is still done amid the crystal
goblets and lace serviettes of Washington salons, the ''levers of lust,'' as one
journalist described them in the 1870's, are no longer the only instruments of
the trade.

Today, lobbying is big business and the number of practitioners has doubled from
8,000 to 16,000 in the last eight years. Lobbyists now outnumber members of
Congress by nearly 30 to 1.

Lobbyists Seem Omnipresent

Along the corridors of the Congressional office buildings, outside the floor of
the House and Senate, in their office suites along K Street, in the high-priced
restaurants along Connecticut Avenue, lobbyists seem omnipresent. For the last
two weeks the hallways outside Rooms H130 and S207 in the Capitol, where members
of a conference committee have been laboring on the farm bill, have been choked
with them.

In Washington, a city where, perhaps like no place else, knowledge means power.
Companies and trade associations now routinely pay $5,000 a month to retain
lobbyists' services; sometimes the fees run as high as $150,000 a year. And
special legislative projects that are close to the heart of a company's
stockholders and executives can bring $500,000 or more.

''We do have to work with them,'' said Representative John J.  LaFalce, an
upstate New York Democrat and the chairman of a House small business oversight
subcommittee. ''Congressmen, almost by definition, have to be generalists, but
we also have to deal with very technical issues requiring the skills of
specialists. We often have to turn to lobbyists for information. The trick,
though, is to use lobbyists rather than have the lobbyists use you - and to get
the perspective of lobbyists who differ with each other.''

Representative Henry A. Waxman, a California Democrat who heads a health and
environment subcommittee, added: ''Lobbyists help us see the full impact of
legislation we might adopt. But I'm very sensitive to the fact that they often
think their self-interest and the public interest are the same thing.''

Science Is Not Precise

The work of making friends and influencing people is an art, not a precise
science. It consists, in part, in knowing when to come on strong, and when not
to. It is knowing when to put in a friendly word with a Congressional staffer
and when to go straight to the Senator or Representative. It is knowing that to
attend, or even run, a number of political fund raisers is to insure a better
reception on the next lobbying effort. And it is knowing as Mike Murray knows,
that an annual Christmas party for Congressional staff members is a good
investment.

Mr. Murray, 41 years old, is, as he puts it, a ''gun for hire,'' and his clients
include Federated Department Stores and the LTV Corporation. ''I'm hired to keep
these people posted,'' said Mr.  Murray.

But his job goes well beyond briefing corporate executives on how House and
Senate leaders lean on tax matters. He also has to win over those leaders, and
others, to his clients' sides in legislative markup sessions and in floor votes.


Hope to Be Convincing

Lobbying in the 1980's is a matter of shifts, nuances, feints, gambles and
frustrations. ''You have to talk, to negotiate, and hope you're convincing
enough to have them see your viewpoint,'' said C.  Robert Morris, a lobbyist for
the National Association of Water Companies.

Often the most effective lobbyists are former members of Congress, and dozens of
them now represent companies and trade groups. Former Representatives Richard H.
Ichord, Democrat of Missouri, and Bob Wilson, Republican of California, for
example, established a concern called Washington Industrial Team this year and
have signed on a number of large defense contractors as clients.

With the coming of a new generation in Congress and with the passing of many of
its folkways, Congress has become a more elusive target for the pleas of
lobbyists.

''Before the '70s, you had to know 20 people, and the key was who you knew and
how well you got along with a few people,'' said Tommy Boggs, the lobbyist who
is helping Marathon Oil Company resist a takeover bid by the Mobil Corporation.
''Now it's totally changed.  You have an undisciplined House and Senate. Rarely
do one or two people influence more than a handful of members.''

Most lobbyists play for more modest stakes, however. John H.  Montgomery, a
lawyer and former director of the Oklahoma Office of Community Affairs and
Planning, lobbies here for Oklahoma City. ''I work the fringes,'' said Mr.
Montgomery, ''and in any major appropriations bill the fringes can be pretty big
for Oklahoma City.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Tommy Boggs photo of John H. Montgomery

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              162 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            March 6, 2013 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Canada intensifies lobbying campaign; Speaking up to save Keystone

BYLINE: William Marsden, Postmedia News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 652 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Canadian governments have launched an intense if not desperate lobbying campaign
in the United States designed to persuade influential American politicians and
industrial leaders that the Keystone XL pipeline is vital for U.S. security and
economic interests and is also an environmentally responsible energy source.

The goal is to counter the rising influence of environmental groups such as the
Sierra Club and 350.org.

Their leaders have lobbied vigorously to try to kill the 1,800-kilometre
pipeline that will transport oilsands bitumen from Alberta and shale oil from
Montana and North Dakota to Texas refineries.

Joe Oliver, Canada's natural resources minister, was in Chicago Tuesday and will
be in Houston Wednesday, where he will speak to the IHS Cambridge Energy
Research Associates' annual conference.

In a conference call with reporters, Oliver said he also hopes to meet with U.S.
President Barack Obama's choice for energy minister, Ernest Moniz, after his
confirmation.

Oliver dismissed the possibility that Canadian lobbying could become counter
productive, and claimed that Canada has to "put the facts out."

He said lobbying is a "natural" part of the process and acknowledged Canada has
to argue the environmental aspects of the oilsands.

Obama will make the final decision on Keystone, which is not expected before the
summer. By law he must base it on the broadly flexible idea of U.S. national
interests.

Another Canadian leader expected in the U.S. this week is Saskatchewan Premier
Brad Wall. He is visiting Washington to meet with more than a dozen senators and
representatives from both parties, plus State Department officials, Wall's aide
Christy Cox said. The visits follow trips to Washington last month by Alberta
Premier Alison Redford and Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird.

Oliver's first stop in his U.S. tour was Chicago, which is in Obama's home state
and a Democrat power base. In a speech to the Chicago Council on Global Affairs,
he outlined the economic advantages and environmental record of the oilsands.

"The development of new oilsands projects will generate more jobs in Illinois
than any other state," he said, adding that "570,000 person-years of employment
will be created over the next 25 years in Illinois."

Oliver later met with Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Obama's former chief of staff
and a close political ally. Oliver denied that he met Emanuel because he is a
direct link to Obama. He said he wanted to meet with the mayor of the state's
most important city because Illinois has more to gain from Keystone and the
expansion of the oilsands than any other state.

He said he wanted to convey to Emanuel that Canadian oil is not only a big job
creator for the state, but also "environmentally responsible."

In his speech to the Council on Global Affairs, he said he wanted to correct the
"false information about the oilsands" spread by opponents of oilsands
expansion. He said the oil-sands have attracted about $160 billion in investment
because they are a "free enterprise" opportunity in a world where 80 per cent of
oil reserves are state-controlled.

He added that when it comes to greenhouse gas emissions, the oil-sands crude
travelling through Keystone XL would represent "less than one two-thousandths of
global emissions."

Keystone crude, he said, would simply replace heavy oil coming from Venezuela
and Mexico.

"It would therefore have no discernible impact on global greenhouse gas
emissions."

Oliver told reporters after the speech that Canada is targeting the oilsands
with new GHG regulations but he said it was up to Canada's environment minister
Peter Kent to make the announcement on when these new regulations would come
into effect or what they would be.

Finally, he chastised environmental groups and "movie stars" for turning the
Keystone into a "symbolic issue in their larger battle against the development
of hydrocarbons and specifically the oilsands."

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             April 24, 2009 Friday

San Jose council members call for criminal sanctions against rogue lobbyists

BYLINE: By John Woolfolk Mercury News

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; Communities; San Jose - Valley; News; Local

LENGTH: 626 words


As an investigation into whether a former mayor skirted San Jose's lobbying laws
nears completion, two City Council members this week proposed that future
violators face criminal penalties rather than mere administrative fines.

Council members Nora Campos and Kansen Chu said other major cities, including
San Francisco, Los Angeles and San Diego, already make lobbying violations a
misdemeanor offense punishable by jail time. But San Jose enforces a civil
penalty, subject to a $5,000 fine per violation.

"The current lobbyist ordinance is the weakest of any major city in the state,"
Campos said. "If we don't have penalties behind something, how do you get people
to follow it?"

The proposal unveiled Thursday not only would provide for criminal prosecution
of violators but would ban them from lobbying for two years if convicted.

If approved by the full council, the proposal would affect only future
violators. It would not increase any potential penalty former Mayor Tom McEnery
might face if he is found to have broken lobbying laws, as alleged in an
anonymous elections commission complaint filed in December.

McEnery, mayor in the 1980s, has denounced the complaint's claims that he failed
to follow the rules while courting city officials for his plan to build a
city-subsidized "urban market" on downtown property he and his partners own. The
elections commission is scheduled to review the allegations at a meeting
Thursday.

But Campos, a McEnery critic who was the council's lone vote against committing
$6 million in redevelopment aid toward the urban market project, said the
possibility he would face mere fines if found guilty of violating the lobbying
law was a key factor behind her proposal.

Had the council toughened the penalties in June 2007, when Mayor Chuck Reed   a
McEnery ally   led an overhaul of the lobbying rules to tighten some of its
restrictions, "we may not have had the situation we see now," Campos said.

Tougher penalties also might have affected the outcome of the last big case
alleging lobbying violations, in which Tony Arreola and Sean Kali-Rai, who had
served as aides to former Mayor Ron Gonzales, were accused of failing to
disclose their lobbyist activities. The Elections Commission dismissed the case
on grounds that the rules were too ambiguous. Prosecutors later filed criminal
charges against them but eventually dropped the case, at least in part because
violations of the city ordinance were punishable only by civil fines.

The question of penalties for lobbying violations could potentially hit close to
home for Campos: Her husband, Neil Struthers, is a registered lobbyist with the
Santa Clara County Building Trades Council. But City Attorney Rick Doyle said
Thursday he did not believe it would pose a conflict for Campos to propose
tougher penalties.

Reed, who has been a frequent target of Campos' barbs, called her proposal "two
years too late" and said it was he who had called for the council to consider
criminal penalties when the lobbying rules were last amended. He said
prosecutors raised concerns because of the higher standard of proof in criminal
cases.

"I thought it would probably make the ordinance more difficult to enforce and
let lobbyists off the hook," said Reed, whose 2006 mayoral campaign included
cracking down on lobbyists. "Civil penalties are much easier, quicker and more
effective."

Even so, Reed said he still thinks criminal penalties are worth considering. But
he said they should be considered along with other modifications to the lobbying
law that are expected to be taken up in the fall.

"There are still loopholes to be plugged," Reed said.

Contact John Woolfolk at jwoolfolk@mercurynews.com or 408-975-9346.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                              May 23, 2006 Tuesday

Bottom line

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 364 words


* AGRICULTURE. Serco Group has hired McKenna Long & Aldridge to lobby the U.S.
Forestry Service at the Department of Agriculture. Randall Nuckolls, a former
legislative director for ex-Sen. Sam Nunn (D-Ga.), and Steve Sorett, a former
assistant general counsel at the Environmental Protection Agency, are lobbying
on behalf of Serco.

* CONTRACTING. Nika Technologies has hired Buchanan Ingersoll to lobby the
federal government for possible "business opportunities," according to the
lobbying registration.

* DEFENSE. C2 Associates, a defense contracting company, has hired Madison
Government Affairs to lobby on its behalf, according to lobbying records.

* HEALTHCARE. Kaweah Delta Hospital Foundation, based in California, has hired
Copeland Lowery Jacquez Denton & White to lobby on issues related to "electronic
medical record keeping, neonatal care, healthcare budget issues and
appropriations for neonatal care," according to the lobbying registration.

The Alliance for Microbicide Development has hired Gustafson Associates to lobby
on "funding and policy relating to development of microbicides for HIV/AIDS
prevention," according to the lobbying registration.

* MINING. Miami Dave Limestone Products Association has hired Dawson &
Associates to lobby on its behalf. The firm is lobbying on environmental
permitting issues, according to the registration.

* PHARMACEUTICALS. Sanofi Pasteur, a vaccine producer, has hired DLA Piper
Rudnick Gray Cary to lobby on issues related to "pandemic influenza, bio-defense
and other vaccine-related issues," according to the lobbying registration.

Drugstore.com has hired GolinHarris to lobby on healthcare issues.

F. Hoffmann-La Roche, a pharmaceutical company, has hired Jeffrey J. Kimbell &
Associates to lobby on "reimbursement and general healthcare issues," according
to the lobbying registration filed with the Senate.

* TAXES. Akerman Senterfitt has been hired by the American Alliance for Tax
Equity to lobby on "economic development in Puerto Rico and Florida, regulation
of real-estate developments, the death tax and tort reform," according to
lobbying records. Jose Fuentes, former attorney general of Puerto Rico, is
managing the account.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           November 22, 2011 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

BANKS INCREASE LOBBYING SPENDING;
BOOST BY WELLS FARGO LEADS INDUSTRY

BYLINE: Andrew Dunn McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 445 words

DATELINE: CHARLOTTE, N.C.


The money banks spend on lobbying is on pace to reach a record high again this
year as the industry battles to weaken or repeal hundreds of rules being crafted
by federal regulators.

Lobbying outlays by the five biggest spenders in the commercial banking sector
increased 12 percent in the first three quarters of 2011 over the same period
last year, a Charlotte Observer analysis of federal lobbying disclosure records
shows.

Wells Fargo & Co., in particular, is turning into a major player in Washington.
The San Francisco-based bank's spending on lobbying is up 80 percent in the
first three quarters of the year.

"If these firms and these organizations keep spending money at the rate they've
been spending it, they will shoot through the ceiling again this year," said
Michael Beckel, a spokesman for the research group Center for Responsive
Politics, which tracks federal lobbying.

At this time last year, the commercial banking industry had spent about $42
million on lobbying, the center's data show. So far this year, the figure stands
at nearly $47 million.

Should the pace continue, 2011 will be the sixth straight year that commercial
bank lobbying has set a record, according to the center.

A Wells Fargo spokeswoman said that while the bank is transparent with the
figures it must disclose, it doesn't comment on lobbying strategy or philosophy.

What's driving banks' increased spending is a growing array of new federal
regulations, mostly stemming from the Dodd-Frank financial reform law. Since it
passed last year, federal agencies have been scrambling to write more than 300
new rules, from the cap on swipe fees merchants pay on debit transactions to the
terms of a ban on proprietary trading.

Consumer advocates decry the banking industry's influence on the legislative
process.

"Most ordinary Americans don't have lobbyists that they're sending a paycheck
to, but all of the major banks and financial institutions do," Beckel said.

One bank bucking the trend: Bank of America Corp., which has decreased its
spending on lobbying. That's partially because of a companywide cost-cutting
initiative that aims to cut $5 billion in recurring expenses in the next few
years.

After the 2008 financial crisis that thrust the country into recession, Congress
began to develop legislation to strengthen consumer protections and lessen the
systemic risk of bank failure. The result was Dodd-Frank, which President Obama
signed in July 2010.

Some Democrats have introduced bills that would cap loan interest rates and
mandate a standardized fee disclosure form.

Much of the lobbying took place in the first half of the year as the Federal
Reserve weighed the caps on swipe fees.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                              May 9, 2006 Tuesday

Bottom line

SECTION: Pg. 20

LENGTH: 363 words


* HEALTHCARE. Hogan & Hartson is lobbying for YM Biosciences, a Canadian drug
company that specializes in cancer treatments. According to the lobbying
registration, YM hired Hogan & Hartson to lobby for Hill support for help in
obtaining a "license application to the U.S. Treasury Department Office of
Foreign Assets Control for client to import a foreign-origin drug to be used in
clinical trials to treat children with inoperable brain cancers."

* HIGH-TECH. Bearing Point has hired Mita Group to lobby on issues relating to
homeland security. Mita Group is a new firm that includes William Harris,
Manning McPhillips, Jason Osbourne and Edward Stewart, a refuge from the defunct
Alexander Strategy Group. Harris had founded William D. Harris & Associates
before moving to Mita.

* IMMIGRATION. The Northern Colorado Stone Quarriers Association, based in
Loveland, Colo., has hired Stirling Strategic Services of Boulder, Colo., to
lobby Capitol Hill on H2B temporary-worker legislation.

* MISCELLANEOUS. The Hobbs Group, founded by former Bush administration lobbyist
David Hobbs, is lobbying Capitol Hill on behalf of the law firm Lankford,
Coffield & Reed. Hobbs is lobbying on a bill to provide payment for claims for
the former Iranian hostages against the Iranian government.

* MUNICIPALITIES. Bracewell & Giuliani is lobbying on behalf of the South East
Texas Regional Planning Commission. Former Rep. Jim Chapman (D-Texas) and Milam
Mabry, a former legislative assistant to Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison (R-Texas),
are lobbying on behalf the commission, which is interested in issues relating to
disaster planning and assistance, according to the lobbying registration.

* TAXES. The Please Touch Museum, an interactive children's museum in
Philadelphia, has hired McGovern & Smith to lobby for federal tax support for
after-school programs and other child educational efforts, according to the
registration filed with the Senate Office of Public Records.

* TELECOMMUNICATIONS. PodestaMattoon is lobbying on behalf of Alcatel North
America, the telecom company. The list of lobbyists working the account includes
Andrew Kauders, a former adviser to Sen. Robert Menendez (D-N.J.).

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 23, 1992, Wednesday, Final Edition

Zero-Based Lobbyists With Big Names

Gary Lee, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A17; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 566 words


Hollywood's man in Washington, Jack Valenti, prefers to play a cameo role when
it comes to lobbying.

In the last reported financial cycle for lobbying, Valenti, chief executive
officer of the Motion Picture Association of America and a registered lobbyist,
reported no expenditures even though he helped lead the fight against
legislation to reregulate the cable television industry and regularly holds
fancy parties and film screenings for legislators and reporters.

With a yearly salary exceeding $ 700,000, Valenti is the highest-paid lobbyist
in Washington.

According to the 1946 Federal Registration of Lobbying Act, lobbyists and
lobbying groups are required to file quarterly reports showing the amount of
money they spend pushing or opposing legislation.

But the law is interpreted differently by different lobbyists.

While other lobbyists shelled out large sums to wine and dine lawmakers and
others, according to recently issued congressional lobbying reports for the
second quarter of 1992, Valenti listed his expenditures as zero.

Valenti contends that few of his activities constitute lobbying. "I don't do
that much lobbying myself -- lunches or drinks or that kind of thing," he said
in an interview. "I do hire four different firms and they take care of that."

What is to some just a dinner party is to others a lobbying gala. "The law
leaves a lot of room for intepreting what is a lobbying activity and what
isn't," said a senior congressional aide. "Valenti might not consider a film
screening or another social function he holds as lobbying. Another lobbyist
might say that it is lobbying."

Valenti was not the only big-name lobbyist who reported no expenditures for the
period April 1 to July 1, 1992. Richard S. Schweiker, former Republican senator
from Pennsylvania and now president of the American Council on Life Insurance,
had a similar filing.

Schweiker, who makes more than $ 500,000 a year, reported no expenditures and
lobbying "receipts" of $ 3,950 for the quarter. The latter figure is prorated, a
spokesman said, based on the amount of time Schweiker spent lobbying and his
overall salary. "It was mostly for one meeting that was held with [Ohio Sen.
Howard M.] Metzenbaum," the spokesman added.

Valenti filed receipts of $ 4,812.50 "for a couple of telephone calls," he said.

At the same time, many other lobbyists and lobbying organizations listed
extensive expenditures and receipts, down to the penny. The National Committee
to Preserve Social Security and Medicare reported spending $ 3,029,587, for
example. The largest portion covered mailing costs, a spokesman said.

Critics blame vague language -- such as the definition of receipts for lobbying
activity -- and loopholes in the law for the apparent discrepancies in some
lobbying reports, and for the mixed views on what constitutes lobbying and just
what a lobbyist really is. "How can Valenti get away with listing no lobbying
expenses?" asked David Salz, an AFL-CIO spokesman. "If that's fair, any lobbyist
can get away with anything."

"There is no rhyme or reason to who files what expenses and how much they
report. Some are very thorough, others don't file anything. The law really
doesn't work very well," said Fred Wertheimer, president of Common Cause, which
reported spending $ 514,187.76 in the quarter. Most of that went to push
campaign finance legislation, he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, LIST

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              168 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                             June 24, 2014 Tuesday

Local lobbying costs top $8 million, but still down from 2009 levels

BYLINE: Mike Mullen

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 662  words


Lobbying expenditures by local governments throughout Minnesota topped $8
million during 2013, marking a slight uptick in spending by those entities over
2012, according to a report released by the State Auditor's office on Monday.
The $8.07 million spent is $206,000 more than the comparable accounting from
2012, an increase of about 3 percent.

The amount allotted to advocacy has declined since 2009, with lobbying by
separate local governments as well as coalitions down since that point. Lobbying
by association groups has rebounded somewhat, and showed an increase over 2012.

The majority of the total lobbying expenditures by local units came from dues
paid to associations that represent the shared interests of local governments.
About $4.2 million of association money went toward lobbying during 2013, with
the Coalition of Greater Minnesota Cities (about $836,00 in lobbying costs) and
the League of Minnesota Cities ($629,000) topping the list, followed by the
Minnesota School Boards Association ($511,404). The League of Minnesota Cities'
spending essentially stayed level from the previous year, but the Coalition of
Greater Minnesota Cities increased its outlay dramatically over 2012, when it
spent just north of $600,000.

Those two organizations were among several boosters for a legislative rewrite of
the local government aid (LGA) formula, as well as an $80 million bump in
funding for that program, both of which passed during the 2013 legislative
session.

The largest single funder of the Coalition last year was the City of Rochester,
which paid more than $111,000,  more than twice as much as the City of Duluth,
which reported $42,370 in dues. (A spending formula dictates that 75.7 percent
of Coalition members' payments are then spent on lobbying.) Rochester was among
the most recognizable victors from the 2013 session, having secured up to $585
million in state, county and local funds for the Mayo Clinic's new Destination
Medical Center, a far-reaching upgrade to city infrastructure that passed after
months of contentious debate among lawmakers.

Some $3.8 million of the overall figure was spent on the retention of lobbyists,
firms and municipal staff, an approach deployed by 84 different local government
units. The division of those expenses was split nearly evenly between the
state's cities (which make up 30 percent of the total), counties (29 percent)
and other local entities, including metropolitan agencies, which make up 32
percent of the total; school districts account for the final 10 percent.

The City of Minneapolis led all spenders in that category, with $306,953 in
outlays during the year, followed closely by Hennepin County, which spent
$244,543 on lobbying. Both the city and county had nine paid lobbyists on record
with the state during all or part of 2013. Also notable on the list of entities
that hired private representation is the Minnesota Sports Facilities Authority
(MSFA), the state-formed body tasked with overseeing progress on the new
Minnesota Vikings stadium. MSFA brought on a team of six lobbyists from the
Lockridge Grindal Nauen firm starting in January of last year, and paid a total
of $107,000 for representation throughout the year.

Most of Minneapolis' lobbying expenditures were related to salary and benefits
to city staffers, though it also paid a pair of lobbying firms a total of
$67,000. That's less than the corresponding number for Rochester, which spent a
combined $82,449 for advocacy from the Flaherty & Hood and Ronald A. Jerich and
Associates firms.

Among firms, Flaherty & Hood made out best last year, raking in a total of
nearly $895,000 from localities. Aside from its individual contracts with some
individual units of government, staff from that firm also constitute the
government relations team for the Coalition of Greater Minnesota Cities.

http://www.legal-ledger.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                             May 17, 2006 Wednesday

Like Congress, state legislatures wrestle with lobbying reforms

BYLINE: By Jim Snyder and Jeffrey Young

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1143 words


Prompted by scandals in Washington and at home, state lawmakers introduced
dozens of bills this year to limit the influence of lobbyists, who are a growing
presence in state capitals.

But some reform-minded lawmakers, like their brethren in Congress, found it
difficult to convince colleagues to back the most restrictive measures.

A particularly tough sell: bills that would lengthen the time before a
legislator can become a lobbyist.

"I'm seeing very little action, which sort of parallels what happened in
Congress," said Robert Stern, who directs the Center for Governmental Studies in
Los Angeles.

"It is always difficult to pass reforms on yourself unless there is a lot of
local pressure."

There had been a lot of action at the start of the legislative season. Nearly
200 bills relating to gift bans, "revolving door" rules and other ethics reforms
were written from Albany to Sacramento, according to the National Conference of
State Legislatures (NCSL), which tracks state legislative efforts.

"I've never seen since I've been here the number of bills addressing lobbying
that have been introduced," said Peggy Kerns, who directs the ethics center at
the NCSL.

The Jack Abramoff influence-peddling controversy in Washington "kind of shook
states up a bit," Kerns said.

Several states have toughened lobbying and ethics rules in recent months.
Missouri lawmakers, for example, just passed new campaign-finance and lobbying
rules. The measure prohibits lawmakers from traveling out of state on a
lobbyist's dime.

Missouri Senate Majority Floor Leader Charlie Shields (R) said the scandals in
Washington "created an environment" to pass the local reforms.

Lawmakers in Tennessee and Florida adopted broad reforms last year in response
to local examples of influence peddling. Gov. Jeb Bush, a Republican, is
expected to sign a second major ethics bill in weeks. It includes a strengthened
gift ban and new limits on the practice known as the revolving door, or how soon
lawmakers can become lobbyists after they leave office.

But as often as not, lawmakers in states without local scandals found that the
examples of Abramoff and ex-Rep. Randy "Duke" Cunningham (R-Calif.) hadn't
created a groundswell of support for ethics reforms.

Worried that "state legislatures get tarred with the same brush" being used to
paint Congress as corrupt, Minnesota state Sen. Linda Higgins, a Democrat,
co-wrote an ethics bill that would have prevented ex-members from lobbying
former colleagues for two years and have imposed new financial disclosure
requirements for lawmakers.

But reaction was mixed, particularly to the revolving-door effort. "A few
colleagues have said, 'Well, what do you think I'm going to do when I leave
here?'" she said.

The bill passed a Senate committee but is not expected to get through the full
Legislature.

Utah state Rep. Carol Moss (D) resented seeing a former member who had resigned
his seat following accusations of spousal abuse back on state Capitol grounds as
a lobbyist.

"That just irritated me to no end," she said. "He was up here schmoozing all
these lawmakers." But her revolving-door bill, which would have prevented
lawmakers from lobbying for one year, "never got out of the Rules Committee,"
she said.

In New Jersey, state General Assemblyman Richard Merkt, a Republican, wanted to
require lawmakers to wait for two years before lobbying. But his bill "didn't go
anywhere," he said.

About half of the states have a "cooling off" period before a lawmaker can
become a lobbyist. These bills "seem to be harder to get through a legislature,"
said Kerns, of the NCSL.

Despite that, states already often operate under stricter ethics rules than
Congress does, according to the Center for Public Integrity. For example,
independent panels enforce ethics rules in 24 states. In Congress, Senate and
House committees serve as enforcers.

The Center for Public Integrity has said that 47 states operate under tougher
laws than the federal law.

Watchdog groups in Washington had high hopes that stories of political
corruption would push lawmakers to impose tough new restrictions like
lengthening revolving-door prohibitions, outlawing privately financed travel or
establishing independent ethics review boards.

Lawmakers instead settled largely on new disclosure rules, choosing transparency
over new limits. Chellie Pingree, president of Common Cause, called a recently
passed lobbying reform bill in the House a "scam" and "a joke."

In some measure, reform efforts in Washington and in state capitals are being
driven in response to a rapid growth in the lobbying industry. The growth of K
Street is a well-known story. The Center for Public Integrity found state
lobbying spending neared the $1 billion mark in 2004.

State legislatures set sales and property taxes, finance big-buck capital
projects and fund the school systems. A bill to fund a new hospital in Minnesota
attracted 54 lobbyists, Higgins said.

Several lawmakers said that they appreciated the function lobbyists fulfill, but
that the growth in lobbying prompted them to tighten lobbying rules.

In Iowa, lobbyists can't spend more than $3 a day on a lawmaker. But
special-interest groups can still throw lavish receptions as long as all
lawmakers are invited. Recent parties have cost as much as $10,000, according to
state records.

State Sen. Herman Quirmbach, a Democrat, wanted to ban the practice, seeing a
potential advantage that well-heeled interests could have over groups less
well-off. "It's not a level playing field," he said.

To get support, Quirmbach included in his bill a new gift limit of $4, an
adjustment for inflation.

"If pushed, I would have gone to $5," he said. But his bill didn't pass either
body in the Legislature.

State Sen. David Lujan of Arizona, who said there is a "very strong lobbying
influence" in his state, wanted to ban non-educational travel and tighten gift
ban rules. But the bill "never got a hearing here," Lujan said.

In states where reform bills passed, some good-government advocates said they
didn't go far enough.

In Missouri, some lawmakers were critical that the ethics measure eliminated
campaign-contribution limits. The bill instead relies on disclosure rules to
check abuse.

Georgia lawmakers also passed a raft of reforms that included new
financial-disclosure requirements later praised by the Center for Public
Integrity. Some local watchdog groups said the bill didn't go far enough,
however.

"The bill fell short of what the governor had proposed," said Bill Bozarth, the
executive director of Georgia Common Cause.

Gov. Sonny Perdue, a Republican, had proposed gift-ban rules and expanding the
power of the ethics panel to review potential conflict of interests among state
legislators.

Bozarth credited the Legislature for adopting new rules but called a
strengthened ethics panel the "most significant" reform Perdue had asked for.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             July 23, 2012, Monday

Walmart lobbying for Internet sales tax;
In effort to put an end to loophole that benefits competitors, chain spent;
$7.8 million in 2011

BYLINE: y DAVID WELCH, BLOOMBERG NEWS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P6A

LENGTH: 707 words


In its struggle against surging online retailers such as Amazon.com Inc.,
Wal-Mart Stores has unleashed a weapon long shunned by Sam Walton: lobbying.

On Tuesday, the House Judiciary Committee will hold a hearing on a bill to let
states collect sales tax from out-of-state merchants that sell to their
residents. If it is passed, online retailers, which now mostly don't collect
sales tax, will lose a price advantage that has helped them take business from
brick-and-mortar stores.

Wal-Mart, which has been boosting political contributions and staffing up its
Washington office, is one of the prime movers behind the bill, said Rep. Steve
Womack, an Arkansas Republican who authored the proposed legislation.

"This is Wal-Mart's top issue, if not one of their top issues," Womack said in a
phone interview. "Wal-Mart is important to me because they are headquartered in
my district."

It's easy to see why Wal-Mart is determined to force online merchants to charge
sales tax. Last year, Seattle-based Amazon's sales grew 41 percent to $48.1
billion. Bentonville, Ark.-based Wal-Mart increased U.S. sales at its namesake
stores 1.5 percent to $264.2 billion. Five years ago, only about a quarter of
Wal-Mart customers shopped at Amazon, according to Kantar Retail, a London-based
research firm. Now half say they do, Kantar says.

To improve its Web sales operations, Wal-Mart has been acquiring social-media
companies and technology firms in Silicon Valley. Wal-Mart generates less than 2
percent of its revenue online, according to a Kantar estimate.

In the meantime, Wal-Mart has been stepping up its Washington activities. The
chain spent $7.8 million on lobbying efforts in 2011, the most in its history,
according to Open Secrets.org, a website founded by the Center for Responsive
Politics, a watchdog group in Washington.

Before the mid-2000s, Wal-Mart had a limited presence in the nation's capital.
The Washington office now has 15 people because the company "wants to be
involved in issues that are important to our customers and our associates,"
Brooke Buchanan, a spokeswoman, said in a telephone interview.

Founder Walton preferred to steer clear of politics and focus on opening stores,
according to Rogan Kersh, a political science professor at Wake Forest
University in Winston-Salem, N.C., who studies corporate lobbying. As recently
as 2005, Wal-Mart spent less than $2 million on lobbying efforts, according to
OpenSecrets.

"Wal-Mart had this attitude that they didn't need to worry about Washington and
politics," Kersh said in a phone interview. "They started lobbying on tax issues
some years ago. Once you start down the path, it's not something you retrench
on. It just keeps expanding."

Womack, whose district includes Bentonville, said he talks regularly with
Wal-Mart Chief Executive Officer Mike Duke, Chief Finance Officer Charles Holley
and members of the Walton family. Sam Walton's son, Rob Walton, is chairman of
the board.

In 2011 and 2012, Womack was Wal-Mart's largest recipient of political
contributions, receiving $30,950. The retailer gave presumed Republican
presidential candidate Mitt Romney $21,500; President Barack Obama got $20,119,
according to OpenSecrets. Rep. Jackie Speier, a California Democrat who signed
onto the original bill, received $7,500 over the past two years from Wal-Mart,
according to OpenSecrets.

Womack makes no apologies for sponsoring a bill that would help Wal-Mart. "If
something affects Wal-Mart, it affects me and it affects jobs in my district,"
he said.

The online tax bill took shape after a conversation with top Wal-Mart executives
in January 2011, Womack said. He asked what issues were important to them. The
response: sealing up the loophole that allows online retailers to sell goods
without a sales tax.

Beyond Wal-Mart, Womack said he also wants to provide succor to small,
independent retailers in northwest Arkansas. One jewelry shop in Fayetteville,
Ark., complained to him that with the state's 9 percent sales tax, a buyer can
visit a site like bluenile.com and buy a $10,000 piece of jewelry tax-free and
save nearly $1,000.

"Right now, an online seller has an unfair advantage," Womack said. "How many
small-business obituaries do we have to read before we do something?"

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                              171 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                           February 19, 2013 Tuesday

Becker & Poliakoff Acquires Fuentes & Rodriguez Consulting Group; Expands
Government Law & Lobbying Practice

LENGTH: 425 words


FRCG's client list includes the cities of Homestead, Sweetwater, Cutler Bay,
Medley and Miami Lakes, as well as the VE Restaurant Group, AMEC Engineering,
All Aboard Florida and Ygrene Energy Fund Florida, among others. FRCG lobbyists
Jose Keichi Fuentes and Richard F. Candia will join the Government Law &
Lobbying Practice Group in the firm's offices here.

The firm also announced that Daniel A. Espino, attorney and former Miami Springs
Councilman, has joined the Government Law & Lobbying practice group here and
that George Burgess, already an integral part of Becker & Poliakoff as COO, will
also join the enlarged lobbying team to provide strategic advice to clients. Mr.
Burgress served a 28-year career in Miami-Dade County government, the last eight
of which as County Manager, where he oversaw a budget of over $7 billion.

"Jose, Rich, Dan and George will give Becker & Poliakoff unprecedented access to
key policy makers in Miami-Dade, Tallahassee and Washington, D.C.," said Bernie
Friedman, Chair of Becker & Poliakoff Government Law and Lobbying Practice
Group.

Jose Keichi Fuentes, Founding Partner of FRCG, commented, "Being part of the
Becker & Poliakoff team adds value to our client relationships. We have known
and worked with their lawyers and lobbyists for many years and are thrilled to
be joining forces with their talented organization."

Mr. Fuentes has more than 25 years of experience working in the government and
political arenas and is well-known in Florida political circles. He previously
served as the Regional Director for Miami-Dade County's South Florida Water
Management District and as Director of Hispanic Affairs for the Cuban American
Legislators from Miami-Dade County. He was also Governor Rick Scott's appointee
as Trustee of Miami Dade College.

Richard F. Candia previously served as chief of staff to then State Senator and
current Congressman Mario Diaz Balart. He is particularly well known for his
high profile representation of Florida International University and the
University of Miami before local and community decision makers, the Florida
Legislature and Executive branch as well as in Washington.

Mr. Espino's local government activities include serving on the
Intergovernmental Relations Committee of the Florida League of Cities, as well
as the Legislative Committee of the Miami-Dade League of Cities. A Miami Springs
Councilman for four years, he was one of the youngest elected officials in
Miami-Dade County and the South Florida Hispanic Chamber of Commerce 2011
Elected Official of the Year.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 5, 2012 Wednesday

NIMAC's airbase lobbying firm has quit

BYLINE: Niagara Gazette, Niagara Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 607 words


Sept. 05--Niagara County Legislators learned on Tuesday that lobbying firm Hyjek
Fix, which worked on contract with the community-based Niagara Military Affairs
Council for the past 17 years, recently quit after it was hired by New York
state to prepare an assessment of all five military bases in the state.

The report is ordered in anticipation of a new round of federal Base Closure and
Realignment Commission hearings by 2015-2016, according to legislature Chairman
Bill Ross, C-Wheatfield.

On a split vote Tuesday, county lawmakers agreed to extend a contract with a
lobbying firm for the air base.

Albany-based Capitol Public Strategies will be retained through Dec. 31, at a
cost of $5,000 per month, to assist the county's search for state economic
development grant money and also promote its economic interests by working leads
in cargo business for Niagara Falls International Airport and lobbying for
retention and strengthening of the air base. The Niagara County Industrial
Development Agency will reimburse the county for half of the cost each month.
This has been the deal since Capitol Public Strategies was hired on a six-month
contract this past March.

Robert Bulman, a partner in Capitol, addressed the Legislature briefly Tuesday,
to roughly list the firm's activities on behalf of Niagara County. By the end of
the year, he said, his firm will be acquired by Washington, D.C.-based Park
Strategies LLC, the lobbying firm founded by former U.S. Sen. Alfonse D'Amato,
and so the firm will have connections in both the state and national capitols.

Park Strategies managing director Kraig Siracuse also addressed the legislators
and promoted his experience with defense/base protection issues, as a former
D'Amato Senate staffer and a lobbyist for the Rome, N.Y., base in the last round
of BRAC hearings. The BRAC process is "very politicized," he warned.

So long as it's working for the county, Bulman said, Capitol's goal is to make
sure Niagara Falls Air Base "stands out" among defense bases state- and
nation-wide.

Three votes against extending Capitol's contract came from the Niagara
Falls-based Democratic minority caucus.

Caucus leader Dennis Virtuoso suggested the money being committed to Capitol
would be better spent at home, perhaps to prevent the planned closing of three
congregate dining sites for senior citizens.

"Considering our economic situation," he said, "the money could be used to keep
our seniors' education programs and dining facilities (open) instead of going to
a bunch of lobbyists."

Lobbyists aren't going to "save" Niagara Falls Air Base from closure, anyway,
Virtuoso added, the area's Congressional delegation -- Kathy Hochul, Brian
Higgins, Louise Slaughter -- will.

Majority Caucus Leader Rick Updegrove, R-Lockport, defended the use of lobbyists
in observing base closings are not strictly a federal-level decision. The state
also will have some input on the fate of bases in New York, that is, BRAC will
weigh its preferences regarding where missions and personnel should be added or
cut. That means state decision-makers also need to be persuaded of Niagara Falls
Air Base's value, he suggested.

Late last month, the county applied to the state for $300,000 funding to support
air base retention. Ross said the money would help the county retain "experts in
certain consulting areas" but according to Merrell Lane, NiMAC chairman, those
experts wouldn't be lobbyists, because the state won't let the grant money be
spent on them.

___ (c)2012 the Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, N.Y.) Visit the Niagara Gazette
(Niagara Falls, N.Y.) at www.niagara-gazette.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120905-NF-NIMAC-s-airbase-lobbying-firm-has-quit-0905-20120905

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NF


                         Copyright 2012 Niagara Gazette


                              173 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Arizona Capitol Times

                              May 20, 2013 Monday

Follow the money: Arizona Capitol Times' stories provide insight into lobbying
activity

BYLINE: Evan Wyloge and Hank Stephenson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 517  words


The Arizona Capitol Times obtained the electronic quarterly lobbying reports for
the first quarter of 2013 under the state's public records laws, analyzed the
expenditures across hundreds of transactions and interviewed many of those
involved in the spending.

The result is a group of stories that provide insight into who gave and received
the most money so far this year, how it was spent and why the expenditures were
considered important. Although records reported earlier provide details on
lobbying activities in recent years, the newly obtained reports offer as close
as possible to a real-time look at money related to lobbying.

* Laguna Beach weekend tops lobbying expenditures * Freshman Ethan Orr ranks
high among most lobbied * Special events dominated lobbying expenditures during
the first quarter * Lobbyist gift ban crusader accepts gifts from lobbyist * A
lobbying tradition: lunches on the lawn * See a searchable database of all
reported lobbying activity for the first three months of 2013

The records show that a total of $233,073 was spent on lobbying during the first
quarter. About 9 percent of the money, or $21,392, discloses who benefited from
the lobbying.

About 7 percent of all the lobbying dollars spent were reported as "aggregate"
spending, or transactions of less than $20, which do not require disclosure of
who was lobbied. About 84 percent of all the lobbying dollars fall into the
"special event" category, where the entire Legislature, a chamber, a committee
or a caucus are all invited. Those expenditures also do not require disclosure
of recipients.

The stories in this section provide several examples of how lobbying
expenditures -- both large and small -- play out at the Capitol. First Quarter
lobbying by the numbers Total amount reported as being spent: $233,072.65. Total
amount reported with beneficiaries listed: $21,392.09 (9.2%). Most spent in a
single transaction: $35,731.86. Largest single lobbying transaction: Arizona
Association of Realtors Day at the Capitol. Greatest amount of money reported
for lobbying on any given day: $57,649.82. Day of the week with the greatest
amount of lobbying dollars spent: Tuesday. Money reported spent on Phoenix
Coyotes hockey games: $5,952.83. Number of beneficiaries listed for hockey game
expenditures: 0. Money spent by the National Rifle Association: $948.32. Money
spent on behalf of the state's main utility companies: $5,693.68. Money spent on
behalf of the state's three public universities: $4,090.21. Recipient of most
lobbying dollars reported with a beneficiary: House Speaker Andy Tobin. Amount
reported as spent on Tobin: $2,855.24. Lobbying dollars spent with American
Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC): $2,279.55. Lobbying dollars reported spent
with National Council of State Legislators (NCSL): $0. Total amount of money
reported spent on flowers: $939.05. Amount of money reported spent on flowers by
APS lobbyist Jessica Pacheco: $782.92.

http://www.azcapitoltimes.com/be-the-first-to-know/Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                            April 4, 1990, Wednesday

MERGER FEVER INFECTS POTOMAC LOBBYING FIRMS IN SPITE OF FEARS THAT PUBLIC,
CLIENTS WILL SUFFER

BYLINE: BY JEFFREY H BIRNBAUM

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 1

LENGTH: 67 words


Washington, DC, lobbying business is going through transformation; big lobbying
conglomerates are gobbling up smaller firms with increasing frequency, and
controversy; by far largest Washington acquirer of late is WPP Group PLC,
British advertising and public-relations giant; it has purchased all or part of
lobbying-related firms headed by some of best-known names in Washington
establishment (M)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              175 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             March 20, 2007 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

LOBBIES ARE HITTING ROOF

BYLINE: BY JOE MAHONEY DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 410 words


ALBANY - Special interests at the state Capitol set a new record last year on
what they spend to influence lawmakers, priming the lobbying pump to the tune of
$151 million.

The growth, documented in a new report released by the state Lobbying Commission
yesterday, is likely to continue this year, as unionized health care workers and
the hospital industry dump millions into a campaign to defeat Gov. Spitzer's
proposed Medicaid cuts, the panel's director, David Grandeau, said.

"Personally, I think you are absolutely going to see a huge spike," Grandeau
said as the commission released its annual lobbying report.

In 2005, lobbyists spent $149 million, a record at that time.

Among industries, the most overall spending - $22.3 million - was posted by
health and mental hygiene service providers.

Real estate and construction came in second by sinking $15.9 million into
lobbying.

Teacher unions and education advocacy groups also spent at a rapid clip, dishing
out $10.2 million to have their voices heard at the Capitol.

Of all 3,277 lobbying clients, the biggest spender was the Healthcare
Association of New York State, which cut $2.2 million in checks to cover its
lobbying expenses.

Although clients, on average, are spending less to drive their message home,
more and more lobbyists are hanging shingles in Albany, which has contributed to
the uptick in overall expenses, Grandeau said. There are 5,117 lobbyists
registered to represent their clients. One of the fastest-growing firms,
Patricia Lynch Associates, collected more than $5 million from its clients last
year, while the number of lobbyists in its bullpen grew by 25% from a year
earlier, according to the report.

But the state's highest-earning lobbying firm remained Wilson, Elser, Moskowitz,
Edelman & Dicker, whose billings totaled $7.8 million from its 99 clients.

Grandeau, while releasing the report, called for the resignation of the Lobbying
Commission's chairman, Paul Shechtman of Manhattan, an appointee of former Gov.
George Pataki, for skipping all the panel's meetings since November.

Shechtman had sent his resignation to Spitzer last week.

jmahoney@nydailynews.com.

GRAPHIC.

THE TOP FIVE.

The five organizations that spent the most on lobbying Albany last year:.

1. Healthcare Association of

New York State $2,226,576

2. Verizon $2,153,821

3. Forest City Ratner Cos. $2,105,141

4. United Teachers $1,685,015

5. Medical Society of the State

of New York $1,519,988

Source: State Lobbying Commission

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHART;GRAPHIC

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                              176 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Arizona Daily Sun (Flagstaff)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 7, 2010 Thursday

'Memogate' firm has lobbying contract renewed

BYLINE: Joe Ferguson, The Arizona Daily Sun, Flagstaff

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 440 words


Oct. 07--The lobbying firm tied to last spring's "Memogate" campaign controversy
will continue to represent the city of Flagstaff at the state capital and
Washington, D.C.

The Flagstaff City Council voted 4-3 Tuesday night in favor of giving the
lobbying firm Landry Creedon and Associates a nine-month contract worth $72,160.

The firm has represented the city at the nation's capital since 2002 but has
been on a month-to-month contract since July.

Mayor Sara Presler and Councilmembers Art Babbott and Celia Barotz voted against
the contract while Councilmembers Al White, Coral Evans, Scott Overton and Karla
Brewster endorsed it.

Babbott continued to express concern over the firm's involvement with a leaked
four-page memo critical of Presler's alleged behavior during a lobbying trip to
D.C. last July.

He believes the lobbying firm acted inappropriately when the city's assigned
lobbyist, Bob Holmes, released a memo critical of Presler to her opponent,
then-councilmember Joe Haughey, several weeks before the general election.
Presler won a second term by a few hundred votes.

"I do believe Landry Creedon has done a good job in terms of their performance
in lobbying for the city, but I cannot support their contract because of their
behavior that was exhibited in the last elections," Babbott said. "Right or
wrong, it was the methodology that was used that was completely inappropriate."

Babbott urged the council to consider adding language to the city's procurement
procedures to ensure ethical behavior from businesses with city contracts.

Councilmember Al White, who has worked with Landry Creedon since 2002, took
issue will Babbott's criticism of how the firm handled the memo.

He argued that Holmes acted ethically when he wrote the memo and submitted the
memo to his boss. He said local politics played a large role in the memo
becoming public, not Landry Creedon.

New rules being considered by the council would have at least two members of the
council go on any lobbying trip.

The council voted earlier this year to give Landry Creedon the contract to
represent the city before the Legislature, with only Presler voting against the
contract. That contract is worth $40,000.

To see more of The Arizona Daily Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.azdailysun.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Arizona Daily Sun, Flagstaff
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101007-FF-Memogate-firm-has-lobbying-contract-renewed-20101007

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FF


                      Copyright 2010 The Arizona Daily Sun


                              177 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                          September 29, 2005 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Telecoms big political donors An analysis finds Qwest is Colorado's biggest
election donor. AT&T spent the most on lobbying here.

BYLINE: By Kimberly S. Johnson Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-08

LENGTH: 551 words


Telecommunications companies contributed nearly $57 million to political
campaigns over the past six years and spent $78 million on lobbying efforts over
the past two years, according to a report by the Center for Public Integrity.

Nearly $1 million of the former went to political campaigns in Colorado.

The Washington, D.C.-based nonpartisan organization, which follows public policy
issues, is releasing today the results of a three-year analysis of state
campaign and lobbying efforts by telecom companies. The report shows that in
Colorado, telecom companies donated $990,023 to state campaigns in election
cycles over six years. Lobbyist spending, tallied from expense reports for 2003
and 2004, totaled $599,282.

Qwest led donations to statewide gubernatorial and legislative races and state
political parties with $220,083 from 1999 to 2004. The report didn't break out
who received donations from any of the companies.

The Denver-based phone company ranked second in state-level lobbying in 2003 and
2004, spending $90,000.

AT&T Corp. spent the most money lobbying in the state, $135,532. AT&T spent
$145,946 on political campaigns in Colorado, which ranked them second to Qwest.

Nationwide, Qwest contributed $1.5 million to campaigns in various states,
including Colorado, and spent another $1.5 million on lobbying in those states.

"We have a long history of supporting statewide issues designed to improve the
quality of life here in Colorado," said Qwest spokesman Michael Dunn in an
e-mail. "We also contribute to candidates that understand and support the issues
that are important to Qwest, its customers and its 45,000 employees.

"In the last few years, the largest portion of our political contributions have
gone to statewide referendums, including FasTracks, T-REX and a Jefferson County
school-bond issue, among others," Dunn said.

The center's report didn't include money spent on referendums.

The Center for Public Integrity spent three years on its analysis. John Dunbar,
author of the study and director of the center's media and telecommunications
project, said states had varying guidelines on reporting lobbyists and campaign
donations.

"Colorado has a fairly severe limitation on its report. That (lobbying) number
is a lot lower than it really is, due to your state lobbying law," he said. "It
doesn't require lobbyists to separate out who they're lobbying for. If you're an
in-house lobbyist for Qwest, odds are you're only lobbying for Qwest. That's
what we counted."

Staff writer Kimberly S. Johnson can be reached at 303-820-1088 or
kjohnson@denverpost.com.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Telegraphing cash

The leading telecommunications company donors to state gubernatorial and
legislative races and state political parties from 1999 to 2004 gave almost
$615,000:

Qwest: $220,083

AT&T: $145,946

National Cable & Telecommunications Association and state organizations:
$108,765

Liberty: $71,000

Level 3 Communications: $68,250

Lobbying efforts

Major telecom interests lobbying state government in 2003 and 2004 spent more
than $510,000:

AT&T: $135,532

Qwest: $90,000

Deutsche Telekom: $86,000

MCI (formerly WorldCom): $75,000

Sprint: $68,845

National Cable & Telecommunications Association and state organizations: $56,250

Source: The Center for Public Integrity

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           December 8, 2005 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

NORMAN TRIAL WITNESS PROBED

BYLINE: By Joe Mahoney

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 233 words


ALBANY - A state watchdog took a $10,000 bite yesterday out of a lobbyist who
testified in the trial of Brooklyn Democratic boss Clarence Norman, after Daily
News columnist Bill Hammond exposed how the advocate misreported his expenses
for pushing legislation.

State Lobbying Commissioner David Grandeau said his agency took a closer look at
the records of gas station lobbyist Ralph Bombardiere after Hammond learned he
had reported his expenses for buying signs as a donation to Gov. Pataki - but
left it out of his lobbying reports.

The lobbying expense in question was unrelated to Bombardiere's testimony in the
Norman trial. A key prosecution witness, Bombardiere acknowledged Norman
solicited more than $10,000 in campaign donations from him, far above the legal
limit of $3,100. Norman was convicted of trying to conceal those donations.

Hammond, after checking state Board of Elections records, found the curious
entry from Bombardiere relating to his political contributions - and began
raising questions. Grandeau noted it was the second time in recent months his
agency has cited lobbyists following exclusive reports by the Daily News.

Two months ago, the agency followed up on a News report by fining KeySpan and
Citicorp $15,000 each after the companies violated a gift ban by giving Red
Sox-Yankees tickets to Assembly Democrats amid last year's Democratic National
Convention in Boston.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                              179 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 21, 1992, Monday, Final Edition

USAir Linkup With British Spurs Dogfight;
Domestic Carriers Fear Competitive Disadvantage

Martha M. Hamilton, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE F1

LENGTH: 1663 words


It's an airline lobbying battle that makes the routine Washington power play
look like a game of croquet. The outcome will help determine whether pacts
between U.S. and foreign carriers will shape the industry's future.

In one corner are British Airways PLC and Arlington-based USAir Group Inc.
Earlier this year they announced plans to combine operations and create an
international alliance that they say will strengthen service for travelers and
give USAir a financial boost.

In the other corner are American Airlines Inc., United Airlines Inc. and Delta
Air Lines Inc., USAir's three biggest domestic competitors. They have told
federal regulators that the proposed transatlantic airline deal would put them
at an unfair competitive disadvantage, threatening their very survival.

Many analysts and industry observers expect the British Airways-USAir linkup to
be approved in some form, although regulators here may not issue a decision for
months. In the meantime, said USAir Executive Vice President W. Thomas Lagow,
"the increase in billable hours inside the Beltway" by lawyers and lobbyists
probably already has been a boon to Washington area earnings.

British Airways and USAir are represented in the lobbying fight by former U.S.
senator Howard Baker and the law firm Zuckert, Scott & Rasenberger. American,
United and Delta have recruited a lobbying army that includes former U.S.
senator and trade representative Bill Brock; the public relations firm of Jody
Powell, former press secretary for Jimmy Carter; well-connected Democrat Anne
Wexler; well-connected Republican public relations firm Black Manafort & Stone;
and Kenneth Duberstein, former White House chief of staff for Ronald Reagan.

"I've had phone calls from any number of people telling me how many people they
know," said one airline official, who has heard from firms eager to be part of
the lobbying action.

In the middle are U.S. regulators, who have faced both an onslaught of lobbying
and nearly 30,000 pieces of mail arguing for or against the proposed
transaction.

Many letters from USAir employees have argued that the transaction is necessary
for USAir's long-term survival and to guarantee the jobs of 47,000 USAir
employees -- including 4,500 employees in the Washington-Baltimore area.
Opponents repond that USAir could survive without the linkup.

Washington and Baltimore airport officials say the deal is likely to strengthen
both domestic and international air service for the region, which would help
attract additional investment.

On the other side, Robert L. Crandall, chairman of American Airlines parent AMR
Corp., has a somewhat bleaker view of the transaction. "It simply puts U.S.
airlines out of business" by giving a foreign competitor a major advantage in
the large, lucrative market that is the United States, he said.


Terms of the Agreement

Under the agreement, which must be approved by shareholders and regulators on
both sides of the Atlantic, the profitable British carrier would invest $ 750
million in money-losing USAir. In exchange British Airways would receive 25
percent of the seats on the USAir board of directors, 21 percent of its voting
shares and an overall stake including 44 percent of nonvoting shares. The two
airlines also would integrate marketing and operations into what would appear to
consumers to be a single entity, they said.

The proposal may touch off a round of similar agreements. Northwest Airlines
Inc. and KLM Royal Dutch Airlines, for example, asked for antitrust immunity to
allow them to integrate their marketing. Lufthansa German Airlines and investor
Marvin Davis made a bid for Continental Airlines.

These moves come at a time when the focus of competition in the U.S. airline
industry has expanded abroad, and as major airlines in every part of the world
are attempting to make their reach global. It also comes as record losses in the
U.S. airline industry have heightened tensions among competitors.

American, United and Delta invested hundreds of millions of dollars to acquire
extensive routes in Europe and elsewhere from troubled Trans World Airlines Inc.
and defunct Pan American World Airways Inc. that have strengthened them
internationally. USAir lagged far behind in putting together an international
route structure.

What USAir had that helped make it attractive to British Airways is an extensive
route network on the East Coast, where it is the largest carrier at New York's
La Guardia Airport, Washington National Airport, Boston's Logan International
Airport and several others.

If the deal results in the seamless integration of operations that USAir and
British Airways envision, USAir passengers from cities without direct service to
England would be able to fly what would appear to be a single carrier to Britain
and to points beyond where British Airways flies.

At the same time, British Airways would be able to book passengers flying from
or through Britain on to any destination in the United States that USAir serves.

The rules for flying between the United States and Britain are set by a
bilateral treaty that restricts the cities on each side of the Atlantic from
which service may be offered. Practically speaking, that limits competition on
those routes. Under the existing rules, British Airways would be strengthened by
being fed by USAir's domestic network.

U.S. Transportation Secretary Andrew H. Card Jr. and his predecessor, Samuel K.
Skinner, have pushed an "open skies" policy to liberalize international aviation
rules and increase competition.


Call for Rule Change

Opponents of the deal argue that giving British Airways that benefit is fair
only if the rules are changed to give U.S. carriers unrestricted rights to fly
anywhere in Britain and beyond. Currently, U.S. carriers are restricted from
carrying passengers from London to points beyond.

"This is real easy," said Crandall of American Airlines. "Anything British
Airways can do to fly people to and from the United States, American carriers
ought to have."

Just liberalizing the rules of travel between the United States and Britain
wouldn't redress the imbalance since the United States is so much bigger than
Britain, he said. The United States accounts for about 50 percent of the world
aviation market.

"If they want to participate in our markets, they have to give us an equal
opportunity," Crandall said.

As for the argument that strengthening USAir and ensuring its survival helps
maintain competition in the United States, "We've got more competition than the
marketplace can stand now," he said, noting the industry's heavy losses and
overcapacity.

Crandall and Stephen M. Wolf, chairman of United Airlines' parent UAL Corp., and
Ronald W. Allen, chairman of Delta, have been making their case in the strongest
terms possible in Washington, but Crandall said last week that educating policy
makers on the issue has been difficult. Crandall visited members of Congress and
U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills to argue against the transaction.

The proposed transaction is a takeover of a U.S. carrier by a foreign carrier
that will be "an absolute crisis event that is going to define the shape of
international aviation forever," Crandall said. "It's a ludicrous transaction. I
don't like to see this country doing dumb things, and this is dumb."

Crandall and other opponents argue that a powerful position for British Airways
on the USAir board would amount to foreign control of an American airline, in
violation of U.S. policy.


Arguing USAir's Case

USAir's Lagow said that the proposed transaction is legal both under U.S. law
and under the existing aviation agreement between the two nations.

The transaction won't allow British Airways to provide direct service to any
additional U.S. cities, he said. But it will provide USAir connections from
additional cities to British Airways flights, just as the other U.S. carriers
connect passengers to their own flights to London, he said.

Lagow flipped through charts and graphs on his desk last week as he argued the
USAir case. He said the international operations alone of the big three carriers
are greater than USAir's combined domestic and international operations.

Lagow also said American, United and Delta fly to other parts of the world where
other aviation agreements limit competition and provide high returns, "They have
the largest protected international route system in the world," he said.

"What they don't want is a new, aggressive, viable domestic carrier, which is
what USAir would be if it were to have a significant capital infusion," Lagow
said. "Show me a company who says they want more competition, and I'll either
show you a liar or a loser."

USAir's losses began before those of other carriers and have limited its ability
to compete against larger U.S. carriers, Lagow said. With the money from the
British Airways transaction, USAir could acquire aircraft and begin providing
more service in more markets -- including increasing transcontinental service
out of Baltimore-Washington International (BWI) and National airports, he said.
USAir also could develop international service from Dulles International
Airport, which United now dominates, he said.

USAir's stock, which traded as low as $ 10.50 a share in 1992, has been trading
at about $ 14 a share since the transaction was announced. But that still is
less than its high last year of $ 24.50.

Officials at BWI, the Washington Metropolitan Airports Authority and the
Washington Airports Task Force say they believe the deal would be good for the
Washington area, because it would strengthen the largest airline in the area and
possibly provide more international service.

That, in turn, is good for the regional economy, said Washington Airports Task
Force President Leo J. Schefer.

"If a region expects companies to expand and grow, it has got to provide those
companies with direct service to international markets," he said.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, UNDER THE USAIR-BRITISH AIRWAYS AGREEMENT, THE TWO AIRLINES
WOULD INTEGRATE MARKETING AND OPERATIONS INTO WHAT WOULD APPEAR TO BE A SINGLE
ENTITY.

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              180 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            January 29, 2013 Tuesday

Samsung to open US lobby office

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 391 words


Samsung Electronics said Tuesday that it will open an office exclusively
designed for lobbying activities in the U.S. this year to support its business
in the world's largest smartphone market.

It is now recruiting experienced lobbyists ahead of the full operation of the
office in Washington, D.C.

The move comes as the Korean electronics giant has expanded spending on lobbying
activities in the U.S. in the midst of a deepening patent dispute with Apple.

"Considering Samsung's increased brand awareness in the United States and
business expansion, selling products isn't enough. With accelerating efforts on
lobbying that's within the law, we will be able to defend our corporate
interests in a better way," said an Samsung executive by telephone, Tuesday.

The executive said the company's increased presence in the U.S. capital will
help it better deal with important pending issues.

"Samsung is being challenged by many American companies over market share and
interests in the United States as we've grown and will further grow. Due to
this, we need to persuade influential politicians and interested parties to
support us by beefing up our lobbying activity," said the executive.

"We are also collaborating with various government-funded projects in the United
States," he said. Samsung is expanding its research and development facilities
in Silicon Valley. It has hired a new head of innovation, who told MIT's
Technology Review that he uses Apple products at home.

According to the Center for Responsive Politics (CRP), the Suwon, Gyeonggi
Province-based outfit spent $850,000 on lobbying Washington last year with
$480,000 going to lobbying outfit Akin Gump in the fourth quarter alone. It was
the largest annual spending by the firm for lobbying.

The CRP analyzed that this increase in spending follows strong sales by Samsung
Electronics, which last week reported revenue of $25 billion for the fourth
quarter, and an increase in quarterly sales of 90 percent.

Google was the top spender on lobbying last year at $18.2 million, followed by
Microsoft's $8 million, Facebook's $4 million, Apple's $1.97 million and
Samsung.

Apple spent $540,000 for just the fourth quarter of last year. Most of the
amount was spent for U.S. Patent Office, U.S. International Trade Commission and
other intellectual property-related issues, according to the CRP.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 31, 2015 Saturday

Alaska: Democrats Reveal Koch Brothers' Lobbying Agenda in Alaska

LENGTH: 143  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Democratic Party has issued the following news release:

Democrats Reveal Koch Brothers' Lobbying Agenda in Alaska

Leaked: Koch Brothers' lobbying packet on Medicaid & other state issues

ANCHORAGE:  The Alaska Democratic Party has obtained a copy of the Koch
Brothers' lobbying agenda in the Alaska state legislature, and is releasing it
to the public.  The Koch Brothers are trying to help Pete Kelly and Bill Steuer
sabotage Medicaid expansion.  The Kochs also are lobbying for school
privatization and privatization of state jobs.

"We have found the Koch Brothers' tentacles reaching into the state capitol.
For Alaska's sake, we need to fight back against their radical Outside agenda,"
said Mike Wenstrup, Chair of the Alaska Democratic Party.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutioLondon:

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

BONDI DISMISSES LOBBYING REPORTS

BYLINE: MICHAEL VAN SICKLER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 547 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


Attorney General Pam Bondi on Wednesday tried to downplay recent media reports
about her relationships with Washington corporate lobbyists by saying they don't
interfere with her official duties.

"No access to me or my staff will ever affect what we do - and we've shown that
- to protect consumers of this great state," Bondi told reporters after a
Cabinet meeting. "We're proud of our record."

But rather than answer with specifics, Bondi repeated that claim at least four
times in a briefing that her aides ended after only three minutes. At the same
meeting, she devoted more than 20 minutes to dogs.

It's been two weeks since media reports revealed that Bondi and her staff met
with attorneys from the Washington, D.C., law firm Dickstein Shapiro over the
past four years. Often held at plush resorts and fancy restaurants far from
Florida - from Hawaii to Arizona to Washington, D.C. - the meetings involved
clients that had cases against them dropped or never opened by Bondi's office.

The meetings may violate Florida law because none of the Dickstein Shapiro
lawyers who met with Bondi or her staff are registered as state lobbyists. If
the Florida Commission on Ethics determines that the state's law was broken, the
firm would be fined $5,000 and banned from lobbying for two years.

But there's no punishment for Bondi. Under Florida law, those held liable for
following the law are those doing the lobbying, not those who are lobbied.

That might explain Bondi's ambivalence in determining whether Florida's law
governing lobbying was broken.

When asked if any laws were broken, Florida's top legal official replied
Wednesday: "You're going to have to refer that to their attorneys."

But Dickstein Shapiro's attorney in charge of lobbying of attorneys general,
Bernard Nash, didn't return repeated phone calls.

Emails show other out-of-state law firms lobbied Bondi without registering in
Florida. They weren't any more forthcoming.

Hal Stratton, an Albuquerque lawyer and former attorney general of New Mexico,
brought one of his clients, Kent Younce of Security Finance Corp., to meet Bondi
in 2011.

Reached by phone, Stratton wouldn't comment on why he was meeting with Bondi
when he wasn't registered to lobby her.

"I'm not going to talk about it," he said, before hanging up.

Patrick Lynch, a former attorney general for Rhode Island, sent Bondi's office
numerous messages on behalf of his clients, which included Caesars Entertainment
and Comcast Corp.

In 2011, he sent Bondi an email stating he was looking forward to seeing her at
the Conference of Western Attorneys General meeting in Kona, Hawaii, so he could
introduce her to his client, Monsanto, the multinational agrochemical company.

When the Times/Herald called and then texted the cellphone Lynch listed on his
e-mail and his resume, someone replied: "Who is asking?"

They didn't respond to further messages.

Asked about the lobbying by these firms, Bondi's spokeswoman Jenn Meale
responded with a short email.

"Whether the firm in question acted in accordance with Florida's lobbyist
registration laws is the subject of a proceeding pending before the Ethics
Commission, which has the responsibility to interpret and enforce those laws,"
Meale wrote.

Michael Van Sickler can be reached at (850) 224-7263. Follow @mvansickler

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Pam Bondi would face no penalty over unregistered lobbyists.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             August 24, 2015 Monday

Transparency group: Kansas earns a 'C' on lobbying disclosure laws

BYLINE: Jonathan Shorman.

jonathan.shorman@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 767 words


A national group that advocates for transparency in government gave Kansas only
average marks recently on its lobbying disclosure requirements, indicating the
state could do more to ensure an open process.

The Sunlight Foundation graded all 50 states on the strength of their disclosure
laws, and gave Kansas a "C" letter grade. The nonpartisan organization, based in
Washington, D.C., dinged Kansas for not requiring lobbyists to report small
spending amounts and for not requiring lobbyists to disclose the amount they
earn from clients.

Those who work in the Statehouse defended the system, however, while noting the
state could make information more easily accessible online - a criticism that
prompted the Sunlight Foundation to single out Kansas by name.

"Regardless of the legal language, if the state agency overseeing lobbying
offers a clunky website, then finding the disclosed information becomes a real
hassle. Kansas chooses not to hold any lobbying data before 2015 on its
website," Sunlight said in a post accompanying the grades. "Further, the data
presented are not machine-readable nor downloadable in bulk - a criticism
applicable to many states."

In many states, Sunlight said, trying to view a lobbyist's registration form is
either impossible or very complex, which makes it difficult for the public to
obtain key information.

Sen. Oletha Faust-Goudeau, D-Wichita, is the ranking Democrat on the Senate
Ethics and Elections Committee. She said data could be easier to access online
and that government should always strive to be transparent, but that the state
does a generally good job.

"For the most part, people do a pretty good job with the Ethics Commission and
reporting and lobbyists," Faust-Goudeau said.

Rep. Lane Hemsley, R-Topeka, said he sees lobbyists as "open books" because of
disclosure requirements. Primarily, he said, lobbyists act as subject matter
experts for him - people who often have deep knowledge of the matter at hand,
even if they are attempting to influence an outcome.

"As a collective group, lobbyists and legislators both have their place in the
collective process," Hemsley said.

Disclosure requirements aren't burdensome, Hemsley said. He added that if a
lawmaker keeps on top of it, filling out a report should take no longer than a
couple minutes per entry.

The foundation said two major changes are needed among states to achieve ideal
transparency: minimum expenditure disclosure thresholds and an explicit
connection between lobbyist activity and expenditures.

"Given that states generally tend to have fairly robust registration disclosure,
the real focus must be a greater push to improve weak, inconsistent lobbyist
expenditure disclosure," Sunlight said.

Kansas allows individual lawmakers to accept up to $100 worth of "hospitality"
from a lobbyist each year. Whitney Damron, a longtime lobbyist, said he
typically has between 25 and 30 clients, but only a handful engage in
hospitality.

Damron said Kansas probably could do a better job of getting ethics reports
posted online more quickly. He said holes exist in the underlying disclosure
requirements, as well.

"There's some loopholes in there you could drive some trucks through if you're
so inclined," Damron said.

As an example, a lobbyist could potentially spend more than the $100 limit on a
single lawmaker by dividing up the amount among the lobbyist's clients. So a
$1,000 expenditure on a lawmaker, if divided through 11 or 12 clients, would
keep the lobbyist under the spending limit.

Kansas was by no means the only state to earn a C, nor did it earn the lowest
grade. Nevada flunked with an F, and other states received a D grade. Kansas
also earned the same grade as Missouri.

Missouri, however, has attracted much more attention to its lobbyist practices.
The state has no limits on lobbyist gifts, or campaign contributions,
contributing to a culture where lobbyists frequently pick up the dinner and bar
tabs for legislators.

That culture doesn't exist to the same extent in Kansas, at least according to
Damron.

"We're a pretty clean state, at least from my experience, to what you see in
Missouri," Damron said.

More prevalent than a lobbyist taking a lawmaker out to dinner is the use of
so-called hospitality suites - sponsored by organizations - where lawmakers can
come to chat and mingle. The suites are publicized in a legislative social
calendar that is distributed during the session.

"There are certain locations that are open and all legislators are invited, and
usually there are never conversations about what's going on," Faust-Goudeau
said. "Everyone's eating and chatting."

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          December 28, 2011 Wednesday

Bay Biz Buzz: First Solar lobbying, Chevron sells mine, Cavium slashes revenue
forecast, 24 Hour Fitness reopens in Oakland

BYLINE: Mercury News wire services and staff reports

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 383 words


First Solar's lobbying efforts paying off

Arizona-based First Solar, a solar panel maker that decided to chop 60 jobs in
Santa Clara and lowered its profit forecasts this month, has won government aid
while cultivating political relationships from California to the White House.

First Solar moved to eliminate the jobs in its South Bay research center after
receiving $3.43 million in state sales tax credits. The federal government
provided $3 billion in loan guarantees to the company, the most of any
recipient.

Government aid to renewable-energy companies and their lobbying efforts have
been under scrutiny by lawmakers since the collapse of Fremont-based Solyndra ,
a solar panel maker that filed for bankruptcy in September after winning $535
million in U.S. loan guarantees.

First Solar spent $2.2 million on lobbying in Washington since 2007 and
representatives met Obama administration officials before winning the aid,
government records show. In California, the company gave $150,000 to campaigns
last year, according to the secretary of state's office.

-- Bloomberg News

Chevron sells coal mine for $179M in Wyoming

San Ramon-based Chevron's mining unit has sold a mine in Wyoming for $179
million plus $14 million in working capital.

Chevron Mining sold the coal mine to Westmoreland Coal. The mine is located in
the Hams Fork region of southwestern Wyoming.

The deal includes 118 million tons of coal reserves, enough for 20 years of
production.

Cavium cuts revenue forecast for Q4

San Jose-based Cavium has slashed its fourth quarter outlook, saying demand is
weak on the part of corporate customers.

The producer of chips for networking and communications equipment makers expects
revenue to range from $56 million to $57 million in the current quarter.

Previously, Cavium had predicted quarterly revenue to range from $60.9 million
to $62.3 million.

The company's shares plunged 6 percent in after-hours trading.

24 Hour Fitness set to reopen in Oakland

San Ramon-based 24 Hour Fitness is due to reopen its club in downtown Oakland on
Thursday.

The club at 2050 Webster St. closed in early December for renovations and
equipment upgrades.

The upgrades include a remodeled training area, updated cardio equipment,
improved locker rooms, and a revamp of its Kids' Club, Cycle and Group X rooms.

-- Staff

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 15, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Developer Seeking Campaign Reform Tops Lobby List

BYLINE: By NORIMITSU ONISHI

SECTION: Section B; Page 8; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 722 words


Forest City Ratner, a major New York developer whose president pledged recently
to help curtail the influence of big donors on the city's political campaigns,
spent more on lobbying the municipal government last year than any other
business group, according to a study released yesterday.

The company spent $382,385 on lobbying, which included hiring five of the top 10
lobbyists in the city to influence decisions relating to several real estate
projects in the five boroughs. The figure accounted for 3.4 percent of all the
money spent on lobbying in the city last year, and it far surpassed the $181,842
spent by Merrill Lynch, which ranked second.

The top 10 spenders -- including groups representing insurers, hospitals, a
garbage disposal company and a beer giant -- paid almost $2 million to lobbying
firms, many of which are led by former government officials and politically
prominent lawyers. The report, which was written by the New York Public Interest
Research Group, was based on lobbying figures released last week by the City
Clerk's office.

Ludovic Blain, who is a lobbyist for the Public Interest Research Group, a
good-government organization, cautioned that the figures show only a fraction of
the money that big companies spend on attempts to influence city government. Mr.
Blain said that other efforts used to influence politicians, like legal
representation, public relations and campaign contributions, are not captured in
the lobbying report, or in the total figure for Forest City.

"This is just one part of his overall spending that influences politics in New
York City," Mr. Blain said of Bruce C. Ratner, Forest City's president.

According to the report, lobbyists represented Forest City's interests to the
borough presidents of Queens, Brooklyn and the Bronx; City Council Speaker Peter
F. Vallone; two former deputy mayors to Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani; City Council
members, the City Planning Commission, community boards and other groups. Forest
City Ratner has ranked first in spending on lobbying for the fourth straight
year, according to the Public Interest Research Group.

Michele DeMilly, a spokeswoman for Forest City, said its figures for lobbying
were high because it very closely followed the rules in reporting any lobbying,
either by its own employees or lobbyists hired by the company.

"These numbers are apples and oranges," Ms. DeMilly said of the figures reported
by Forest City and other companies. "I can verify with respect to Forest City
that we are extraordinarily scrupulous in reporting every single interaction
with a government official, from the president of the company down."

Last week, Mr. Ratner and another prominent developer, Douglas Durst, said they
would join a coalition trying to overhaul the way elections are financed in the
city by sharply limiting the amounts that candidates can raise and replacing the
money with city grants to campaigns.

Mr. Ratner said he believed that the campaign finance system needed to be
reformed. The developer, who personally raised more than $100,000 for Mr.
Giuliani's re-election campaign, is not helping the Mayor's current effort to
collect money for a bid for higher office.

Mr. Ratner said he had not contributed to Mr. Giuliani since last fall. It was
around that time that Mr. Giuliani opposed an important project, a 24-screen
multiplex movie theater, that Mr. Ratner wanted to build in Forest Hills,
Queens. Fearing traffic congestion, local groups opposed the theater, which Mr.
Ratner could have built without a zoning variance, though he would have needed
various city permits.

Ms. DeMilly said she could not say how much money, if any, Forest City was
spending on lobbying this year.

Among other groups that spent a lot of money lobbying last year was Reuters, the
British information services company, which recorded $143,224 in lobbying fees.
Last November, Reuters got a $26 million tax break to build a headquarters on a
parcel at 42d Street and Seventh Avenue in Times Square.

Other companies in the top 10 included the American Insurance Association;
Triangle Equities, a developer; the Empire State Association of Adult Homes; the
Anheuser Busch Companies; the Greater New York Hospital Association; the New
York City Partnership and Chamber of Commerce, and Waste Management Inc.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "TOP 10: Spending to Get Their Way"
Businesses and business groups that spent the most on lobbying New York City's
government in 1997.

Business or organization              Type of business    Amount
Forest City Ratner                           Developer  $382,385
Merrill Lynch                              Stockbroker   181,842
American Insurance Association               Insurance   175,000
Triangle Equities                            Developer   169,331
Empire State Assn. of Adult Homes        Nursing homes   150,000
Anheuser-Busch                                 Brewery   149,619
Reuters                                    News agency   143,224
Greater New York Hospital Assn.              Hospitals   136,228
New York City Partnership            Business advocate   135,000
and Chamber of Commerce
Waste Management Inc.                 Garbage disposal   119,062


(Source: New York Public Interest Research Group, from City Clerk figures)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              186 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 16, 1998, Saturday, Final Edition

Public Relations Firm Acquires Lobbying Stalwart R. Duffy Wall

Bill McAllister, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. C02

LENGTH: 455 words


R. Duffy Wall & Associates, a 15-year-old Washington lobbying firm that
represents an array of clients including the Betty Ford Center and Comsat,
yesterday was acquired by Fleishman-Hillard Inc., a St. Louis-based public
relations firm.

Terms of the transaction were not announced.

The purchase represents a continuation of a trend of large public relations
firms acquiring Washington lobbying shops. In recent years public relations
firms have been seeking to add government relation services for their existing
clients and to capture a share of Washington's profitable and growing lobbying
business.

With 25 employees and annual billings of $ 6 million, Duffy Wall has been one of
Washington's best-known independent lobbying shops. Fleishman-Hillard said the
merged company will have a Washington staff of 150 and billings approaching $ 25
million this year.

Fleishman-Hillard also has a lobbying practice in Washington, but has tended to
concentrate on health, technology and appropriations issues, said Paul Johnson,
executive vice president and general manager of Washington operations. The firm
counts the American Automobile Manufacturers Association, the Business
Roundtable and America Online among its major lobbying clients.

It also helps its clients with advice from former White House officials and
members of Congress, including former Clinton White House chief of staff Leon M.
Panetta, former Rep. Tony Coelho (D-Calif.) and former Sen. Bennett Johnson
(D-La.).

Duffy Wall was founded in 1982 by its namesake, a lobbyist who had come the
nation's capital to represent Freeport-McMoRan Inc., an energy and sulphur
company from his native Louisiana. The firm has clients with interest in
defense, tax, energy, trade, health and natural resource issues. Among its best
known clients are Bell Atlantic, Torchmark Insurance and Peabody Coal.

Because Duffy Wall will continue to operate at its 13th Street NW location as a
subsidiary of Fleishman, Johnson said the merged firm will not have to drop any
clients. "We're very complementary," he said. "I wish I could say this was by
some grand plan, but it's just by accident."

Johnson expressed delight that the two firms had managed to keep word of their
impending merger quiet during 10 months of negotiations. "I have had a good
friendship with Duffy over 10 years," he said, and their friendship led to the
acquisition discussions.

Former Rep. Bill K. Brewster (D-Okla.), president and chief executive at Duffy
Wall, said Wall, who has had health problems, was pleased with the agreement.
"Now Duffy in the future will spend his time lobbying," Brewster said. "That is
what he has told me he has enjoyed the most about the business."

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              187 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

High-tech, social media companies 'friend' politics

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 427 words


Some high-tech and social media companies are paying big bucks to "friend"
Washington's power brokers.

While spending on lobbying has slowed for some sectors, it has surged for
fast-growing high-tech firms that have faced increased scrutiny from lawmakers
and regulators over their privacy policies and other business practices,
lobbying reports filed recently with Congress show.

Facebook spent $910,000 to lobby Congress and federal agencies during the first
nine months of the year, more than twice what it spent on lobbying in all of
2010. Google pumped nearly $2.4 million into lobbying in the July-to-September
period, record spending for the company.

The search-engine giant now employs nearly two dozen lobbying firms. Microsoft,
meanwhile, spent nearly $1.9 million in the third quarter, according to the
lobbying reports filed last week.

"For all the newness, creativity and entrepreneurship that these social media
companies have displayed, this is a recognition that the game of politics is
played the same old way," said Ellen Miller, executive director of the
non-partisan Sunlight Foundation, which tracks lobbying activity. "You hire
lobbyists. You make contributions. You do your best to influence all aspects of
Washington to support your industry."

As part of Facebook's expanding political footprint, the company recently
launched a political action committee. Last month, the company's chief operating
officer, Sheryl Sandberg, hosted a $35,800-per-person fundraiser for President
Obama at her  California home.  The company also will co-sponsor a GOP
presidential debate.

The increased lobbying  "represents a continuation of our efforts to explain how
our service works as well as the important actions we take to protect people who
use our service and promote the value of innovation to our economy," Facebook
spokesman Andrew Noyes said in an e-mail.

Facebook has lobbied on a slew of privacy bills this year, including a measure
pushed by Rep. Edward Markey, D-Mass., that would require online companies to
receive parental permission before collecting information from minors.

Google spokeswoman Samantha Smith said lobbying helps "policymakers understand
our business and the work we do to keep the Internet open, to encourage
innovation and to create economic opportunity."

Silicon Valley executives will have another chance to meet lawmakers this week.
The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee hosts a fundraising conference
Friday with executives from Google, Facebook, Microsoft and other tech firms,  a
Sunlight Foundation post shows.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           August 21, 2002, Wednesday

TOO MUCH WINING & DINING ENDS IN FINING

BYLINE: KENNETH LOVETT Post Correspondent

SECTION: Sport+Late City Final; Pg. 009

LENGTH: 298 words


ALBANY - An influential lottery firm and the Avis car-rental company were hit
with heavy fines yesterday for lavishing expensive dinners, cars and other perks
on lawmakers in violation of state law.

The state Lobbying Commission levied a whopping $90,000 fine - the second
highest in its history - against the Rhode Island-based lottery firm, GTech
Holdings Corp., and its lobbyist Virgilio Perez.

Perez, as first reported by The Post, was found to have violated state lobbying
law by treating two state lawmakers to dinners in February that exceeded the
legal $75 limit.

There was also evidence of considerable unreported expenses, including some at a
New Jersey adult club. Some did not violate lobbying laws; others did.

GTech, which runs lotteries in 23 states, including New York, yesterday fired
Perez, who was also barred by the commission from doing any lobbying in New York
for the next three years.

"He not only violated the lobbying statute, but certainly violated our own code
of ethics we expect our employees to follow," said company spokesman Robert
Vincent.

The lottery company, which was found to have violated the law by not reporting
the questionable lobbying expenses, agreed to refile its statements with the
commission to reflect Perez's activity.

In agreeing to the settlement, GTech, which in the past has been investigated in
other states on an array of issues, including illegal lobbying, admitted no
wrongdoing. GTech paid the entire fine, which is the second largest levied by
the commission. Neither Perez nor his attorney could be reached for comment.

Also yesterday, Avis was fined $15,000 by the lobbying commission for providing
rental cars at employee discounts to two legislators and a dinner in excess of
$75 to a state employee.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              189 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 18, 1997, Thursday, Final Edition

Postal Service's Party Line

Bill McAllister, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A25; THE FEDERAL PAGE; SPECIAL INTERESTS: LOBBYING
WASHINGTON

LENGTH: 846 words


Postmaster General Marvin T. Runyon tried having a Republican run his lobbying
shop. Now he has turned to a Democrat.  Deborah Kay Willhite, formerly a
Democratic National Committee staff member and a director on President Clinton's
two inauguration committees, has been named vice president for government
relations for the U.S. Postal Service.

She fills a $ 140,000-a-year position vacant since Republican Gerald J.
McKiernan left the lobbying job to work on marketing issues in November 1996.
Willhite, however, will not report to Postal Senior Vice President Larry M.
Speakes, who had taken charge of postal lobbying after McKiernan's reassignment.
Spokeswoman Kathleen C. MacDonough said Speakes, the former Reagan White House
spokesman, had "always planned" to drop the lobbying duties and concentrate on
directing public affairs.

Willhite's first assignment will be a tough one: to convince Congress that the
agency, which has made more than $ 1 billion in profits for the past three
years, needs increased power. Runyon wants his agency to have greater freedom to
set stamp prices and introduce new products.

Lobbyists in Motion

Longtime postal adversary James A. Rogers, a United Parcel Service vice
president and Washington lobbyist, is retiring Dec. 31 after 30 years with the
delivery firm that has clashed repeatedly with the Postal Service.

Elizabeth Inadomi, the Podesta Associates Inc. encryption expert who recently
opened a West Coast office for the lobby shop, has registered her first client,
WebTV Networks Inc. of Palo Alto, Calif., on trade and export issues.

James H. Dykstra, former assistant secretary of defense for legislative affairs
and chief of staff to Rep. Stephen Horn (R-Calif.), is arguing for ship
construction "with national defense features." Dykstra is making that pitch for
Great American Lines, a client of his Arlington lobby shop, Siscorp.

Communications Marathon

To read the Federal Communications Commission's Dec. 1 notice of ex parte
presentations, it appeared as if the Personal Communications Industry
Association held the agency hostage for the day. The FCC log shows that the
association, which represents 13,000 pager and digital telephone service firms,
made 16 different presentations to the five commissioners that day, a number
that struck some FCC watchers as extraordinary.

"It was a very active day," acknowledges PCIA senior vice president Mark J.
Golden. The association's three senior executives scurried about the FCC's M
Street office, hoping to bend the ears of the FCC's four new members. Agency
rules require a disclosure letter for each issue touched outside a formal
hearing. Since the association left a briefing book with each commissioner, that
produced the flurry of disclosure letters, Golden said. In all, Golden says he
and PCIA president Jay Kitchen and senior vice president Robert L. Hoggarth
spent five hours before the commissioners.

Golden offers no apology for the time taken. Wireless communications are, after
all, "the fastest growing" segment of the communications industry, he says.

Hospitality-Minded

Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld is representing another of those
acquisition-minded hotel chains, Patriot American Hospitality Inc. of Dallas.
The firm, actually a real estate investment trust (REIT), recently announced a $
2.1 billion purchase of Interstate Hotels Corp of Pittsburgh.

Patriot American is one of a few REITs that have "paired-share" status, under
which they enjoy tax benefits denied to corporations but also can operate hotel
properties. Keeping a lookout for legislation dealing with REITs are Akin, Gump
partners Donald C. Alexander, a former IRS commissioner, and Janet C. Boyd, as
well as associates Sean G. D'Arcy and Ado A. Machida.

Tracking Trade Groups' Talk

Sean W. Kennedy, former chief executive officer of the Electronic Funds Transfer
Association, has developed a communication service he is selling to trade groups
that allows them to track whether their members actually do lobby lawmakers by
telephone.

Called "Policy Voice," the service offered by Kennedy's Loudoun-based Raintree
Communications Corp. combines toll-free numbers and personal identification
numbers to give association members a range of services. They also can call to
get legislative updates on key issues, request documents by fax or get
transferred directly to lawmakers -- all with one call via touch-tone telephone.

Kennedy said he has signed up several large trade groups, including the American
Medical Association and the National Association of Realtors.

"We're not in the business of shaping the message . . . we're to a large degree
apolitical," Kennedy said.

The Right Scoop

Barry Jenkins, editor of the Food and Fiber Newsletter, points out that it was
his publication, not the rival publication we cited last week, that first
published news of the ouster of longtime agricultural lobbyist Carl Schwensen
from the National Association of Wheat Growers.

Bill McAllister's e-mail address is mcallisterwashpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              190 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            July 10, 2003, Thursday

YES & NO-NO'S: PROBERS EYE YANKEE TIX TO POLS

BYLINE: KENNETH LOVETT Post Correspondent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 002

LENGTH: 460 words


ALBANY - The YES network violated state lobbying laws by failing to report that
it gave Yankee tickets to public officials and possibly an illegal gift to a top
state Senate leader, sources told The Post.

Sources familiar with the state Lobbying Commission investigation said some
tickets went to either Bronx Borough President Adolfo Carrin or members of his
staff.

Two tickets went to a legislative staffer for Assembly Racing & Wagering
Committee Chairman Alexander Gromack (D-Rockland).

"It's just beginning to come out, and there's a bunch more tickets that were
given that no one knows right now who they went to," said one source with
knowledge of the investigation.

YES was lobbying lawmakers over its battle to get Yankee games broadcast on
Cablevision.

Carrion spokesman Fred Winters said he wasn't aware if any tickets were made
available to the office.

Gromack spokesman Jeremy Tomasulo admitted to The Post he received two tickets
last season for a Yankees-Mets game from the YES Network but said he later paid
the network back.

Although the tickets fall under the $75 gift threshold that officials are
entitled to receive, YES was required to include the cost of the ducats in their
lobbying filings, said Lobbying Commission Executive Director David Grandeau.

Meanwhile, the commission believes YES may have given an illegal gift to Senate
Minority Leader David Paterson in the form of a meal at the Four Seasons
restaurant that exceeded the $75 legal limit, a source said.

A YES source acknowledged Paterson, YES President Leo Hindry Jr. and one or two
others had lunch together in May, but said the cost for the senator did not
exceed $75.

Paterson said he initiated the meeting to hit Hindry up for political
contributions, and that no lobbying on YES issues took place.

YES spokesman Bob Davis said, "We are confident that at the conclusion of the
investigation, we will demonstrate to the commission our commitment to complying
with all aspects of the law."

Meanwhile, a YES lobbying firm, Global Strategy Group, has reached a deal with
the lobbying commission in which it will admit to filing inaccurate lobbying
statements on behalf of the network.

A source said Global Strategy has agreed to pay a $50,000 fine and provide
information on the lobbying activities of both the YES Network and the New York
Yankees.

---

NETWORK-ING

Investigators are looking into whether state Sen. David Paterson (left) got a
free lunch at Four Seasons (above) with YES chief Leo Hindry Jr. (below right)
and whether Bronx Borough head Adolfo Carrion Jr. got Yankee tickets.


LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: -Four Seasons.  Mary Altaffer
-Sen. David Paterson

-Leo Hindry Jr.  Robert Miller

-Adolfo Carrion Jr.  NY Post: Sam Costanza

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              191 of 998 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                           October 26, 1995, Thursday

Trial Lawyers' Lobbyists Spent $ 541,000 in Six Months--Report

BYLINE: By a MetNews Staff Writer

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 436 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO (CAPITOL)


Lobbyists for the state's largest organization of trial lawyers spent $ 541,503
during the first half of 1995, Secretary of State Bill Jones reported yesterday.

Consumer Attorneys of California ranked 10th among all organizations in lobbying
spending during the first six months of the year, Jones said.

The organization ranked ninth for second-quarter lobbying expenditures, at $
268,827, according to state figures.

Consumer Attorneys of California has been the most vocal opponent of
Republican-sponsored "tort reform" bills that seek to make it harder for
consumers to win liability suits against businesses and limit the amount of
money that could be gained from such suits.

Other legal community lobbying reported by the secretary of state for the first
half of 1995 included: the American Civil Liberties Union, $ 95,328; California
Applicants' Attorneys Association, $ 185,876; California Attorneys for Criminal
Justice, $ 55,946; California District Attorneys Association, $ 63,180; and
Consumers and Lawyers Against Censorship, $ 57,000.

The State Bar of California reported spending $ 28,000 on lobbying during the
first half of the year, according to Jones' report. This figure represents the
amount paid to outside lobbyists, and does not include expenses incurred by the
association's two full-time Sacramento lobbyists.

The Los Angeles County Bar Association spent $ 5,000, while the Beverly Hills
Bar Association spent $ 19,260.

The only individual law firm with major lobbying expenses was Millberg, Weiss,
Bershad, Specthrie & Lerach, which spent $ 54,000 during the first half of 1995.
The firm, which has offices in San Diego and on the East Coast, frequently
represents plaintiffs in securities actions.

Overall, more than $ 65 million was spent by special-interest groups to lobby
state government officials during the first half of 1995, Jones said.

The biggest spender was the Western States Petroleum Association, which spent $
797,702. The California Teachers Association ranked second, having spent $
712,404 during the same period.

Among the other top lobbying organizations were Pacific Telesis, the California
Association of Hospitals and Health Systems, the California Medical Association,
State Farm Insurance Cos., Chevron Corp., Merrill Lynch & Co., and the
California Chamber of Commerce.

Jones also reported that Los Angeles' city and county governments each spent
more than $ 200,000 on lobbying in the first two quarters. Orange County, which
declared bankruptcy shortly before the beginning of the year, spent $ 169,284 on
lobbying during the same period.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 Metropolitan News Company


                              192 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 14, 1999, Wednesday, Final Edition

Burson-Marsteller Buys Va. Lobbying Firm

Bill McAllister, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. E03

LENGTH: 478 words


Four years ago when Newport News Shipbuilding Inc. was battling with the Clinton
administration over contracts to build nuclear submarines, it turned to a small
Alexandria lobbying company for help.

Within weeks, the firm had dozens of submarine component manufacturers pleading
the company's case on Capitol Hill, until lawmakers insisted that the Virginia
shipyard continue building subs.

Yesterday Burson-Marsteller, one of Washington's largest public relations firms,
announced that it had acquired Direct Impact, the firm that orchestrated the
shipyard's unusual lobbying campaign. Terms of the transaction were not
disclosed.

Burson-Marsteller officials said the acquisition reflects the growing clout of
so-called "grass-roots lobbying" firms in Washington, which typically build
support for federal policies and programs outside the Beltway, urging the local
supporters they have identified to apply pressure on Congress or a regulatory
agency. Since many lawmakers and regulators are sensitive to pressure from their
hometowns, it has made grass-root lobbying a potent force.

"This is not old-school lobbying and it is not old-school [public relations],"
said Cynthia S. Hudson, managing director of Burson-Marsteller's Washington
office. "This is a highly sophisticated, integrated communications campaign of
which grass roots and all the things Direct Impact does play a critical role."

The acquisition is certain to be a financial windfall for John D. Brady, 42, and
Thomas M. Herrity, 36, two Republican operatives who created Direct Impact 11
years ago in a small office at Brady's Alexandria home. Since then the firm has
grown rapidly, serving a number of Fortune 500 companies and major trade
associations with a professional staff of 50 and more than 1,000 part-time field
workers.

Herrity, the son of former Fairfax County Board Chairman John F. Herrity,
describes the company as "the third leg of the stool" of lobbying. The other
legs are traditional public relations and advertising and traditional lobbying,
he said.

Because none of Direct Impact's principals directly lobby Congress, the firm's
activities are not subject to the disclosure reports that other lobbyists have
to file. Wright Andrews Jr., a former president of the American League of
Lobbyists, argues that is unfair, and said grass-roots firms should have to
disclose their spendings.

But Brady countered that would be unwise.

"When the government starts regulating the communications the Congress get from
its constituents, you start treading into some troublesome areas," he said.

Christopher P.A. Komisarjevsky, Burson-Marsteller's chief executive, said his
firm, a unit of Young & Rubicam Inc., the New York-based advertising and public
relations firm, began sending clients to Direct Impact two years ago and was
impressed by the results.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              193 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
                    Life & Health/Financial Services Edition

                                 March 22, 1999

MHC Drive Boosted Lobbying Spending In N.Y.

BYLINE: BY JOSEPH D'ALLEGRO

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 431 words


The drive to enact mutual holding company legislation in New York State resulted
in dramatically increased lobbying expenditures for two New York City-based
mutual life insurers last year, according to a report.

New York Life Insurance Company spent more than $ 1.8 million on lobbying last
year, ranking first in the state among the companies and associations tracked.
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company spent $ 609,984 last year, ranking fourth.

The New York Temporary State Commission on Lobbying issued the report last week.

Neither company had ever before ranked in the top 10 list for lobbying
expenditures.

In most years, New York Life spends about $ 225,000 on lobbying in New York
State, said spokesman Bill Werfelman.  It drastically increased its lobbying
budget last year to pay for television, radio and print advertisements
supporting passage of the MHC bill, he said.

"It was something the company felt was worth the effort," Mr. Werfelman said,
explaining that the MHC structure was seen as ideal for raising capital while
keeping a policyholder focus.  "It was reasonable for the company to want to
influence and educate the constituents in New York."

Met Life normally spends about $ 150,000 in annual lobbying in the state, but
boosted its expenditures last year by commissioning studies of MHC conversions
and through print ads, said spokesman John Calagna.

Since New York State legislators let the MHC bill die in June without voting on
it, New York Life has decided to remain mutual and Met Life has decided to fully
demutualize.

Both insurers indicated that lobbying expenditures this year will be drastically
lower than in 1998.

"It was staggering," said Peter Newell, a spokesman for New York State
assemblyman Peter Grannis, D-Manhattan, of the mutual insurers' efforts.  Mr.
Grannis came to oppose passage of the bill.

The state's insurance industry has not pushed so hard for or against legislation
since 1992, when health care reform legislation eliminating medical underwriting
for small groups and individuals was under debate and opposed by most health
insurers, said both Mr. Newell and Mr. Calagna.

Spending in a given year depends on what issues are being debated in Albany,
explained Jeannine Clemente, the lobbying commission's director.

Ms. Clemente said that total state lobbying expenditures, for all businesses and
associations tracked, was $ 5.7 million in 1978, the year the commission opened.
Total lobbying expenses last year were $ 55 million, she said.  The insurance
industry as a whole spent $ 7.9 million last year.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1999 The National Underwriter Company


                              194 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 16, 2001 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

WORTH NOTING;
The Lobbying Firm That Ate Trenton

BYLINE:  By Barbara Fitzgerald

SECTION: Section 14NJ; Column 1; New Jersey Weekly Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 181 words


Harold Hodes's lobbying firm is looking a lot like Godzilla these days. Just a
year ago, the company's top lobbyists were Mr.

Hodes, a Democrat who was chief of staff to former Gov. Brendan Byrne, and Roger
Bodman, a Republican who was an advisor to former Gov. Thomas H. Kean. Recently,
the firm announced a merger with the lobbying group formed by two influential
Republicans, Hazel Gluck and Judy Shaw -- advisors to former Gov. Christie
Whitman -- to become Hodes Shaw Bodman Gluck, a formidable force in Trenton. Now
the group is adding some inside-the-Beltway experience to their firm as well.

Last week the group announced a new alliance with the Washington lobbying law
firm of Patton Boggs, which is led by Thomas Hale Boggs . Mr. Boggs is the
brother of the late Barbara Boggs Sigmund, a former mayor of Princeton, and of
Cokie Roberts, a host of the ABC news program "This Week."

Mr. Bodman, who was an advisor to former Gov. Thomas H. Kean, said the new
alliance would give the firm "a respected partner with considerable access to
the U.S. Capitol."
   Barbara Fitzgerald

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              195 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 18, 2009 Wednesday

BRIEF: Mayo lobbying tops $740,000

BYLINE: Heather J. Carlson, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 278 words


Nov. 18--In a year when health care reform has dominated federal politics, Mayo
Clinic has ramped up its lobbying efforts, spending $740,000 as of the third
quarter.

Compared to last year, Mayo Clinic's spending on lobbying already has jumped
nearly 58 percent, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. The clinic
ranked 13th for spending compared to other organizations within the
hospitals/nursing homes industry. Most of the top spenders are large
organizations. For instance, the American Hospital Association topped the list
with $10.9 million spent.

"Among individual organizations, individual providers within this industry, Mayo
Clinic is definitely at the top (for spending)," said Center for Responsive
Politics spokesman Dave Levinthal.

Mayo Clinic spokesman Chris Gade said lobbying costs have increased this year in
part because of health care reform. He said the clinic also lobbies on other
issues, including transportation. He said lobbying "is an important element and
way for Mayo Clinic to ensure that its voice is heard in the process."

So far this year, the health sector has doled out the most money on lobbying
with a total of $396 million spent between January and September. Read about it
in Wednesday's print edition.

To see more of the Post-Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.postbulletin.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091118-RC-BRF-Mayo-lobbying-tops-740,000-1118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2009 Post-Bulletin


                              196 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 26, 2005 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Farm-Subsidy Model of Financing Academia

BYLINE: By Alan B. Krueger.

Alan B. Krueger is the Bendheim professor of economics and public affairs at
Princeton University. E-mail: akrueger@princeton.edu

SECTION: Section C; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk; ECONOMIC SCENE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 929 words


THE University of Michigan received $4 million for curriculum development and
training at its Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy. Marshall University in
West Virginia received $11 million for a new heart institute. The University of
Iowa is hoping to get $16.5 million from a pending highway bill to study
taxation of drivers based on miles driven on certain types of highways.

These are just three of thousands of examples of recent ''academic earmarks,''
provisions inserted into federal spending bills to finance specific university
projects, like research, or the construction of classrooms and laboratories.

Increasingly, universities are being financed like farmers and military
contractors, with legislative earmarks. According to The Chronicle of Higher
Education, there were 1,964 earmarks to 716 academic institutions costing a
total of $2 billion in the 2003 fiscal year, or just over 10 percent of the
federal money spent on academic research. From 1996 to 2003, the amount spent on
academic earmarks grew at an astounding rate of 31 percent a year, after
adjusting for inflation.

Earmarks contrast with the way the government finances most university projects,
which is through open competitions for grants. In these competitions, agencies
like the National Science Foundation and the National Institutes of Health
review grant applications, often consulting with outside experts, and base
awards on the applications' perceived merit. Earmarks are decided by a political
process, without external peer review.

As academic earmarks have grown, so have universities' lobbying expenditures.
Spending on lobbying jumped to $62 million in 2003 from $23 million in 1998,
according to The Chronicle of Higher Education.

A study by John M. de Figueiredo of the University of California, Los Angeles
and Brian S. Silverman of the University of Toronto, which will soon be
published in The Journal of Law and Economics, finds that universities receive a
high return on their lobbying dollars. The researchers related the amount each
university received in earmarks to its lobbying expenditures from 1997 to 1999,
and other factors.

Studying earmarks in the academic sector has important advantages. First, unlike
for-profit corporations, universities that get tax-exempt donations are
prohibited from forming political action committees, which give money to
candidates and political parties. Consequently, the pure effect of lobbying can
be isolated.

Second, most universities' lobbying efforts are directed at attracting earmarks
as opposed to seeking legislative changes.

Third, for largely idiosyncratic reasons, some universities have stronger
incentives to lobby for earmarks than others because they receive more generous
supplementary funds from the federal government on top of their grants. Those
extra funds, known as overhead, can be used by universities to subsidize
activities not directly supported by grants, like hiring administrators.

Analyzing differences in lobbying expenditures stemming from differences in
overhead rates with a statistical technique called ''instrumental variables,''
Professors de Figueiredo and Silverman found that a $1 increase in lobbying
expenditures is associated with a $1.56 increase in earmarks for universities in
districts that do not have a senator or congressman on the crucial
Appropriations Committees, and more than a $4.50 gain in earmarks for
universities with a representative on one of the Appropriations Committees.

Even among universities that do not lobby, those that have a congressman or
senator on the Appropriations Committees tend to be awarded more earmarked
funds.

A university's fortunes also tend to rise or fall when senators from its state
join or exit the Appropriations Committee. For example, the year after Senator
Lauch Faircloth of North Carolina, a member of the committee, was defeated by
John Edwards, who did not become a member, earmarks to universities in North
Carolina fell by half.

Unlike lobbying efforts and political factors, a university's academic standing,
as measured by the National Academy of Science's ranking of departments, is not
related to the amount of earmarked funds it receives.

A. Abigail Payne, an economist at McMaster University in Canada, has studied how
earmarks affect the quantity and quality of academic research, inferring quality
from the number of times research studies are cited by subsequent studies. She
concludes that ''earmarked funding may increase the quantity of publications but
decrease the quality of the publications and the performance of earmarked
funding is lower than that from using peer-reviewed funding.''

Indications are that academic earmarks crowd out spending on competitive
peer-reviewed grants, at least in the short run.

The competitive merit-based system that has financed most academic research
since World War II is probably one reason the United States has been pre-eminent
in science and higher education. If academic earmarks continue to grow at an
exponential rate, this system could be in jeopardy.

Slowing the growth of academic earmarks would require a concerted effort by
American universities to shun the practice, or a new consensus in Congress to
finance academic research only through the competitive merit-based process. The
Association of American Universities, a group of 62 elite research universities,
is currently re-examining its position on earmarks, and could send a strong
signal by unequivocally rejecting the practice.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              197 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                           February 10, 2009 Tuesday

The Power of the Lobby;
How Money Spoils It All

BYLINE: Liisa Rajala, ROLL CALL STAFF

SECTION: AROUND THE HILL BOOKSHELF

LENGTH: 753 words


Even with the greed and excess of Wall Street temporarily grabbing the country's
attention, it won't be long before the attention will return to Washington,
D.C., and special interest money.

Washington Post editor Robert Kaiser's new book has arrived at a good time then.
"So Damn Much Money: The Triumph of Lobbying and the Corrosion of American
Government" examines how the lobbying business grew and became intertwined with
American politics. Kaiser follows the story of lobbyist Gerald Cassidy and his
firm to find that the move of government employees to the corporate world, added
to the rising costs of campaign financing, have let lobbying overstep its
boundaries.

The modern history of American lobbying becomes real through Kaiser's
description of the history of Cassidy & Associates. As one of the first major
lobbying firms (opening in 1975), it in many ways was responsible for the
influence of earmarks.

Kaiser begins his book by focusing on the life of Cassidy and his company,
switching back and forth to the connection between lobbying and politics. As
Cassidy's firm grows, so does the lobbying business and its influence.

While speaking about his book at Politics & Prose Bookstore last week, Kaiser
offered further context for his reasons behind the growth of the lobby business.
He explained that lawmakers and their staff were, in part, jealous of wealthy
lobbyists' big, expensive homes along the Potomac River. The lure of lobbyists'
relatively larger salaries was one reason the revolving door between Capitol
Hill and K Street began to turn at a quickening pace. K Street's influence
ballooned as these new lobbyists with their political ties gained easier access
to Congressional contacts. While there is now a roadblock requiring
Congressional staff to take a one-year hiatus before lobbying, Kaiser argues
that it is not enough.

In his book, Kaiser also describes the connections between Members of Congress
and their perpetual campaigns. Campaign costs have skyrocketed over the past
half-century, he writes, with $40 million as the average cost for a Senate race
in "medium-sized states" such as Colorado and North Carolina.

Kaiser quotes Sidney Blumenthal, who wrote about politics for the Boston Phoenix
and published a book in 1980 titled "The Permanent Campaign."

"The permanent campaign is the political ideology of our age. ... It makes
government into an instrument designed to sustain an elected official's public
popularity," he wrote. This obsession with the power struggle and raising money
leaves less time for policymaking.

In regards to his book, Kaiser explained to the bookstore audience that he "set
out on a classic reporter's mission" to discover what the term "Washington
lobbyist" meant.

Kaiser quotes Cassidy, who comments on the American people's ineffectiveness and
loss of control over Congress. "There has been a huge redistribution of income
and you can't blame just the Republicans, because it has happened through
Democratic presidencies, and through Democratic and Republican Congresses,"
Cassidy said. "It's just true, largely because [poorer citizens] have less
reputation - you look at the movements out there, there is no anti-hunger
movement out there, there is no committee on the Hill looking into poverty."

Kaiser follows up Cassidy's remark with a quote from then-Sen. Bob Dole (R-Kan.)
in 1982. "Poor people don't make campaign contributions."

Washington has always been influenced in some way by power and money, and Kaiser
acknowledges this. It is not as if this concept is new, but the extent of the
relationship between the government and the private sector is eye-opening.

Kaiser offers legal solutions to lessen the influence of lobbying in politics.
To squash the obsession with campaign financing, he suggests public funding from
the Treasury, which worked from the 1970s onward until former President Bill
Clinton's re-election campaign. He also suggests a law to set a limit on the
amount of donations from lobbyists. As for the "cooling off period," Kaiser
argues it should be longer, perhaps even five years.

"We can't eliminate lobbying, and we shouldn't," said Kaiser, referring to
protection from the First Amendment. "Lobbying is not a bad profession per se,
and lobbyists are not bad people."

Nevertheless, Kaiser said, there still needs to be some change in regards to how
lobbying works. It may not be a quick fix, either.

Lobbying "is a bipartisan effort," Kaiser said. "This is the culture that we
have contributed to and need to deal with."

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 Roll Call, Inc.


                              198 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

Climate change lobbying group to form Monadnock chapter

BYLINE: Martha Shanahan, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 548 words


Feb. 24--A lobbying group that pushes fees for companies that burn fossil fuels
is setting down roots in Keene.

Volunteers from Antioch University New England are helping to start a regional
chapter of the Citizens' Climate Lobby, a national organization that advocates
for legislation that would place a fee on burning fossil fuels and redistribute
the money to households.

The proposal -- called a carbon fee and dividend -- is widely supported by
environmental activists as a way to temper carbon emissions and climate change.

Its backers claim a fee and dividend system would hold polluters accountable for
their carbon emissions, reduce the amount of carbon released into the atmosphere
and stimulate the economy.

The Citizens' Climate Lobby wants U.S. lawmakers to pass carbon fee and dividend
legislation in Congress, and they're enlisting people through local chapters to
help them do it.

Citizens' Climate Lobby workers train people in regional chapters to advocate
for a carbon fee and dividend to their community, and to their state's
representatives in Congress.

The Monadnock group will be one of the newest additions to the lobby's 228 U.S.
chapters, according to Joshua Lipkowitz, an Antioch master's student and the
school's sustainability and social justice coordinator.

Lipkowitz said the group is open to anyone who supports a carbon fee and
dividend and is willing to fight to get legislation passed.

"I think it really provides a unique opportunity for ... regular people," he
said. "The idea is to create the political will for this bill."

The U.S. has not joined dozens of other countries that have instituted a price
on carbon emissions.

U.S. lawmakers have opposed national legislation, saying it would harm the
economy by forcing companies to pay for their carbon emissions.

The day before the United Nations Climate Summit in September, hundreds of
thousands of people protested on the streets of New York City for action on
climate change, many calling for a carbon tax.

Lipkowitz said members of the group will be trained to explain a carbon fee to
people who oppose it and try to change their opinion.

"I think that this is one solution that shows a lot of promise, especially for
people that believe in market-based solutions," he said. "I do not think, like
any solution, that it's a silver bullet ... but we need to do something."

Gary Rucinski, who founded the Boston chapter of the Citizens' Climate Lobby and
works as a regional coordinator for the group, will lead a three-hour training
workshop Saturday at 9 a.m. on Antioch's Keene campus.

He said he will explain how members can get involved by sending letters to local
newspapers, educating people in their community about the carbon fee and
organizing conversations with New Hampshire congressional representatives when
they are visiting the state.

He said members of the group should be prepared to commit to getting a carbon
fee legislation passed in Congress.

"We're look for people who want to be in this for the long-term," he said.

Martha Shanahan can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1434, or
mshanahan@keenesentinel.com Follow her on Twitter @MShanahanKS.

___ (c)2015 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150224-KN-Climate-change-lobbying
-group-to-form-Monadnock-chapter-0224-20150224

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2015 The Keene Sentinel


                              199 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            April 22, 2009 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Lobbyist door still revolving at Capitol;
Analysis: Rules don't stop ex-officeholders

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 442 words


WASHINGTON -- Despite congressional pledges to stop the revolving door between
Capitol Hill and the lobbying industry, 16 of the 62 lawmakers who left Congress
last year have landed jobs with groups that seek to influence policymakers, a
USA TODAY analysis has found.

Former House members are barred from lobbying their former colleagues for a year
after leaving office and former senators must wait two years. But nothing
prohibits former lawmakers from immediately starting to advise clients on how to
navigate the congressional process, having contacts with administration
officials, or working as a state lobbyist.

Those who found work include former Oregon senator Gordon Smith, a Republican
who is a senior adviser at the law and lobbying firm Covington & Burling; former
Maryland representative Albert Wynn, a Democrat and senior adviser at Dickstein
Shapiro; and former GOP representative Tom Feeney, who is lobbying in his home
state of Florida.

Craig Holman of the non-partisan watchdog group Public Citizen said the moves
reflect "an utterly failed revolving-door restriction."

"They can't call or visit a congressional office for a lobbying purpose but can
do all the work on a lobbying campaign," he said.

Former lawmakers defended their  choices.

"You are doing what counselors at law do all the time -- that is, help people
deal with legal situations in which they find themselves," Smith said.

He declined to reveal his clients but said he is working on international trade
and foreign policy. He served on a Senate international trade panel.

Wynn also declined to disclose his clients but said he is advising them "on how
Congress works and strategies or tactics that would be helpful."

Thirteen Republicans and three Democrats work in government relations for firms
or groups that lobby. That's not surprising: Republicans who left Congress in
2008 surpass Democrats by more than 6-to-1. The analysis excludes ex-lawmakers
who joined the Obama administration.

Feeney, a registered lobbyist for two Florida cities, said he practices law "80%
of my time."

Between 1998 and 2004, 43% of former lawmakers became lobbyists, Public Citizen
reports.

The move can be lucrative. Former Senate majority leader Tom Daschle recently
reported earning $2.1 million over two years as an adviser at lobbying firm
Alston & Bird. The current majority leader's pay: $193,400 a year.

Those who joined groups that do lobbying say life is different. "It was nice to
have a staff and say, 'I need a memo on this' and an hour later have it in my
hands," said former representative Jim McCrery, who joined a
government-relations firm in January. "Now, I'm doing the memos."

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                             June 16, 2003, Monday

CASHING IN - GOV'S PALS QUIT FOR BIG-BUCKS LOBBYING; PATAKI'S 'DODGE CITY' PALS
MAKING BIG BUCKS AS LOBBYISTS

BYLINE: FREDRIC U. DICKER State Editor

SECTION: Sport+Late City Final; Pg. 001

LENGTH: 596 words


ALBANY - Close associates of Gov. Pataki are cashing in on their connections to
make millions of dollars in lobbying and consulting fees, officials told The
Post.

The money available is so great - running into the tens of millions of dollars a
year - that several top Pataki aides recently quit state government to become
lobbyists or join firms seeking lucrative state contracts.

Gaping holes in state lobbying and ethics laws permit influence-peddling
practices - such as former state officials lobbying their own governmental
appointees - that would be illegal in other states, reform experts say.

"State government is now basically Dodge City without Wyatt Earp," said New York
Public Interest Research legislative director Blair Horner. I've never seen it
as bad as it appears to be now.

"The rules of the game have become very lucrative for former members of the
Pataki administration and for close allies of the governor, and the most
troubling thing is the governor isn't doing anything about it."

Assembly Corporations Committee Chairman Richard Brodsky (D-Westchester) has
been investigating, and charges that state authorities have "been used as cash
cows and patronage mills."

Reformers are calling for passage of a pending law requiring the public
disclosure of all lobbying of all state agencies and authorities that are now
excluded from New York's Lobbying Law.

Yesterday, after Pataki's aides learned that The Post was reporting on the
issue, his office announced steps to reform the process.

They said Pataki would issue an executive order today, requiring all state
authorities and agencies to disclose the names of lobbyists seeking to influence
the awarding of contracts.

But many Pataki allies are already cashing in. Among them:

* Former state Judge and one-time Public Service Commission Chairman John
O'Mara, a consultant to Pataki on Indian gambling and, at the same time, a
lobbyist for the DestiNY USA mall project in Syracuse.

O'Mara is also former Sen. Alfonse D'Amato's partner in the lobbying firm D&O
Consultants, state Lobbying Commission records show. His estimated yearly income
is more than $1 million.

* Thomas Doherty, Pataki's former appointments officer, who recently joined
Mercury Public Affairs under Kieran Mahoney, D'Amato's former chief-of-staff.
His estimated income is more than $250,000 a year.

* David Polet, a former Pataki administration official and now a member of Park
Strategies, one of D'Amato's firms. Polet's estimated income is more than
$200,000 a year.

* D'Amato, who, according to recent under-oath testimony, received $500,000 for
a single phone call to the MTA to help a client win a lease.

D'Amato, who has three lobbying companies registered in New York, is one of
several Pataki-connected lobbyists representing the Pyramid Mall empire, which
is seeking massive state financing for the $2.2 billion DestiNY USA project.

* Mahoney, a top state GOP strategist for nearly a decade. Mahoney, who recently
established Mercury Public Affairs, was on Pataki's political payroll for years
and, in recent months, has taken on government and private-sector clients across
the state as a lobbyist, political consultant, and PR specialist. His estimated
income is more than $1 million a year.

* Michael McKeon, Pataki's former communications director who recently joined
Mercury. He, along with Mahoney, received a $10,000-a-month public-relations
consultant contract from the Pataki-controlled Long Island Power Authority. His
estimated income is more than $250,000-a-year.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              201 of 998 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                           September 5, 1995, Tuesday

Trial Lawyers' Group Has Spent $ 272,676 This Year to Lobby Legislature

BYLINE: By DAVID KLINE

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 473 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO (CAPITOL)


The state's largest association of trial lawyers spent $ 272,676 during the
first quarter of 1995 to lobby state government officials, according to a
lobbying report released Friday by Secretary of State Bill Jones.

The spending by Consumer Attorneys of California, formerly known as the
California Trial Lawyers Association, led that of all other groups within the
legal community.

The trial lawyers' association has been the most vocal opponent of several
Republican-sponsored bills which seek to make it harder for consumers to win
liability suits against businesses, and to cap the amount of money which could
be attained through such suits. Such ""tort reform''  proposals reached the
forefront last year after Republicans gained a majority of seats in the state
Assembly.

Ranking a distant second in legal-community lobbying was the California
Applicants' Attorneys Association, which spent $ 89,361 in early 1995. The
American Civil Liberties Union spent $ 46,202, while the California District
Attorneys Association spent $ 32,644.

The State Bar of California spent $ 14,000 on lobbying during the first three
months of the year, according to the secretary of state's report. This figure,
however, represents only the amount spent to hire outside lobbying firms.

Not included in the State Bar's reported lobbying expenses were the salaries of
the association's two full-time Sacramento lobbyists or their assistants in the
body's Office of Governmental Affairs.

The Los Angeles County Bar Association spent $ 2,000, Jones reported.

Overall, groups representing the legal community spent $ 683,668 to lobby the
state government.

In a sector-by-sector comparison of such spending, the legal community ranked
13th, behind health groups, insurers, educators, the oil industry and others.

Ranking first, according to the secretary of state's report, were government
entities. County governments, transit authorities, redevelopment agencies and
other taxpayer-supported bodies spent $ 4.1 million on lobbying in the first
quarter.

Los Angeles County, for example, spent $ 119,588, while the City of Los Angeles
spent $ 106,239. These figures are expected to be higher in the next lobbying
report, which will cover the months during which Los Angeles officials lobbied
hard, but largely unsuccessfully, for special favors in the state budget.

Jones reported that all together, $ 31.3 million was spent on lobbying the
120-member Legislature and the governor in the first part of this year.

""In most cases, lobbying activity affects every California taxpayer, whether
they realize it or not,'' Jones said in a prepared statement. ""And that's why
it is important to provide this kind of information for public access-they are
entitled to know exactly which areas of interest are being influenced and by
whom.''

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 Metropolitan News Company


                              202 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            August 29, 2000, Tuesday

THE DONALD COMES CLEAN - ADMITS SPENDING 150G ON ADS AGAINST CASINOS

BYLINE: Kenneth Lovett and Fredric U. Dicker Post Correspondents

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 005

LENGTH: 1068 words


ALBANY - Donald Trump revealed for the first time yesterday that he spent at
least $150,000 in unreported lobbying to defeat a proposed Indian casino for the
Catskills.

That's on top of the $300,000 the megadeveloper reported spending on lobbying
activities in the first six months of the year.

Trump lawyer Ed Wallace told The Post he will lay out the Donald's secret
expenditures today during a meeting with the state Lobbying Commission.

Wallace said he will also ask the commission whether polling and other work done
by Trump-hired lobbyist Roger Stone on behalf of a little-known upstate
anti-casino organization constituted lobbying.

If it did, Trump will tally how much was spent on those practices and report the
additional costs as well, he said.

The Post reported last month that the commission was investigating Trump and
others for possible illegal lobbying on casino legislation that went before the
state Legislature this June.

Yesterday, Wallace admitted for the first time that Trump was a major financial
backer of the New York Institute for Law and Society, which had run anti-Indian
casino ads throughout the state.

He said Trump had kept mum about his financial support of the group because he
did not believe the ads constituted lobbying.

A lobbying commission ruling last week, however, said otherwise, and Trump
decided to come clean.

Wallace recently submitted to the commission eight newspaper, radio and
television ads run by the institute in New York this year. The commission told
him seven represented lobbying activities.

He said yesterday the seven ads cost about $150,000 to produce and
"disseminate."

The Donald also spent "significantly" more on ads that ran nationwide urging
Texas Gov. George Bush not to select Gov. Pataki as a GOP running mate because
of his dealings with the Indians. But those are not subject to the state's
lobbying laws.

Wallace's meeting will come just a day after the lawyer for Stone, one of
Trump's top lobbyists, submitted his own paperwork to the commission.

According to three sources, the Stone documents proved Trump signed off on the
ads. The previous "cleaned up" documents submitted by the Trump camp did not
offer such proof.

If Trump is found to have violated the state's lobbying law, he faces a possible
misdemeanor criminal charge and a civil penalty of up to $25,000.

The Post also learned that the commission was looking into calls Trump made to
Assemblymen Roberto Ramirez (D-Bronx) and Alex Gromack (D-Rockland) 72 hours
before a scheduled vote on the casino bill.

Trump also sent campaign contributions to both on the planned day of the vote,
but that by itself does not violate the law.


LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WHAT'S THE LAW? Donald Trump wants to know from a state panel if
polling and other work done for him by Roger Stone (right) on Indian casinos
constitutes lobbying.  AP

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              203 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           September 30, 2008 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

COMPLAINT ALLEGES WMC DIDN'T REPORT UW BUDGET LOBBYING

BYLINE: Steve Elbow

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 364 words


A progressive watchdog group is taking the state's largest business lobby to
task for failing to disclose lobbying activity concerning the University of
Wisconsin's budget.

One Wisconsin Now filed a complaint Tuesday with the state Government
Accountability Board alleging that Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce didn't
disclose lobbying activity a WMC official referred to in an Aug. 20 memo.

The memo, from WMC Vice President for Government Relations James Buchen, was in
response to an article in Madison Magazine written by recently retired
UW-Madison Chancellor John Wiley that was critical of WMC's support of
uncomprisingly partisan Republican legislators.

The second paragraph of Buchen's memo says, "WMC supported the University of
Wisconsin's budget as supported by Gov. Jim Doyle and passed by both houses of
the Legislature. WMC actively lobbied for final passage of the UW budget."

State law requires that lobbyists disclose lobbying activity by subject matter
within 15 days after the lobbying takes place. One Wisconsin Now filed its
complaint after reviewing Government Accountability Board lobbying records and
finding no listing for WMC on issues concerning the University of Wisconsin.

Penalties for failure to file lobbying activity include monetary fines and
lobbying license suspension.

"WMC will have to come clean," said Scot Ross, One Wisconsin Now executive
director. "Did they fail to follow the law, or did they do nothing to help the
UW?"

A WMC spokesman Tuesday said the complaint is "without merit," and WMC's
lobbying efforts were focused on the entire state budget, which included UW
funding.

WMC Tuesday issued a revision to the Aug. 20 memo, which says, "WMC lobbied for
final passage of the state budget that included increased funding for the
University of Wisconsin."

"All of our materials were reported accurately to the Government Accountability
Board and this is just part of an ongoing harassment campaign by One Wisconsin
Now," said WMC spokesman Jim Pugh.

Kyle Richmond, a spokesman for the accountability board, said the board received
One Wisconsin Now's complaint Tuesday. He said the matter would be investigated.

Steven Elbow - 9/30/2008 3:07 pm

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  To view the Web version of the story, go to
http://www.madison.com/tct/news/stories/307185

GRAPHIC: James Buchen

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  Long Island Business News (Long Island, NY)

                             April 15, 2005 Friday

Cablevision Systems leads all Long Island companies in federal lobbying spending

BYLINE: Ken Schachter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 631 words


Cablevision Systems Corp. led all Long Island companies in federal lobbying
spending by doling out $1.86 million over the past six and a half years,
according to a new survey.

The study by the Washington-based Center for Public Integrity found that the
cable provider spent $580,000 during 2003, $160,000 in the first half of 2004
and $1.86 million from 1998 through the first half of 2004. Cablevision's
favorite federal lobbyist was Boston-based Mintz Levin, which received $1.46
million from 1998 through June 2004.

Second on the list of Long Island-based companies was software maker Computer
Associates International, which spent $1.285 million. CA's spending on lobbying,
however, peaked at about $390,000 in 2002, according to the survey, with
negligible outlays in the first half of 2004.

Outstripping both CA and Cablevision in federal spending was defense contractor
EDO Corp. Although EDO's headquarters are in Manhattan, the company has
extensive operations on Long Island. In the six-and-a-half-year period, EDO
spent $2.37 million.

Among New York-based companies overall, however, the Long Island firms' spending
was dwarfed by corporate giants like No. 1 Altria Group, which spent a whopping
$125.3 million during the study's timeframe and No. 2 Verizon Communications,
which spent $105.4 million.

Although Cablevision was ranked No. 83 among New York companies lobbying the
federal government, it ranked No. 1 in a separate study by three public interest
groups in 2004 spending by state lobbyists.

The survey by the New York Public Interest Research Group, Common Cause New York
and the League of Women Voters of New York State found that Cablevision spent
about $22 million, including its Madison Square Garden unit.

Cablevision has been engaged in a bruising battle against the New York Jets'
plans to build a stadium at Manhattan's West Side rail yards. The Metropolitan
Transportation Authority, which owns the rail yards, has accepted the Jets' $720
million bid, but Cablevision is challenging the decision in court.

A Madison Square Garden spokesman noted that the cost of advertisements
involving the stadium issue - including those on Cablevision's own system - are
included in the $22 million lobbying figure. The Jets, based in Hempstead, were
ranked No. 3 in the state, spending $6.8 million.

In federal lobbying, Cablevision has been pressing for a green light from the
Federal Communications Commission on "a la carte" pricing, which would allow
customers to select individual channels they want, rather than choosing from
"tiers" of service.

Other organizations lobbying Washington were schools, including Long Island
University, Adelphi University and the Stony Brook Foundation, and Nassau County
government, which spent $480,000 from 1998 through June 2004 for lobbying firm
Johnson, Madigan, Peck, Boland, Dover & Stewart.

Woodbury-based Intelli-Check Inc., a maker of systems to verify driver licenses
which has yet to turn a yearly profit, spent $420,000 for the
six-and-a-half-year period on Memphis-based Baker, Donelson, Bearman & Caldwell,
the firm of former Senate Majority Leader Howard Baker, according to the report.

Long Island's top federal lobbyist was George Hochbrueckner & Associates, which
had revenue of $2 million from 1998 through June 2004. In the first half of
2004, the firm took in $180,000, according to the report.

Hochbrueckner, who served in Congress from 1987-95, said he was "delighted" to
be ranked No. 1 on Long Island.

He said about 11 client companies pay him a monthly retainer, including defense
contractor Telephonics Corp., based in Farmingdale, and satellite communications
provider Globecomm Corp., based in Hauppauge.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          December 25, 2003, Thursday

YANKEES ARE OFF BASE: LOBBY WATCHDOG

BYLINE: KENNETH LOVETT Post Correspondent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 008

LENGTH: 190 words


ALBANY - The head of the state Lobbying Commission yesterday accused the Yankees
of no longer cooperating with a probe into a team practice of giving free
tickets to public officials.

Lobbying Commission Executive Director David Grandeau said the Yankees had been
cooperating by giving a list of what officials received tickets to games in 2002
and opening day 2003.

But in October, he said, that cooperation stopped. "We're interested in one
thing and one thing only: disclosure," he said. "That hasn't happened the last
few months." Failure to report the gift-giving to public officials, even if they
don't exceed the $75 legal limit, violates state lobbying law.

The Post reported earlier the Lobbying Commission believes it has evidence to
find the Yankees guilty of twice filing inaccurate lobbying expense reports - an
offense carrying a $100,000 fine. The panel sent subpoenas to Yankee owner
George Steinbrenner, team president Randy Levine and Lonn Trost, the team's
chief operating officer.

The Yankees maintain giving the tickets out was not lobbying and deny they
aren't cooperating with the Lobbying Commission .

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              206 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            March 8, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Brown lobbies state for more aid;
Urges consideration of city over county

BYLINE: By Tom Precious - NEWS ALBANY BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1017 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


Buffalo Mayor Byron Brown, backed by a new lobbying team that includes a firm in
which former Mayor Anthony Masiello is a partner, spent Tuesday at the Capitol
urging state officials to steer money to the city -- and away from Erie County.

Brown made the rounds to legislators pushing a plan to re-direct to the city
much of a $20 million package Gov. George E. Pataki has proposed mostly for Erie
County. A separate effort was to ensure future revenue-sharing money from a
planned Seneca Nation casino in Buffalo go to the city and not be divided with
the county.

Brown's lobbying pitch is certain to heighten tension between City Hall and the
Rath Building, where Erie County Executive Joel A. Giambra is busy trying to
secure any additional state funding he can to help with the county's ongoing
fiscal problems.

Giambra declined to comment Tuesday evening.

The mayor also spent the day asking for a $40 million package from the state for
various economic development efforts in the city, including a $5 million program
designed to lure middle- and upper-income people to live in Buffalo. He said the
program, if funded, would at first target employees of the city police and fire
departments, as well as teachers, to try to get more to reside in Buffalo
instead of the suburbs.

Brown, a former state senator, was accompanied in Albany by members of two
lobbying firms that officials on Tuesday announced the city has hired for a
total of $72,000 this year. One of the firms is Government Action Professionals,
whose partners includes Masiello and former members of the Giambra
administration.

The hiring by Brown of his predecessor did not go unnoticed in Albany's
tight-knit lobbying community. "Based on his knowledge of the city and based on
that he was in the State Senate for 12 years, his involvement as part of that
firm can only be helpful," Brown said of the former mayor.

The lobbying contracts will pay Masiello's firm $2,500 per month; much of the
lobbying by the firm for the city will be done by Victor Farley, a former county
Republican Party chairman who has done lobbying for both the county and city
over the years.

The city will also pay $3,500 per month to Hinman Straub, a major Albany
lobbying firm, whose newest lobbyist is Janet Penksa. Her past jobs have
included running the government affairs office at the University at Buffalo and
serving as the top staffer for the Assembly Ways and Means Committee. Penksa
until recently also served as a member of the Erie County control board.

The city is pushing an ambitious lobbying package before the state. The

governor proposed a $20 million pot for the county and city, with $18 million of
that going to Erie County. But the Brown administration wants the city to get
the larger share.

Brown outlined $19 million worth of plans for that pot of money if the state
went along with his request, including $2.5 million for a new 311 complaint line
for residents; $1 million for a global positioning system for city vehicles to
track things like speed, location and other data; a $3 million software program
designed to improve efficiency of city agencies; and $1.7 million for 2,000 new
parking meters that work on a debit card-type system.

In addition, the city wants the state to embrace a plan put forward by the
Democratic-controlled Assembly to provide $26 million in additional aid for the
city; Pataki has proposed a $12 million increase.

Looking at the funding fight in Niagara Falls that has left proceeds from the
Seneca Niagara Casino for the local community there unspent for two years
because of fighting among state legislators, local officials and the Pataki
administration, Brown is also looking for a bill from the state to officially
declare Buffalo as the host community for the planned Seneca casino in the city.

As Niagara County has done in the past, Erie County is likely to try to lay
claim to a share of the Seneca casino proceeds. But Brown said all the
revenue-sharing money belongs to the city. He said the revenues are not expected
to be huge -- between $5 million to $7 million per year. "And if you spread that
among two municipalities you lose the impact of any money at all," he said.

The city, he said, will face infrastructure costs, as well as additional police
and fire expenses that a casino in the city will create. "It will put certain
pressure and stresses on the city," he said explaining his push for legislation
now to identify Buffalo as the beneficiary of any future money from the casino.

Under terms of the tribe's deal with the state, the Senecas will turn over 25
percent of the annual slot machine revenues to the state, which in turn will
transfer 25 percent to a casino's host community. Brown said the city would use
the money for economic development and housing projects and to create an
earmarked fund for cultural groups.

The $40 million capital program Brown is proposing includes the $5 million loan
program for middle and upper income individuals who are first-time homebuyers in
the city. Based on a similar program once tried on the West Side, the program
would write off 20 percent of a loan -- used to pay for a home's down payment --
for every year the recipient remains in their Buffalo house, so that if they
stay in the home for five years the loan is completely forgiven.

Brown said the program aims "to attract more middle- and upper-income residents
to help stabilize the city and its tax base."

Also included in the $40 million request is $15 million to help the city
demolish some of its 16,000 abandoned buildings.

The city says it costs $10,000 to demolish every abandoned residence and up to
$1 million for industrial demolitions. Another $10 million from the fund request
would permit the city to purchase land in the city to get it shovel-ready for
development; Brown cited areas around the Buffalo Niagara Medical Campus, Main
Street and inner harbor as possible acquisition sites. Another $10 million is
being requested to help the city finance downtown development projects,
including demolition work, parking and infrastructure improvements.

e-mail: tprecious@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News


                              207 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             June 30, 2015 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

HARBIN WILL RESIGN FROM LEGISLATURE;
LAWMAKER WILL LEAVE SOON FOR LOBBYING JOB

BYLINE:  STEVE CRAWFORD  STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 655 words


Ben Harbin, who has represented Columbia County in the Georgia Legislature for
20 years, said Monday he would resign next month to take a position with
Southern Strategy Group, a Columbia-based lobbying group with offices in
Florida, Louisiana, Alabama, Kentucky, North Carolina and Atlanta.

Harbin, 51, said that he's not happy about leaving office in the middle of his
term, but that he has to place the needs of his family first.

"My wife and I have talked a lot about what we need to do and it was a difficult
decision, but it is for the best," he said. "For my family, it is the right move
at this time."

Harbin said he has told Gov. Nathan Deal and House Speaker David Ralston that
his resignation will be effective July 7.

Georgia law prohibits ex-lawmakers from lobbying their former colleagues for at
least a year after leaving office. Harbin said he will work as a consultant with
the firm for the next 12 months.

"Right now I won't do any lobbying. I will be a consultant and work on, well,
health care is one of the areas they have always worked on," Harbin said of
Southern Strategy Group.

Harbin said his relationship with the firm goes back many years. Most recently
they helped shepherd a bill through the Legislature that requires insurers to
provide up to $30,000 per year in coverage for children 6 and younger who are
diagnosed with autism.

"These are people I've known for a long time and I know them very well," he
said. "They are good folks; they don't work for anyone

shady and they are very well-respected."

Harbin said he would understand how some might be critical of his sudden move
into a lucrative job with a lobbying firm, especially before his term ends.

"I get that and that is a fair assessment," he said. "I hope the kind of clients
that we represent will be in the best interest of the general public. That's the
way I tried to vote in my 20 years, I always tried to vote for my district, and
I want to take that perspective with me to the clients I represent and try to
make sure that the good guys are winning."

Having served under four governors and five House speakers, Harbin said he was
proud of his record serving Columbia County.

"After 20 years, you think what all did we do, what have I done?" he said.
"There's a lot of little things that wouldn't matter and a lot of big things
that I'm proud of."

For many years Harbin served as the chairman of the powerful House
Ap-pro-pria-tions Committee, which held the state's purse strings. Harbin said
he used that position to bring a new dental school building to Augusta's medical
college campus, which helped secure the future of Georgia Regents University.

"I think that was a big play at the time to keep the governor at that time,
(Sonny) Perdue, from moving MCG to Athens, which I don't know how serious a
threat

that was, but it was a threat," he said.

The chairmanship was also instrumental in guiding the state through some

of its leanest economic times in history.

"During the biggest economic downturn we ever saw, I was the chair that balanced
the budget without raising taxes, every year for about five years," he said.
"That's probably, if you ask, the biggest statewide thing I'm proud of."

Harbin said he worked hard for his constituents at home in District 122,
bringing a satellite campus of Augusta Tech to Grovetown, among other things.

"I helped lead the charge that created the countywide chair for the school board
and the county commission," he said. "We took it to the voters, and they agreed
with us."

Harbin said although he will have an office in Atlanta he intends to remain a
resident of Evans and continue to work for the community in the private sector.

"It is the right decision for us at this time," he said. "I think my
constituents will understand, this is not the way that I wanted to go, but I
have to for the sake of my family. It is their time."

Reach Steve Crawford at (706) 868-1222

or steve.crawford@augustachronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2015 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            February 12, 2006 Sunday
                                 Idaho Edition

State lawmakers target lobbying;
Proposal in Senate would include;
talks with all holders of public office

BYLINE: Meghann M. Cuniff Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 565 words

DATELINE: BOISE


A North Idaho senator is co-sponsoring a bipartisan bill that would add more
transparency to legislative lobbying by clarifying what lobbying is and which
conversations lobbyists are required to report.

"The general public realizes that there are lobbying efforts going on at all
levels of government," said Sen. Shawn Keough, R-Sandpoint. "They expect that
sunshine is shining on those efforts."

Senate Bill 1365 changes existing law to say that lobbyist conversations about
legislation with all holders of public office - such as the governor, attorney
general and secretary of state - must be reported, rather than conversations
with only legislators. A hearing for the bill will be held before the Senate
State Affairs Committee on Monday.

"The governor signs all the bills," said Sen. Kate Kelly, D-Boise, another bill
backer. "People lobby him, too, and it's appropriate that they should be
reporting that."

Three members of Senate GOP leadership are co-sponsors of the bill.

Kelly said incidents last year with former state Sen. Jack Noble, who resigned
last year on the verge of a Senate vote to expel him for ethics violations, and
with Gov. Dirk Kempthorne encouraged her to look into ways of improving
government transparency.

"I don't want to appear to be making any allegations, but there's bills
obviously coming (from Kempthorne's desk) that have to do with people who are
involved in campaigns and lobbying," Kelly said.

Kempthorne's spokesman, Mike Journee, said the governor has many conversations
with many people about a variety of legislative topics.

"I don't know if the governor considers those conversations lobbying or not,"
Journee said.

The governor's office hasn't looked at SB 1365 yet, but Journee said Kempthorne
is open to the legislation.

"The governor is eager to talk, to deliberate on those issues. We'll let the
legislative process work," Journee said.

Kelly said the bill is not in response to a recent incident regarding
Kempthorne's former chief of staff, Phil Reberger.

Reberger recently registered as a lobbyist after the secretary of state's office
opened a formal investigation into whether he was acting as a lobbyist for
Unisys Corp., the Virginia-based company recently awarded a contract with the
state to begin managing state Medicaid claims in 2008.

At the time, Reberger wasn't registered as a lobbyist.

Kelly said the incident merely raised awareness about an already pressing issue.

Sen. David Langhorst, D-Boise, echoed that comment.

"Believe me when I tell you this wasn't geared at any individual," Langhorst
said.

Senate Majority Leader Bart Davis of Idaho Falls, Assistant Majority Leader Joe
Stegner of Lewiston and Majority Caucus Chairman Brad Little of Emmett joined
Keough, Langhorst and Kelly in sponsoring the bill.

Langhorst said the bill's bipartisan support increases its chances of passing,
but he added, "Don't underestimate how hard it is to get ethics legislation
passed up here."

The changes in SB 1365 are matched by current law in many other states, Kelly
said.

"It's not like we're on the cutting edge or anything," she said.

Keough said the bill is just one of many the Legislature will look at this
session regarding ethics and transparency.

"We have a great system of government, and part of keeping our system of
government alive and healthy is making sure that everything's out in the light
of day," Keough said.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Meghann M. Cuniff can be reached toll-free at (866) 336-2854 or by e-mail
at meghann.cuniff@gmail.com.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              209 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 6, 1994, Tuesday, Final Edition

Lockheed-Martin's Strengths: Missiles, Jets, Lobbying Clout

John Mintz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE C1; BIZ; DEFENSE

LENGTH: 1039 words


If the proposed merger of Martin Marietta Corp.  and Lockheed Corp.  proceeds as
planned, the new outfit would not only be the world's largest defense company,
but also arguably the most politically powerful.

The two firms weren't exactly lobbying layabouts before, but combined it would
have facilities in many large states and allies in many of Congress's biggest
delegations.

In briefing papers the companies have sent to reporters and government
officials, they suggested that the jobs of many of their 170,000 workers depend
on the deal's approval by the Federal Trade Commission.  Enclosed was a map of
the United States pinpointing their facilities, hinting at how massive Lockheed
Martin's clout would be.

"It would be a one-of-a-kind company" in lobbying power, said an executive of a
defense industry association. "The government won't let anything happen to
them."

Before the deal, Martin Marietta had only a small work force in California, and
angered some in the state's congressional delegation by moving thousands of
rocket-building jobs from San Diego to Denver. After the deal, Lockheed Martin
would have 27,600 jobs in California, plus 19,500 jobs in Texas and 1,200 in
South Carolina, two other states where Martin had little representation.
(Lockheed's South Carolina facilities may be key because the incoming Republican
chairmen of the House and Senate armed services committees both come from
there.)

Before the transaction, Lockheed had a minimal presence in the mid-Atlantic
states. The new firm would have 7,400 employees in Pennsylvania, plus 7,700 in
New Jersey and 8,500 in New York, mostly Martin Marietta workers.

Asked whether Lockheed Martin would be a lobbying behemoth, a ranking Lockheed
executive said maybe yes, maybe no.

In an age when defense firms are arguing they need work to make up for deep
Pentagon budget cuts, "you lose the pity factor" if you're too big, he said.
"Size works against you."

THERE'S A CELESTIAL IRONY in the Lockheed Martin deal.

For years Martin Marietta Chairman Norman R. Augustine has warned that the
Russian and Chinese space industries were going to kill the U.S. rocket business
by undercutting the prices charged by U.S. firms, such as Martin, to build and
launch satellites.

"We object to any launch vehicle that doesn't price according to market forces,"
Augustine said last year. "You'll see [U.S.] people laid off by the thousands,"
especially if the Pentagon decides to launch satellites on Russian rockets.
"It'll drive the rest of us out of business."

But now Martin Marietta is engaged to merge with a company, Lockheed, that last
year struck a deal to become the worldwide marketer of Russia's huge Proton
rocket. Lockheed also is trying to persuade the U.S. government to buy launch
services from the Russians.

So what does Augustine say now?

"This shows the two companies are competitors now, not partners," Augustine
said. "We just say the U.S. government ought to think hard" before placing
government satellites aboard cheap Russian rockets.

In any case, he said, the merged firm can find "an equitable solution" on the
issue.

SOON A PIECE of Defense Secretary William Perry's history will be no more.

In 1964, mathematician Perry founded a firm in California that specializes in
the complex software used by spy satellites and planes that scan the skies for
conversations and electronic bleeps to be tape recorded. The den in Perry's home
was the firm's first office.

He sold the firm, ESL Inc., to TRW Inc.  in 1978. Now comes word that TRW will
drop the ESL name and fold the 2,000-employee unit into the TRW Avionics &
Surveillance Group to cut costs.

Perry's old ties haven't helped his former firm, since TRW's spy satellite
contracts have been drastically cut. Over the last year, Robert J. Kohler, vice
president of that TRW group and a former Central Intelligence Agency official,
has said cuts by the CIA and the Pentagon's National Reconnaissance Office (NRO)
put satellite-building firms like his in dire jeopardy.

"This is not a restructuring or downsizing," Kohler said in an interview, in
which he also praised Perry personally. "This is outright dismemberment of the
industrial base that has supported this country in intelligence."

"Thousands are laid off in industry, yet the numbers in government remain
relatively the same," said Kohler in an earlier statement. "Programs start, stop
and sometimes start and stop several times," added Kohler, the only satellite
industry executive to speak so bluntly. "Today the 'word' of NRO is no longer
honored in industry."

THE UPCOMING WEDDING of Lockheed and Martin has prompted a spate of romances
among defense firms considering purchasing or merging with one another.

The dream dates that various suitors are angling to get close to include
E-Systems Inc., United Technologies Corp.'s Sikorsky Aircraft, and the defense
divisions of TRW, Boeing Co., Unisys Corp.  and ITT Corp.

Among the rumored suitors are McDonnell Douglas Corp.  (which survived a severe
cash flow crisis two years ago, and now has the cash to go shopping again), GM
Hughes Electronics Corp.  and Loral Corp.

All the firms declined comment, although in the past TRW has said it doesn't
want to sell. An ITT spokesman added, "We've been having discussions with
parties on the acquisition and divestiture front."

Loral's chairman, the ever-acquisitive Bernard Schwartz, said recently he's
"absolutely" searching for new purchases, less than a year after his $ 1.5
billion deal to buy IBM's Federal Systems division.

"We're going to continue that strategy as much as possible," he said. And who's
he dating now?

"We've been rumored to be dancing with Litton, ITT, Westinghouse, E-Systems and
everybody on the screen," he said. "It's just speculation. I wish some of it
were true."


CAPTION:SPREADING THE WORK

WHERE LOCKHEED-MARTIN JOBS WOULD BE CONCENTRATED

California: 27,600

Colo.: 7,300

Florida: 15,500

Georgia: 12,500

Kentucky: 2,100

Louisiana: 2,400

Mass.: 2,200

Md.: 4,300

N.C.: 2,000

N.H.: 4,700

N.J.: 7,700

N.Y.: 8,500

New Mexico: 8,700

Ohio: 3,100

Pa.: 7,400

S.C.: 1,200

Tennessee: 18,600

Texas: 19,500

Va.: 4,000


SOURCE: Martin Marietta Corp.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, TWP

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              210 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Alamogordo Daily News (New Mexico)

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Tie vote stalls lobbyist disclosure bill

BYLINE: By Steve Terrell The New Mexican

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 666 words


SANTA FE &GT;&GT; In a straight party-line vote, a bill that would have required
more information from legislative lobbyists and the people who hire them stalled
Monday in the House Regulatory and Public Affairs Committee.

All three Democrats on the committee voted to give a "do pass" recommendation to
House Bill 155, sponsored by Rep. Jeff Steinborn, D-Las Cruces. All three
Republicans present voted no. A majority vote of those present is needed to pass
a bill out of a committee.

Steinborn told the committee that his intention was to make the lobbying process
more transparent and to make public the full amount of money being spent on
lobbying. Under current law he said, he said, the public only learns about money
spent on "food and campaign contributions."

His bill would have made public the amount that lobbyists receive as
compensation for their lobbying. According to a 2011 study by the Institute on
Money in State Politics, most states already have this requirement.

Congressional lobbyists also have to disclose their salaries.

But committee Chairwoman Yvette Herrell, R-Alamogordo, said the bill was an
example of "government overreach" and was asking for "too much information."

Steinborn's bill also would have:

Required lobbyists to disclose the issue for which the lobbyist was working for
or against. This is required in 30 states, according to the Washington,
D.C.-based Sunlight Foundation.

Required lobbyists or their employers to list each recipient   i.e., individual
legislators   stating the amount spent on food, beverages, entertainment, gifts,
campaign contributions, etc., and a description of each expenditure. Lobbyist
reports frequently are vague and don't list the individual lawmakers taken out
for meals or drinks.

Required lobbyists' employers to file two estimated lobbying expense reports
each year to include both estimated and actual expenses incurred through
lobbying activity.

Required registration and expenditure statements and lobbying expense reports to
be posted on the Secretary of State's website in searchable and downloadable
formats at least monthly throughout the year and as expeditiously as possible
when the Legislature is in session. Currently, lobbyists have to report their
expenditures only twice a year and within two days of spending $500 or more
during a legislative session.

Required reports to be preserved online for at least 10 years.

Increased the lobbyist registration fee to $50 from $25 a year for each of the
lobbyists' employers.

Viki Harrison, executive director of New Mexico Common Cause, spoke in favor of
the bill. She noted that her organization paid for a poll, released last month,
that showed 89 percent of New Mexicans surveyed support legislation to require
lobbyists to disclose the bills they are supporting or opposing. Only 8 percent
thought such a bill was a bad idea. The idea had wide support among Democrats,
Republicans and independents in all corners of the state, she said.

The same poll showed that 64 percent of New Mexicans surveyed believe that
elected officials in the state are more responsive to lobbyists than to voters.
Only 19 percent said they believe elected officials are more responsive to
voters.

Only one lobbyist testified at Monday's hearing. Bryan Waschter, senior vice
president of the New Mexico Retailers Association, said his organization lobbies
for dozens of bills and that reporting each one could be cumbersome.

Kari Fresquez, ethics director for the Secretary of State's Office, told the
committee that her office wasn't opposing the bill, but she said the added
reporting requirements would cost money. "The bill needs an appropriation," she
said.

Harrison said after the meeting that even though the bill appears to be dead,
she "will be talking to committee members and seeing if we can get it pulled off
the table. Maybe a few amendments if Rep. Steinborn and the committee can agree
on something."

Contact Steve Terrell at 986-3037 or http://tinyurl.com/roundhouseroundup.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo by Santa Fe New Mexican State Rep. Jeff Steinborn, D-Las Cruces,
presents a bill to restrict lobbying Monday in the House Regulatory and Public
Affairs Committee. The bill was tabled on a party-line vote

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 Alamogordo Daily News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 5, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

What's New in Lobbying;
THE CANADIAN CONNECTION

BYLINE: By David Shribman

SECTION: Section 3; Page 15, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 464 words


In the past year, as the recession lingered and as protectionist forces grew in
Congress, a vigorous new lobbying effort has emerged from an unlikely source:
Canada.

As the nation's largest trading partner and closest ally, Canada has always had
an economic interest in political developments on the other side of the 49th
parallel. Only recently, however, has Canada established an important presence
on Capitol Hill, where each session hundreds of bills have a potential effect on
that nation's 24 million people.

''This is a new effort,'' said Marc Lortie, spokesman for the Canadian Embassy.
''We have to protect our interests on the Hill.'' Canadian Embassy officials are
reluctant to describe their activities as ''lobbying,'' preferring to call them
''information gathering'' and ''information distribution.'' Even so, Canadian
officials have publicly decided to step up their efforts on Capitol Hill and
have sought to visit every member of Congress whose district borders on Canada.
Meanwhile, Canadian officials have decided to funnel $650,000 of government
funds to hire consultants and lobbying experts to protect Canadian interests.

In recent months, those interests have included proposals for domestic-content
legislation in the auto industry, action on the problem of acid rain, responses
to Canada's energy policies and various other trade issues.

Because the United States and Canada share a 3,000-mile border, Canadian
interests often run parallel to the interests of certain groups of Americans,
and the Canadian lobbying strategy is to capitalize on those shared interests.

''Nobody in Congress is going to support the interests of a foreign nation over
the interests of a colleague,'' said Jeremy Kinsman, the Embassy's political
minister. ''So we try to identify areas of the American economy that would be
hurt by punitive legislation against us.''

Canadian officials, for example, have stressed the implications of acid rain, a
form of air pollution, on the economies of New York State and New Hampshire as
part of their effort to encourage the United States to take steps to curb acid
rain.

The effort is complicated, however, by the multitude of domestic American issues
that have a bearing on Canada and by the complex set of totems and taboos that
animate Congress. ''There is no party discipline, there is no uniform
command-and-response structure to Congress,'' said a Canadian official. ''And
all of the action of Congress takes place in an atmosphere of logrolling,'' he
said, referring to the practice by which local legislators cooperate with one
another. ''It is a dangerous situation for us.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: drawing

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              212 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 10, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

THE TRANSITION;
Clinton Team Issues 5-Year Lobby Ban

BYLINE: By GWEN IFILL,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 19; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1083 words

DATELINE: LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Dec. 9


President-elect Bill Clinton's transition team today proposed a five-year ban on
lobbying by senior political appointees after they leave the Government.

The proposals released today by Mr. Clinton's transition director, Warren M.
Christopher, would also ban officials from lobbying as agents of a foreign
government for life and would especially bar Government trade negotiators from
going to work for any foreign governments or businesses for five years after
leaving the Administration.

Mr. Christopher and other transition officials characterized the new plan, which
would be accomplished through executive order once Mr. Clinton takes office, as
the fulfillment of a campaign promise that would "signal a clear break with
existing practice."

Transition aides also said today that Donna Shalala, the chancellor of the
University of Wisconsin, had emerged as Mr. Clinton's top choice for Secretary
of Health and Human Services. Ms. Shalala is one of several women whom Mr.
Clinton is likely to name to Cabinet posts, but the job has not been formally
offered to Ms. Shalala and is not expected to be included in the first round of
Cabinet announcements on Thursday.

Mr. Clinton's proposals were warmly received among Washington professionals who
have lobbied for stricter lobbying and fund raising regulations for the
executive branch and Congress.

Some Loopholes Remain

Fred Wertheimer, the President of Common Cause, a public interest lobbying
group, said the proposals were "unprecedented," and "represent a real
breakthrough in the effort to deal with the revolving door problem."

But there were also some loopholes that transition officials acknowledged they
were unable to close. Foreign service officers, scientists and technical
personnel and former officials who go to work in other Federal, state or local
government jobs would be excluded. The rules could be rescinded by a different
President, and the lifetime ban, in particular, might be difficult to enforce.
But Clinton aides said today that the President-elect went as far as he believed
he could to stiffen restrictions without scaring away potential cabinet
appointees.

The restrictions, included in a pledge that each affected appointee would have
to sign before accepting a position, would affect 1,100 Government officials,
including 700 Presidential appointees who are subject to Senate confirmation,
and those paid more than $104,000 a year.

Current Federal law, which would remain in effect, forbids 3,500 senior
officials, including career employees, from lobbying the Government for one year
after they leave.

Transition officials said those bound by the pledge would range from cabinet
officers to the general counsel and deputy assistant secretaries within each
department.

"In drafting these pledges, we of course have sought to balance the need for
reform with the desire to attract the very best people into government," Mr.
Christopher said at a news conference today. "We believe that these new changes
properly reconcile these goals."

Mr. Christopher also said Mr. Clinton would like to see Congress strengthen its
own ethics laws, as well as pass campaign finance reform legislation. But he
said Mr. Clinton would not necessarily expend political capital to lobby for
such legislative changes immediately.

And he said the new ethics rules, drawn up by a team of lawyers and completed
only late Tuesday night, would not discourage the kinds of candidates Mr.
Clinton hopes to attract.

"It's possible to imagine that people who are in Washington and had intended to
go in government for a short time and then come back out and practice will be
discouraged by that, or appear in Washington as lobbyists," Mr. Christopher
said. "That's exactly the kind of vice we're trying to get at, and if some of
those people are excluded, I would think that really is the price of these
rules, and we think it's a fair price to pay.'

Mr. Christopher said that no one who is being interviewed for top cabinet jobs
has indicated that they would refuse to sign the pledge.

White House officials whose responsibilities cover a broad number of areas would
be excluded from the ban. When they left Government employment, Mr. Christopher
said, they would be expected to ask for and receive an opinion on what agencies
they could or could not work with or for.

In addition, a former employee of one Federal department could return in another
capacity to lobby another department after only one year. A five-year ban would
apply for employees who sought to lobby the departments that had employed them.

"This is not the be all and end all," said Michael Waldman, a member of the
transition communications staff who is the former director of Public Citizen's
Congress Watch, an organization that has worked on behalf of stronger ethics
laws. "There are other reforms that we need. This is an extremely important
first step."

Mr. Christopher said the President-elect was seeking to tighten rules without
denying those who work for the Government the opportunity to practice their
craft once they leave. A government lawyer, for example, would still be able to
practice law, but not act as a lobbyist on behalf of a client seeking to do
business with the agency he represented.

Possible Punishment

Transition officials said they would enforce the provisions of the pledge by
holding the Administration officials who violate it subject to an extension of
the ban or arranging to recover a portion of the proceeds the violator earns and
direct it to the Treasury.

The lawyers who drafted Mr. Clinton's ethics package said they did not devise
the restrictions with a particular set of abuses in mind. The Reagan and Bush
Administrations have suffered embarrassment because of "revolving door" scandals
affecting former employees at the White House, the Pentagon and the Department
of Housing and Urban Development.

At H.U.D., a number of former senior officials who were appointed by President
Ronald Reagan have been indicted, charged with using their influence to steer
Federal contracts to individuals during their tenure and in the period after
they left.

"Obviously, there have been excesses in past Administrations," said Harold
Ickes, a Clinton transition adviser who helped draft the new rules.

Mr. Christopher added, "Governor Clinton felt the balance was very strongly in
trying to cleanse the government processes and insure that you would not have
the kind of vices of the past.'

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Warren M. Christopher, head of the transition, announcing
guidelines that would affect appointees after they left the Administration;
George Stephanopoulos, President-elect Bill Clinton's director of
communications, listened yesterday to a briefing on the new ethics guidelines by
the transition team at the Old State House in Little Rock, Ark. (Associated
Press)

Chart: "Setting Ethics Guidelines"

FIVE-YEAR BAN ON LOBBYING

Clinton/Gore Pledge: Senior noncareer employees will be bared from lobbying
their former department or agency for five years. Senior Executive Office of the
President employees will be banned for five years from lobbying any employee at
any Federal department or agency on issues with which they had substantial
personal responsibility

Current Federal Law: Senior employees are prohibited from lobbying their former
deparment or agency for one year. This rule applies to all senior employees,
including those not covered by the five-year ban. Only bans certain senior
employees from lobbying certain other top employees in any department or agency.


FOREIGN AGENTS REGISTRATION ACT

Clinton/Gore Pledge: Senior employees will be subject to a lifetime ban on
representing foreign governments and foreign political parties.

Current Federal Law: Bans senior and very senior officals from representing,
aiding, or advising a foreign political party or foreign government for one year
in any matter before any department or agency of the Federal government.

FIVE-YEAR BAN FOR TRADE NEGOTIATORS

Clinton/Gore Pledge: Senior noncareer trade negotiators will be barred from
representing, aiding, or advising foreign political parties, governments and
companies.

Current Federal Law: Bans the next U.S. Trade Representative from representing,
aiding, or advising a foreign political party or foreign government for three
years. Prohibits for one year any former official, who has participated in any
ongoing trade negotiation, and who had access to non-public information
concerning that trade negotiation, from representing, aiding, or advising any
other individual concerning the ongoing trade or treay negotiation. (Source:
Office of the Clinton Transition)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              213 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 6, 2000, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Trump and Others Accept Fines For Ads in Opposition to Casinos

BYLINE: By CHARLES V. BAGLI

SECTION: Section B; Page 8; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 582 words


Donald J. Trump and his associates have agreed to pay $250,000 in fines and to
issue a public apology because they failed to disclose to the state lobbying
commission that he had secretly financed newspaper advertisements opposing
casino gambling in the Catskills.

The settlement is expected to be ratified at the Nov. 13 meeting of the New York
Temporary State Commission on Lobbying, unless investigators unearth new
information about Mr. Trump's lobbying activities in New York. It would be the
largest civil penalty ever imposed by the commission.

Although there would be no admission of wrongdoing on Mr. Trump's part, he has
agreed to spend $50,000 on advertising acknowledging that he had paid for seven
ads that appeared last spring under the name of the Institute for Law and
Society, an anti-gambling group in Rome, N.Y.

According to several people who have seen the terms of the tentative settlement,
Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts would pay $50,000; Mr. Trump's lobbyist, Roger
Stone, would pay $100,000; and the institute would pay $100,000.

The settlement was reported yesterday by The Times Union of Albany.

"It's been settled," Mr. Trump said. "We're happy it all worked out nicely."

Mr. Trump has long feared that competition in the Catskills would undermine the
gambling industry in Atlantic City, where he owns three casinos. In the first
six months of this year, Mr. Trump reported spending $303,856 to lobby state
legislators against gambling and a proposed Indian casino in Monticello, 90
miles northwest of New York City.

But the commission contended that Mr. Trump also should have indicated in his
lobbying reports that he had spent another $150,000 on the newspaper ads. Mr.
Trump gave the money to Mr. Stone, who created and placed the ads, which
criticized Gov. George E. Pataki and highlighted the criminal history of some
members of the St. Regis Mohawk tribe.

Mr. Trump vowed yesterday to continue to campaign against gambling in the
Catskills and other areas of New York. "It will destroy the progress that's been
made in New York City," he said. "It will drain money out of the city. Instead
of buying cars and apartments, they'll be spending money at the casinos."

Mr. Trump said he also continues to provide financial support for a lawsuit
challenging Governor Pataki's authority to approve Indian casinos without a vote
by the State Legislature. In August, the Appellate Division of the State Supreme
Court reinstated the suit.

Indian tribes own two casinos in New York. Last April, the United States
Interior Department approved a plan by the Mohawks and Catskill Development to
build a third casino in Monticello. But that project came to a standstill after
the Mohawks abruptly abandoned their longtime partner and signed a new deal with
Park Place Entertainment, the largest casino company in the world.

Mr. Trump's dispute with the lobbying commission centered not on his opposition
to the casinos, but on his failure to disclose all his lobbying activities. Mr.
Trump's lawyers contended that the ads constituted free speech rather than
lobbying, and did not require disclosure.

Yesterday, Mr. Trump's lawyers said it was cheaper to settle than to litigate,
although they still disagreed with the commission.

"We have agreed to make full disclosure and amend our filings in accordance with
the commission's view of what constitutes lobbying," said Judd Burstein, a
lawyer for Mr. Stone. "We don't agree, but we're acquiescing."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              214 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 25, 1993 Tuesday

Mexico lobbying for NAFTA   Bankrolling heavyweights in $15-milllion   annual
campaign to sell deal in U.S.

BYLINE: BOB DAVIS; WSJ

LENGTH: 1358 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


BY BOB DAVIS
The Wall Street Journal
 Gregory N. Racz contributed to this article.
  WASHINGTON
 Critics of the North American free-trade agreement charge that under the
trade accord, Mexico will snatch U.S. jobs. But Mexico has already set off
a boom in at least one U.S. industry - lobbying.

Mexico is bankrolling a campaign across the United States to sell the
trade accord, and Mexico, to Americans. Crafting and carrying out the
campaign is an impressive lineup of political heavyweights, including
former U.S. trade representative William Brock; Toney Anaya and Jerry
Apodaca, past governors of New Mexico; former Commerce Department trade
chief Robert Herzstein; and retired Navy secretary Edward Hidalgo.

According to Justice Department records, Mexico's government and
business interests have hired no fewer than 24 lobbying, public relations
and law firms to negotiate and promote the trade pact, at an annual cost
of about $15-million (U.S.). The campaign has been in high gear since
1991, and may run up a total tab of $45-million by the end of this year.

Charles Lewis, executive director of the Center for Public Integrity,
which tracks lobbying, says the effort may be the single-biggest foreign
lobbying campaign ever. "With Mexico hiring a large number of former
officials," he says, "it can look like they're trying to buy the treaty."

And that's the problem. Trade pact supporters are beginning to worry
that the blitz could backfire by creating the impression that the
trilateral accord is more in Mexico's interest than in the United States'.

For his part, Ross Perot, a tireless adversary of the accord, recently
lectured a Senate committee: "Never forget the huge lobbying effort that
Mexico is making."

If the foreign lobbying, rather than the merits of the trade accord,
capture the limelight, "it could be a disaster," warns Harry Freeman, who
lobbies on trade issues for big U.S. companies.

Meanwhile, U.S. supporters of the accord, including U.S. President Bill
Clinton, have been less well organized. And U.S. opponents, led by labour
unions and environmental groups, are making an impact by arguing that the
pact would cost U.S. jobs and undermine environmental standards.

The accord would phase out tariffs among the United States, Canada and
Mexico over 15 years. Many economists project all three countries would
gain from the accord, but Mexico should gain the most because the pact
guarantees continued access to the huge U.S. market and encourages
investment south of the border.

Herman von Bertrab, an urbane Mexican businessman who runs the Mexican
embassy's operations in support of the accord, arranges to work the power
corridors in Washington while at the same time building a pro-accord
Hispanic bloc around the country.

U.S. public relations firms help to line up speaking engagements for
Mexican officials throughout the United States, law firms analyze
specifics in the trade deal and its various side agreements, and former
government officials map the larger strategy. Congressional lobbyists work
Capitol Hill.

Is Mexico overdoing it? Mr. von Bertrab doesn't think so. "We gained an
understanding of how this system worked," he says. "Lobbyists are a
necessary evil in the U.S."

Every Monday, Mexico's five main congressional lobbying firms meet at
Mr. von Bertrab's office to divvy up work.

The lobbyists are nothing if not persistent. In the first half of last
year, for example, one Mexican lobbyist, former House representative
William Ratchford, conferred 15 times with John Scheibel, an aide to
Representative Sam Gejdenson, a Connecticut Democrat who heads a trade
subcommittee, Justice Department records show. But Mr. Ratchford is no
longer lobbying on the issue. Instead, he's taken a job in the Clinton
administration as lobbyist for the General Services Administration.

Indeed, Mexico has become so taken with U.S.-style lobbying that a
Mexican business alliance, Coordinacion Empresarial para el Acuerdo de
Libre Comercio or Coece, paid a former U.S. trade official, Tim Bennett,
to lobby Mexico's negotiators during negotiations with the United States
on the accord. Three years before signing with Coece, Mr. Bennett was the
U.S. trade representative's chief Mexico negotiator.

Mexico has appointed four former U.S. officials as senior advisers to
work out strategy: Mr. Brock, the former U.S. trade representative who
also has been a U.S. senator and chairman of the Republican National
Committee; Mr. Herzstein, the Commerce trade official who is now a partner
in the Mexicans' main law firm, Shearman & Sterling; tax lobbyist Charls
Walker, former deputy Treasury secretary; and Thomas Bell, a Senate aide
to Mr. Brock who now is a senior official at Mexico's main public
relations firm, Burson-Marsteller.

Mexican officials expect these wise men to tell them what to do about
Mr. Perot's attacks on the accord and lobbyists. "Should we counterattack
or just let it go?" frets one Mexican trade official.

Keep cool, Mr. Brock counsels, "you can't respond to single individuals
or single groups." Instead, he says, Mexico must show skeptical Americans
it has "put its house in order" and is run by a "market-oriented, open-
minded team of people."

To that end, Coece estimates it has treated 76 congressional aides to
Mexican junkets to meet with government and business leaders. Other
Mexican lobbyists have arranged tours for lawmakers and U.S. business
officials. That's helped to erase Mexico's image as a "somnolent, slow-
moving burrito-ville," says Mr. Bennett, the Coece lobbyist.

Compared with Mexico's lobbying drive, U.S. business efforts seem
lacklustre. Members of the Business Roundtable have raised about $2-
million and set up a group called USA-NAFTA, which claims 1,300 members,
many of them small and medium-sized businesses. But that number overstates
the group's strength. To join USA-NAFTA, companies simply fill out a form;
no money or effort is required. "You can't expect a gun-blazing, 50-state
effort at this point," says Sandra Masur, a trade official at Eastman
Kodak Co. who heads USA-NAFTA.

Democratic Senator Bill Bradley of New Jersey, a staunch supporter of
the accord, recently sent out a letter on USA-NAFTA stationery asking
companies to "let me know that you are willing to make the accord a high
priority." If a vote on the pact were held today, "we would lose."

ANATOMY OF A NAFTA CAMPAIGN

Mexico's annual spending to negotiate and sell NAFTA
..................................$000(U.S.)  CONGRESSIONAL LOBBYING
................$1,410  Walker"Free Associates...................510  Guerra and
Assocites.....................360  Gold and Liebengood......................240
Joseph O'Neill...........................300  O'Neill &
Athey...........................-  TRADE STRATEGY..........................$480
Brock Group.............................$360  Manchester
Trade.........................120  PUBLIC RELATIONS, LOBBYING............$4,160
Burson-Marsteller......................3,260  Daniel J.
Edelman#.......................900  BUSINESS LOBBYING.......................$720
COECE....................................350  SJS Advanced
Strategies..................240  Brownstein, Zeidman & Lore................70
Thomas J. Scanlon.........................60  LEGAL, TRADE
STRATEGY.................$7,400  Shearman & Sterling....................4,200
Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen & Hamilton+....3,200  RAISING PUBLIC
SUPPORT................$1,450  (Prominent Hispanics)  Toney
Anaya..............................260  Abelardo
Valdez..........................200  Edward
Hidalgo...........................160  (Grass roots)  Moya, Villanueva &
Associates............270  Compos Communications....................260
Apodaca, Sosa & Associates...............170  Pantin
Partnership.......................130  OTHER
EFFORTS...........................$270  Solar &
Ellis............................220  Kathleen Ann
Griffith.....................50  TOTAL................................$15,890
No filing at Justice; # Amount includes non-NAFTA promotional work for  Mexican
investment Board; + Amount includes non-NAFTA work for Mexican  Finance
Ministry.  Data: Justice Department records (either contracts or payments to
firms)

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1993 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                    July 03, 2001 Tuesday NATIONAL EDITIONS

CN's hired gun tries putting U.S. expansion back on track: Top transport
lobbyist

BYLINE: Peter Fitzpatrick;pfitzpatrick@nationalpost.com

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST: CANADA; Pg. C05

LENGTH: 745 words


Having seen its expansion plans thwarted once by decision-makers in Washington,
Canadian National Railway Co. has responded by building its presence in the U.S.
capital.

The railway opened a government-relations office in the city and hired a top
transport lobbyist late last year, hoping to change its image among industry and
government. 'We aren't as well known as the big four U.S. railroads who have a
lot of political clout,' said Karen Phillips, CN's vice-president of U.S.
government affairs.

'We're a bit of a new player in terms of the Washington scene, in terms of
people having a good understanding of who CN is.'

Ms. Phillips' profile and reputation in the industry is key to changing that.
From 1994 to 1998 she was a senior vice-president at the Association of American
Railroads, working on policy, legislative issues and public relations for the
industry lobby group.

Before that, she spent six years as a Republican member of the Interstate
Commerce Commission, the government agency replaced by the Surface
Transportation Board. That's the body that imposed the 15-month merger
moratorium on railways last year, killing CN's planned merger with Burlington
Northern Santa Fe Corp.

'She has an excellent reputation in town and an excellent background in railroad
issues,' said Cathy Luhn, who, as lobbyist for National Industrial
Transportation League, sometimes finds herself pursuing goals opposite to those
of Ms. Phillips.

With its U.S. presence growing through the acquisition of Illinois Central Corp.
in 1998 and now Wisconsin Central Transportation Corp., CN would have been
forced to develop its lobbying capabilities eventually, observers say. But until
this year, CN relied on hired lobbyists -- it still uses three outside firms in
Washington -- as well as four state-level offices. The company could not provide
an annual budget, but 1999 data from the Centre for Responsive Politics said CN
spent US$180,000 on lobbying in 1999.

Additionally, through its U.S. subsidiaries, the Grand Trunk and Illinois
Central, it gave about US$10,000 in campaign donations through a Political
Action Committee, said Ms. Phillips.

By comparison, giant Union Pacific Corp., which keeps a two-person office in
Washington and uses at least five outside lobby firms, spends US$3-million a
year on lobbying, said Union Pacific spokesman John Bromley.

The issue of lobbying took on urgency after CN got its nose bloodied when the
merger moratorium was imposed following vigorous lobbying by competing railways
led by Union Pacific.

'It was an unusual case of them being on the wrong side of the railroad lobbying
power,' said Curtis Grimm, a professor specializing in the industry at the
University of Maryland.

'What did them in is that there was a split between the major railroads and what
their position was on the merger. [The board] initiated the moratorium because
the other railroads didn't want it.'

Ms. Phillips agreed the failed merger was instructive. 'One of the things that
came out of all this is a very good understanding of how important what's going
on in Washington and in the political arena is,' she said.

Representing a Canadian railway in Washington brings challenges, especially
since CN is seen as an aggressive acquisitor in an Old Economy industry in which
the main players are content with the status quo.

'There's also a feeling among some congressman and senators that they would hate
for a foreign railroad to own a U.S. railroad,' said Ms. Luhn, of the NITL.

'That's going to be part of [Ms. Phillips'] job -- to let them know that this is
not some great bear from the north coming to swallow up U.S. railroads.'

Ms. Phillips said much of her time is spent on educating people about the
railway and differentiating CN as a north-south railway concentrating on
continental traffic under the North American Free Trade Agreement.

The company recently won its fight to amend new merger rules issued by the
Surface Transportation Board so they would no longer discriminate against
foreign carriers.

But for the immediate future, Ms. Phillips is concentrating on the
Wisconsin-Central takeover, attempts at industry re-regulation, railroad
retirement reform, fuel tax relief and energy policy.

Although CN is widely seen as one of the most likely candidates to attempt the
next merger, Ms. Phillips would not comment on the prospect or whether she is
out doing spadework for the next big deal.

LOAD-DATE: July 03, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Linda Spillers, National Post / CNR LOBBYIST WORKS THE
INSIDE TRACK IN WASHINGTON: When Canadian National Railway Co. got its nose
bloodied in Washington last year when the merger moratorium was imposed, the
issue of lobbying took on urgency. So it opened a government relations office in
the city and hired Karen Phillips, a top transport lobbyist. And if CN isn't
that well known in the capital, the same cannot be said of Ms. Phillips, whose
title is vice-president, U.S. government affairs.: (Photo ran on pg. C1.)

TYPE: Business

                    Copyright 2001 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                              216 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            February 5, 2010 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

Lobbying industry booms;
Companiesboost spending on D.C. even in recession

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 542 words


WASHINGTON -- The recession has battered the U.S. economy, but the lobbying
industry is humming along in the nation's capital, even for companies that have
shed thousands of jobs in the past year.

The 20 trade associations and companies that spent the most on lobbying
increased their spending by more than 20% in 2009 to $507.7 million, up from
$418.2 million a year earlier, according to a USA TODAY analysis of reports
compiled by the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics.

The top 20 include oil giant ConocoPhillips, which announced nearly 1,300
layoffs in January 2009, and drugmaker Pfizer, which shed 4,200 jobs since
completing its merger with drug company Wyeth last fall.

ConocoPhillips and its subsidiaries more than doubled lobbying spending to $18.1
million last year as Congress worked on climate change legislation, the review
of recently filed reports shows. The oil company had $8.5 million in lobbying
expenses in 2008.

Pfizer and subsidiaries spent $24.6 million to lobby Congress and the Obama
administration last year, up $12.2 million in 2008.

When asked about its stepped-up lobbying activity, Pfizer spokeswoman Kristen
Neese said in an e-mail that the company is "committed to making our voice heard
and to be constructively engaged in our nation's health care debate."

Officials with ConocoPhillips did not return telephone calls.

"Companies have made the decision that they are going to have to spend money
today in order to protect their bottom line tomorrow, even if they are in the
midst of layoffs, even if their profits are dwindling," said Dave Levinthal of
the Center for Responsive Politics, which tracks money in politics. "When
Congress is debating sweeping legislation ... they are going to come out in
force, regardless of economic conditions on the ground."

The U.S. Chamber of Commerce led spending, pumping $144.5 million into lobbying
last year, according to the center's tally. That's a nearly 60% increase over
2008, and it came as the business federation battled Congress and the White
House over legislation dealing with health care and financial regulation.

Spending jumped because the chamber also launched an advertising campaign last
year, including TV ads slamming a congressional proposal to create a new
consumer-protection agency to oversee lending, said R. Bruce Josten, the
chamber's executive vice president for government affairs. The chamber needed to
respond to "critically important, top-tier issues to the business community"
coming out of Congress, he said.

More than half of the top 20 companies increased lobbying activity in 2009.
Others, including Verizon, Boeing and Lockheed Martin, curtailed spending.
Struggling automaker General Motors tumbled out of the top 20 altogether.

GM, which has cut 71,000 U.S. jobs and has received more than $50 billion in
government aid -- spent $8.7 million on lobbying last year, down from $13.4
million in 2008. "Our lobbying reflects that we are a smaller, more concentrated
company," spokesman Greg Martin said Thursday.

Even so, the company remains active on the lobbying front, spending $1.5 million
during the last three months of 2009.

"We believe we need to have a voice in the overall policy discussion," Martin
said, "just as our competitors do."

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 9, 2010



CORRECTION: A story in Friday's newspaper incorrectly stated the number of U.S.
job losses at General Motors. The company eliminated 21,000 U.S. jobs between
December 2008 and December 2009.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 24, 1999, Tuesday, Final Edition

The Influence Industry

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A15; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 523 words



The lobbying industry thrived in 1998. Here are the top 10 lobbying firms and
their largest clients, according to a Center for Responsive Politics analysis.
Political contributions include those of the firm, employees and immediate
family.

Rank

Lobbying firm

1998 Lobbying receipts

To Democrats

To Republicans

1.Cassidy and Assoc.  $ 19,890,000 63% 37%

2.Verner, Liipfert 18,775,000 58% 42%

3.Patton Boggs LLP 14,390,000 74% 26%

4.Akin, Gump 11,800,000 52% 48%

5.Preston, Gates 10,150,000 44% 55%

6.Barbour, Griffith & Rogers 7,410,000 1% 99%

7.Washington Counsel 7,251,000 46% 54%

8.Williams & Jensen 7,060,000 40% 60%

9.Baker, Donelson 6,820,000 23% 77%

10.Hogan & Hartson 6,546,111 52% 49%


Cassidy & Associates

Rank Receipts Client

1. $ 760,000 Boston University

2.  720,000 Hunton & Williams

3.  600,000 Lincoln Electric

4.  460,000 United Space Alliance


Verner, Liipfert

Rank Receipts Client

1.  $ 3,620,000 Philip Morris

2.  1,910,000 RJR Nabisco

3.  1,260,000 Brown & Williamson Tobacco

4.  1,000,000 Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide


Patton Boggs LLP

Rank Receipts Client

1.  $ 960,000 Smokeless Tobacco Council

2.  700,000 Association of Trial Lawyers of America

2.  700,000 Mars Inc.

4.  380,000 Pacific Lumber & Shipping


Akin, Gump

Rank Receipts Client

1.  $ 1,060,000 Citizens Educational Foundation

2.  700,000 Mobil Oil

3.  660,000 Motion Picture Association of America

4.  480,000 Mortgage Insurance Companies of America


Preston, Gates

Rank Receipts Client

1.  $ 1,400,000 Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians

2.  1,360,000 Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands

3.  800,000 Pitney Bowes Inc.

4.  760,000 Future of Puerto Rico Inc.


Barbour, Griffith & Rogers

Rank Receipts Client

1.  $ 1,340,000 American Financial Services Association

2.  880,000 Philip Morris

3.  600,000 Microsoft Corp.

4.  440,000 RJR Nabisco


Washington Counsel

Rank Receipts Client

1.  $ 480,000 Merrill Lynch

2.  $ 440,000 RJ Reynolds Tobacco

3.  $ 310,000 Anheuser-Busch

4.  $ 295,000 Aetna Inc.


Williams & Jensen

Rank Receipts Client

1.  $ 1,040,000 Owens-Illinois

2.  640,000 Ad Hoc Coalition of Commercial and Investment Banks

3.  580,000 First Union Corp.

3.  580,000 Security Traders Association

5.  320,000 Time Warner


Baker, Donelson

Rank Receipts Client

1.  $ 1,400,000 Philip Morris

2.  720,000 RJR Nabisco

3.  340,000 American Standard

4.  320,000 Schering-Plough Corp.


Hogan & Hartson

Rank Receipts Client

1.  $ 440,000 Host Marriott Corp.

2.  360,000 Coste Enterprises Inc.

3.  260,000 National Structured Settlements Association

4.  240,000 American Cancer Society

4.  240,000 Protein Technologies International

4.  240,000 Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America





LOAD-DATE: August 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart, The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              218 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           October 5, 2000, Thursday

FOR TRUMP, 250G FINE IN LOBBYING

BYLINE: By JOE MAHONEY DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 252 words

ALBANY - Donald Trump is ready to pay a $250,000 fine to settle charges he
circumvented state law by secretly lobbying to kill a proposed Indian-run casino
in the Catskills, lawyers involved in the deal said yesterday.

Under terms of a tentative agreement, Trump and his partners in the campaign
would admit no wrongdoing, and the state Lobbying Commission would not refer the
matter for criminal prosecution, the lawyers said.

The Trump group, which includes his casino strategist Roger Stone, opposed the
Catskills venture because it would have sapped action from Trump's Atlantic City
casinos.

David Grandeau, the Lobbying Commission's director, could not be reached for
comment yesterday.

But Stone's attorney Judd Burstein said there is "an agreement in principle"
between the Trump group and Grandeau which will have to be approved by the full
commission when it meets in November.

Trump gave $150,000 to an group called the New York Institute for Law and
Society to finance an ad campaign that took swipes at Pataki for backing the
Indian plan.

Burstein said Trump, Stone and New York Institute would provide the commission
with a full accounting of its lobbying expenditures.

Trump, who had threatened a lawsuit, has agreed not to take any legal action, he
added.

Until now, the highest fine ever imposed by lobbying regulators came last year
when Philip Morris was forced to cough up $75,000 for underreporting the amount
it spent to Albany legislators on tobacco measures.


LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                              219 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             March 8, 2016 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Don's $250G casino-lobby fine emerges

BYLINE: BY KENNETH LOVETT DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 401 words


ALBANY - Republicans are prepared to attack Donald Trump over a $250,000 fine he
and his associates once paid to settle a New York State probe into whether he
illegally lobbied to stop a proposed Indian-run casino, the Daily News has
learned.

A number of prominent national GOP operatives unaffiliated with any specific
campaign are pushing the issue to several of the Republican presidential
candidates as well as the super PACs that support them, said one of them.

The operative said anti-Trump Republicans can hit the GOP front-runner for
having previously talked about how lobbyists control the political system, even
after he was investigated in 2000 for secretly bankrolling an ad campaign
against a casino in the Catskills that he feared threatened his own gambling
interests in Atlantic City. "He played a role in killing a project that would
have created jobs solely to protect his failing casinos in Atlantic City," the
Republican said. "This guy doesn't care about anyone but himself. He talks a big
game, but he's all talk."

In settling the matter with the now defunct Lobbying Commission for a then-state
record high fine of $250,000, Trump was forced to publicly apologize, even
though he was not required to admit any wrongdoing.

Also part of the settlement was a provision that the Lobbying Commission would
not refer the case for criminal prosecution. Under state law at the time, Trump
and his allies could have faced misdemeanor charges if they were found to have
violated the state lobbying act.

It was Trump's camp that pushed for a guarantee there would be no criminal
referral, David Grandeau, who at the time headed the Lobbying Commission, told
The News on Sunday. "It had more value to them than it did to us since we never
referred those types of cases, anyway," said Grandeau.

Trump was investigated by the Lobbying Commission for not reporting that he
funded seven ads through an upstate anti-gambling group named the Institute for
Law and Society against an ultimately doomed plan to open the casino.

Trump's involvement was originally hidden. The lobbying campaign also involved
controversial GOP consultant Roger Stone, who is supporting Trump's presidential
run this year. In the end, Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts paid $50,000 in
fines, Stone paid $100,000 and the institute $100,000. A source tied to the case
said Trump covered all three fines.

Trump's campaign did not comment.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EXCLUSIVE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Daily News, L.P.


                              220 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                             May 31, 2006 Wednesday

Bottom line

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 349 words


* ANIMALS. The American Racing Pigeon Union has hired the Smith Law Firm to
lobby on its behalf, according to the lobbying registration filed with the
Senate Office of Public Records. The firm is lobbying on the pet-animal-welfare
statute and S. 2395, which would restrict shipping of animals.

* INSURANCE. The American Council of Life Insurers has hired RR&G to lobby on a
federal charter for insurance and data-breach legislation, according to the
lobbying record.

* LOCAL GOVERNMENT. Indian River County, Fla., has hired Marlowe & Co. to lobby
for federal appropriations, according to its lobbying registration.

* MEDICARE. The American Optometric Association has hired McCarthy & Speaks
Strategic Solutions to lobby on Medicaid, Medicare and other healthcare-related
issues.

* MISC. Beverage and food giant PepsiCo has hired Mehlman Vogel Castagnetti to
lobby on its behalf. The lobbying team includes Kelly Bingel, former chief of
staff to Sen. Blanche Lincoln (D-Ark.), Elise Finley, a former chief of staff to
Rep. John Shadegg (R-Ariz.), and Dean Rosen, a former director of health policy
for Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist (R-Tenn.).

Pepsi has also hired Davis Wright Tremaine to lobby on its behalf.

Mehlman Vogel Castagnetti, meanwhile, is also lobbying for the Internet
Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, which assigns names and numbers to
Internet users.

* MUSIC. The Recording Industry Association of America has hired Mitch Rose
Strategic Consulting. Rose is a former aide to Sen. Ted Stevens (R-Alaska), the
chairman of the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee.

* TELECOMMUNICATIONS. XM Satellite Radio has hired Constantine Cannon to lobby
on "legislation affecting usage of the Internet and other digital networks,
particularly with respect to satellite radio transmissions," according to the
lobbying registration.

* TRADE. The Representative of German Industry and Trade, which represents
German business interests in Washington, has hired Tom Coleman Associates to
provide "strategic advice on public policy issues," according to the lobbying
registration.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 19, 2009 Tuesday
                                Regional Edition

Journalist Became Successful Annapolis Lobbyist

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 521 words


Carolyn T. Burridge, 62, a former broadcast journalist who founded one of the
top woman-owned lobbying firms in Annapolis, died May 6 of cervical cancer at
Gilchrist Hospice in Baltimore. She was a former resident of the District.

Mrs. Burridge was keeping the books for her husband's lobbying firm, Burridge
Associates, when, in 1983, the FMC Corp., a large Washington-based chemical
company, asked her to be its representative in Annapolis. Two years later, she
decided to open her own firm, CTB Government Relations.

Mrs. Burridge, a Republican, represented  manufacturers, transportation
companies, educational institutions  and an association for children with
multiple disabilities. She enjoyed having a diverse clientele.

"Journalism taught me to learn a lot about many issues and often under the
significant pressures of time and crisis," she said in an interview. "Those same
ingredients are included in what I do on a daily basis for our clients."

One of her major clients was the Maryland Motor Coach Association,  whose
members operate 10,000 for-hire passenger vehicles, including taxis, sedans,
limousines, paratransit vehicles, shared-ride vans, commuter buses and school
buses. She also represented AAA Mid-Atlantic, Maryland's second-largest
membership organization.

For 16 of the 22 years she lobbied in Annapolis, CTB was ranked as the top
woman-owned lobbying firm in Maryland. The company was sold in 2007 to G.S.
Proctor and Associates.

Carolyn Vinyard Taylor was a native of Springfield, Mo., and a 1967 broadcast
journalism graduate of the University of Missouri. She received a master's
degree in journalism from American University in 1969.

She began her journalism career at a radio station in Casper, Wyo., and taught
journalism at Montgomery College in Rockville before joining her husband's firm.

She was involved with a number of civic and charitable organizations, including
Network 2000, which she co-founded and served as the group's first president.
Dedicated to helping women break the glass ceiling, Network 2000 sponsored
events with such notables as former British prime minister Margaret Thatcher,
former U.N. ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick and journalist Cokie Roberts.

Her board memberships included the Maryland Tourism Development Board; Maryland
Business for Responsive Government, a business advocacy group that supported
former Maryland governor Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. (R); Towson University; and
Living Classrooms Foundation, a nonprofit educational organization. The
University of Maryland's Minority Business Enterprise program named her one of
its top women for 2007.

Her marriage to James L. Burridge ended in divorce. She was separated from her
second husband, Thomas R. Bonnett, at the time of her death.

Survivors include three children from her first marriage, Alice K. Davis of
Perry Hall, Md., and Claire L. Burridge and Sarah Burridge Khan, both of the
District; three sisters, Emily Taylor Lincoln of Columbia, Nancy Taylor Graff of
Cape Coral, Fla., and Genevieve Taylor Shryer of Springfield, Mo.; a brother,
Roger H. Taylor II of Lawrence, Kan.; and three grandsons.

-- Joe Holley

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Carolyn T. Burridge had a diverse clientele at her lobbying
firm, CTB Government Relations.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                       May 7, 1993, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Senate OKs lobbying rules demanding full disclosure

BYLINE: Leslie Phillips

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 380 words


Heeding the election-year rallying cry that Congress clean up its act, the
Senate Thursday overwhelmingly passed a bill that for the first time requires
details on who lobbies whom, on what issues, and for how much money.

The Senate bill, approved 95-2, strengthens four widely flouted and poorly
enforced laws that now regulate lobbyists. A similar measure is awaiting action
in the House.

"Lobbying disclosure is not a cure-all, but it will enhance public confidence in
government by ensuring the public is aware of the efforts made by paid lobbyists
to influence public policy," said chief sponsor Sen. Carl Levin, D-Mich.

During last year's presidential campaign, both Bill Clinton and Ross Perot
decried the influence of lobbyists and special-interest groups.

The Senate bill would permit the public to know, for the first time, virtually
all gifts lobbyists make to members.

Lobbyists would have to disclose any gift worth more than $ 20, or series of
gifts worth more than $ 50 in one year. That includes meals and sports tickets,
which are largely unreported now. The bill also:

Requires executive branch lobbyists to register.

Defines "lobbyist" as including anyone who spends a significant part of his or
her time lobbying official staffs - not just officeholders, as current law
states.

Beefs up enforcement and raises fines.

Other proposals - to limit gifts members of Congress may accept from lobbyists,
and to slow down the revolving door between government service and lobbying -
are waiting in the wings. But because the proposals affect a member's
pocketbook, they're more controversial and won't be ready for action anytime
soon.

"Reform is more likely because of this" Senate bill, Levin said. "We picked up
momentum. But it doesn't prove reform is certain."

Of the tens of thousands of lobbyists from law firms, trade associations and
interest groups - estimates of their numbers run as high as 80,000 - just 7,400
are registered under the 1946 law regulating the domestic-influence business.

And the 1935 Foreign Agents Registration Act, intended to cover political
activities of foreign governments and corporations, exempts lawyers from
registration.

Voting against the bill were Sens. Bob Smith, R-N.H., and Malcolm Wallop, R-Wyo.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

WASHINGTON

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              223 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 1, 1991, Saturday, Final Edition

Lobbying Seems to Be Recession-Proof in Md.;
Most Top Earners Report Steady Incomes

Dan Beyers, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A12

LENGTH: 500 words


Maryland's recession made budget-balancing tough in the General Assembly this
year, but it didn't have much impact on the pocketbooks of the legislature's top
lobbyists.

Most of the highest-paid lobbyists were able to maintain or increase their
income from clients, according to lobbying reports released yesterday by the
State Ethics Commission.

One exception was Bruce C. Bereano, who nonetheless continued to be the
top-earning lobbyist in Annapolis. He reported $ 656,780 in fees from 43 clients
for the six-month period ending April 30. He collected about $ 752,000 during a
similar period last year.

"I know I felt the effect of the recession this year," Bereano said yesterday.
"Some of my clients either held off hiring me this year or they reduced my fees.
I probably felt it to the tune of $ 80,000 to $ 100,000."

Other lobbyists did better in weathering the economic downturn. Franklin
Goldstein reported $ 383,063 in fees, putting him in second place. His total a
year ago was $ 381,731.

Alan M. Rifken, a former chief legislative aide to Gov. William Donald Schaefer,
was third. He collected $ 367,062, an increase of about $ 20,000.

Phil Andrews, executive director of the Maryland chapter of Common Cause, said
lobbying did not seem to decline during the last session, "you just saw the
emphasis change."

Lobbyists are spending more time on regulatory issues as the federal government
shifts more of that responsibility to the states, Andrews said.

Also, clients who before the recession retained a lobbyist to help them find new
business in the state found themselves increasingly in need of help ensuring
they did not lose business, Andrews said.

"The focus was on lobbying to stave off budget cuts," he said.

There were exceptions to that trend. And again Bereano, a former chief counsel
to the state Senate, figured in the difference. Bereano's biggest account during
the six-month period was the Rhode Island-based Gtech Corp., which paid him $
93,000 in its successful competition for a new lottery computer system.

About $ 20,000 of Bereano's fee was shared with his lobbying partner, former
governor Marvin Mandel.

Rifken, whose law firm represented one of the losers in the computer
competition, earned $ 30,000 for his work. Overall, his firm received $ 60,000
from the company, Control Data Corp.

Rifken's law firm partner, Gerard E. Evans, collected the second-largest fee
from a single group for his work during the six-month period when the Medical
and Chirurgical Faculty of Maryland, a physicians' group, paid him $ 92,000.
Evans was the ninth highest-paid lobbyist overall.

Lobbyist Dennis C. McCoy earned $ 86,200 from the Maryland Trial Lawyers
Association, helping him to a $ 286,414 total. His earnings increased by $
100,000 over a similar period last year, the records show.

"The doctors and the lawyers continue to be strongly represented even in a
recession," said John E. O'Donnell, executive director of the State Ethics
Commission.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              224 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 15, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Airlines Vie for China Route;
Direct-to-Beijing Flight Sparks Lobbying Push

BYLINE: Del Quentin Wilber, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Financial; D01

LENGTH: 608 words


An intense lobbying battle has erupted over a new air route to China that could
provide the winning airline with a boost in revenue as the industry slowly
emerges from its sharpest downturn in history.

Among the competitors, United Airlines is seeking approval to begin a direct
flight between the Washington region's Dulles International Airport and Beijing.
The other airlines in the contest are American, Continental and Northwest.

The route has sparked intense interest because of China's growing economy and
the planned 2008 Olympics in Beijing. Direct U.S. flights into China also are
relatively rare because the federal government has restricted access to foreign
carriers. Under an agreement with China, the Transportation Department is to
choose one airline to operate a single daily flight between the two countries.

Flights are to begin as early as March.

The lobbying campaigns have drawn in local business groups; legislators; and
Jane Garvey, former head of the Federal Aviation Administration. The airlines
have also asked their travelers to send letters of support. The sides are
battling it out in press releases, behind-the-scenes maneuvering and filings
with the Transportation Department.

"We're talking about millions of dollars in profit a year, not just pennies,"
said Michael Miller, an analyst with the Velocity Group. "In an era where
domestic air travel is highly competitive, international routes like these
present a much greater chance for making a profit than do domestic
opportunities."

American Airlines is petitioning the government to fly between its Dallas hub
and Beijing. Continental Airlines is asking to link its Newark hub and Shanghai,
and Northwest Airlines is hoping for a flight between its Detroit hub and
Shanghai. American, Continental and United already offer direct service to
Beijing and Shanghai through San Francisco, Los Angeles, Chicago and Newark.
Northwest offers connections to China through Japan from several U.S. cities,
and one flight from Detroit stops in Japan before continuing to Shanghai.

All of the airlines say their routes would serve huge numbers of travelers who
use their hubs and would help boost local economies around those airports.

In filings, American says it would be unfair to award the route to United or
Northwest because they already have extensive networks in Asia. For its part,
Northwest says it serves more cities from Detroit than any of the competitors do
at their hubs and its airport has a "state-of-the art terminal facility."
Continental boasts in its press releases that the New Jersey-New York area has a
larger population of Chinese Americans than the other cities.

To push its case, United has formed a coalition with the Metropolitan Washington
Airport Authority, local tourism officials and the Greater Washington Board of
Trade. The group launched a Web site (www.capitaltocapital.net) Tuesday to
highlight what it says are the strengths of the Washington-Beijing bid.

"Everybody recognizes the incredible importance of China from the business point
of view," said Michael Whitaker, a United vice president. "The Chinese economy
is growing 10 percent a year. Demand is very high. Flights to China tend to be
very full. . . . That is what makes them good routes. This would be a very big
deal for the Washington area. . . . We've had normalized relations since 1972
and still don't have nonstop service, which seems odd."

In a filing with the Transportation Department, United officers said their
service "would provide a critical link between the capitals . . . enhancing the
political, economic and cultural ties of the two counties."

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              225 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 4, 2004 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

RED SOX TIX PUT SILVER ON HOT SEAT

BYLINE: BY JOE MAHONEY DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 257 words


ALBANY - A state watchdog has launched a probe into whether Assembly Speaker
Sheldon Silver was improperly given a batch of Yankees-Red Sox tickets during
the Democratic National Convention in Boston, the Daily News has learned.

The News reported last week that Silver, who chaired New York's delegation to
the convention, got the sought-after tickets from two companies that hire Albany
lobbyists.

Yesterday, sources said the state Lobbying Commission is trying to determine
whether KeySpan and Citigroup gave Silver an illegal gift of tickets - whose
combined value would far exceed the $75 limit on gifts to politicians.

Both companies are represented in Albany by Bolton St. John, a high-profile
lobbying firm with close ties to Assembly Democrats.

Lobbying Commission Executive Director David Grandeau declined to discuss the
commission's inquiry. But he noted that when a lobbyist gives a group of tickets
to a public official, the limit applies to the total value, not the price of a
single ducat.

James Featherstonehaugh, a lawyer for Bolton St. John, disagreed, saying each
ticket amounts to a separate gift. Silver's office did not return calls
yesterday. But last week, a Silver aide said the speaker distributed the tickets
for the companies.

Grandeau's agency and Silver are also battling over the commission's probe into
the speaker's January 2002 stay in a $1,500-a-night Las Vegas hotel owned by
Caesars Entertainment.

Silver has said there was no gift because he paid a discounted rate of $109 for
the suite.jmahoney@edit.nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EXCLUSIVE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                              226 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            March 2, 2011 Wednesday

Sen. Dodd to become K St.'s Mr. Hollywood

BYLINE: By Gautham Nagesh

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 828 words


Former Sen. Chris Dodd (D-Conn.) will be Hollywood's leading man in Washington,
taking the most prestigious job on K Street. The Motion Picture Association of
America (MPAA) named Dodd chairman and CEO on Tuesday.

He will start his new job on St. Patrick's Day, March 17. But heading
Hollywood's lobbying arm could be problematic for the former senator, who
accepted the kind of job he pledged not to take. "No lobbying, no lobbying,"
Dodd told the Connecticut Mirror last August, when asked about his plans after
leaving office. It is not uncommon for former lawmakers to join lobbying shops
upon retirement, but Dodd's previous comments are sure to invite questions.
Lawmakers are legally prohibited from registering as a federal lobbyist for two
years after leaving office, but they can work at firms without directly lobbying
their former colleagues. The MPAA didn't respond to questions about whether Dodd
would register as a lobbyist in two years. Dodd's hiring, which had been rumored
for weeks, ends months of media speculation regarding who would take one of the
most glamorous jobs on K Street, whose perks include a $1.2 million-a-year
salary and getting to attend the Academy Awards ceremony. Dodd has longstanding
ties to the film industry: His wife, Jackie Clegg, was a director at Blockbuster
until last year; he counts "Saturday Night Live" creator Lorne Michaels among
his close friends; and he has dated actress Carrie Fisher. Dodd also appeared as
himself in the movie "Dave" and was acknowledged in the credits of "Evita."
Dodd, who retired from the Senate in January after three decades in office,
succeeds former Chairman Dan Glickman. Bob Pisano has served as interim MPAA
chief since last year. "Sen. Dodd is a battle-tested leader whose reputation as
a strong leader on major issues facing this country has prepared him to serve as
the ambassador for the movie business. I, along with my colleagues, agree that
he was worth the wait," said Fox Filmed Entertainment Chairman Jim Gianopulos in
a statement, joining his fellow studio bosses in cheering Dodd's hiring. MPAA
spent a year searching for the new head of its D.C. office. Dodd's hiring comes
after the organization's unsuccessful pursuit of former Sen. Bob Kerrey
(D-Neb.), which prompted reports of how the MPAA has lost its luster since the
heyday of iconic former boss Jack Valenti. The increasingly corporate nature of
Hollywood is often cited as a root cause. "I am truly excited about representing
the interests of one of the most creative and productive industries in America,
not only in Washington but around the world," Dodd said in a statement. "The
major motion picture studios consistently produce and distribute the most
sought-after and enjoyable entertainment on earth. Protecting this great
American export will be my highest priority." In his last years in the Senate,
Dodd, as chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, took the lead in the
legislative overhaul of the nation's financial regulatory system but was dogged
by reports he received favorable treatment on two personal loans from
Countrywide Financial, a notorious provider of sub-prime mortgages. The Senate
Ethics Committee found Dodd did not violate any ethics rules. He was also a
presidential contender in 2008, moving to Iowa in a bid to capture the
Democratic nomination. His attempt failed, and Connecticut voters expressed
their unhappiness with Dodd's move to another state. His move to the MPAA comes
with the tough task of getting the fiercely competitive member studios to
coordinate their policy goals. He also will likely look to reorganize the D.C.
operation, which has been focused on intellectual property in recent months
after experiencing a 20 percent budget cut during the height of the recession.
Pisano told The Hill last month that combating online piracy is the movie
industry's top priority, arguing pirated films erode the industry's revenue
streams and jeopardize the jobs of the 2.5 million Americans its employs. The
MPAA is one of the strongest backers of Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman
Patrick Leahy's (D-Vt.) Combating Online Infringements and Counterfeits Act,
which the committee is planning to take up after an expected vote by the full
Senate on patent reform this week. Leahy has predicted a version of the bill
will pass Congress this year. The nascent online video marketplace is another
area expected to become a focus for the MPAA under Dodd. The Federal
Communications Commission attached a number of measures to the NBC
Universal-Comcast merger intended to protect competition in that arena. The MPAA
will likely play a large role in hammering out the rules of the road for Web
content distributors seeking to stream films online, particularly with regard to
recent releases. Pisano noted the industry has already begun experimenting with
streaming first-run movies directly into homes ahead of their DVD release date.
Jordan Fabian contributed to this story.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2011 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The The Denver Post

                            January 10, 2012 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FEDERAL EARMARKS BAN Embattled cities say lobbying still worth every dime

BYLINE: Allison Sherry The Denver Post

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 765 words


WASHINGTON - Despite a ban on earmarks that once helped fund local pet projects,
Colorado's municipalities still pour hundreds of thousands of dollars a year
into lobbying here in hopes of stopping legislation or gaining good graces with
members of Congress.

The city of Denver spends $175,000 to $200,000 a year on federal lobbying in
Washington. Aurora isn't far behind, spending between $100,000 and $150,000 a
year on the effort. Colorado Springs Utilities, serving 200,000 households a
year, spends about $250,000 a year on federal lobbying.

Even smaller towns such as Fort Collins and Pueblo have poured tens of thousands
of dollars from anemic city budgets into lobbying to gain face time with
Colorado's delegation members and the powerful grant deciders at federal
agencies.

"I see great value in the trips, in going out there, meeting face to face with
folks," said Jerry Pacheco, city manager of Pueblo, which spent $60,000 last
year on federal lobbying. "They're not going to give us money just for the sake
of giving us money. You got to go out and beat the weeds and press the
congressmen."

Aurora Mayor Steve Hogan said the city received $39 million in federal dollars
to finish a couple of traffic interchanges. He also attributes a recent Air
Force contract with Raytheon, which will bring 300 high-paying jobs to Aurora,
to buying time and energy in Washington.

"Yes, we can talk to them (members of Congress) while they're here, but
Englewood is talking to them and Greenwood Village is talking to them and
Lakewood is talking to them," Hogan said. "It provides us with an additional
voice."

Times are changing

But the days of getting municipal projects discreetly funded through bigger
appropriations bills via a favor from a congressman are over. Last year, this
Congress enacted a federal earmark ban.

Following the ban, some Colorado cities have reduced somewhat the money spent on
lobbying. Denver spent $40,000 less in 2011, and Aurora cut spending from
$160,000 to $90,000. But others have actually increased spending; Pueblo spent
$60,000 in 2011, roughly $20,000 more than in 2010.

While there were highly touted abuses - like an $18 million classroom in
Massachusetts made to look and feel like the Senate chamber - many local
leaders, including Rep. Ed Perlmutter, D-Jefferson County, defends what he
argues is legitimate funding for local projects.

Even experienced local government lobbyists say the earmark ban presents is a
big challenge.

"We're all still trying to figure out how best to serve people in the
community," said Mike Feeley, who lobbies for Jefferson County and Aurora with
Brownstein, Hyatt, Farber and Schreck. "It's as much an art form as it is
technical work."

Sometimes that means toiling for the intangible.

A recent study calculated financial benefits from lobbying - taking into account
lower tax rates - and researchers found multinational companies' return on
investment for lobbying dollars was 22,000 percent.

Local impact

Andrew Colosimo monitors wilderness bills, energy legislation and climate change
proposals to gauge whether anything affects Colorado Springs Utilities'
competitiveness.

Mostly, Colosimo, a government affairs manager, works to block legislation.

"It's important they (members of Congress) understand how these bills impact
us," he said. "We care about wilderness, but we need to be able to manage our
water collection and infrastructure."

Denver City Council President Chris Nevitt said that although Denver Public
Schools missed out in the early, more lucrative rounds of federal "Race to the
Top" funding, what the city gets from plowing money and energy into Washington
is a "fantastic investment."

"We have the biggest transit buildout in the country. We have a lot of stuff in
front of the Department of Transportation. Our school system has been on the
forefront," he said. "We are aggressively going after grant money, and we are
front and center in the view of the Obama administration."

Allison Sherry: 202-662-8907 or asherry@denverpost.com Who spent what
Expenditures on federal lobbying

CITY OF AURORA

2011 (through Dec. 11): $90,000

2010: $160,000

2009: $150,000

CITY OF DENVER

2011 (through Dec. 11): $160,000

2010: $200,000

2009: $180,000

COLORADO SPRINGS

UTILITIES

2011 (through Dec. 11): $186,000

2010: $254,000

2009: $247,000

CITY OF FORT COLLINS

2011 (through Dec. 11): $0

2010: $10,000

2009: $5,000

CITY OF PUEBLO

2011 (through Dec. 11): $60,000

2010: $42,000

2009: $45,000

JEFFERSON COUNTY

2011 (through Dec. 11): $90,000

2010: $120,000

2009: $110,000

Sources: OpenSecrets.org; Senate Office for Public Records, local municipalities

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: List

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The The Denver Post

                            January 10, 2012 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FEDERAL EARMARKS BAN Embattled cities say lobbying still worth every dime

BYLINE: Allison Sherry The Denver Post

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 765 words


WASHINGTON - Despite a ban on earmarks that once helped fund local pet projects,
Colorado's municipalities still pour hundreds of thousands of dollars a year
into lobbying here in hopes of stopping legislation or gaining good graces with
members of Congress.

The city of Denver spends $175,000 to $200,000 a year on federal lobbying in
Washington. Aurora isn't far behind, spending between $100,000 and $150,000 a
year on the effort. Colorado Springs Utilities, serving 200,000 households a
year, spends about $250,000 a year on federal lobbying.

Even smaller towns such as Fort Collins and Pueblo have poured tens of thousands
of dollars from anemic city budgets into lobbying to gain face time with
Colorado's delegation members and the powerful grant deciders at federal
agencies.

"I see great value in the trips, in going out there, meeting face to face with
folks," said Jerry Pacheco, city manager of Pueblo, which spent $60,000 last
year on federal lobbying. "They're not going to give us money just for the sake
of giving us money. You got to go out and beat the weeds and press the
congressmen."

Aurora Mayor Steve Hogan said the city received $39 million in federal dollars
to finish a couple of traffic interchanges. He also attributes a recent Air
Force contract with Raytheon, which will bring 300 high-paying jobs to Aurora,
to buying time and energy in Washington.

"Yes, we can talk to them (members of Congress) while they're here, but
Englewood is talking to them and Greenwood Village is talking to them and
Lakewood is talking to them," Hogan said. "It provides us with an additional
voice."

Times are changing

But the days of getting municipal projects discreetly funded through bigger
appropriations bills via a favor from a congressman are over. Last year, this
Congress enacted a federal earmark ban.

Following the ban, some Colorado cities have reduced somewhat the money spent on
lobbying. Denver spent $40,000 less in 2011, and Aurora cut spending from
$160,000 to $90,000. But others have actually increased spending; Pueblo spent
$60,000 in 2011, roughly $20,000 more than in 2010.

While there were highly touted abuses - like an $18 million classroom in
Massachusetts made to look and feel like the Senate chamber - many local
leaders, including Rep. Ed Perlmutter, D-Jefferson County, defends what he
argues is legitimate funding for local projects.

Even experienced local government lobbyists say the earmark ban presents is a
big challenge.

"We're all still trying to figure out how best to serve people in the
community," said Mike Feeley, who lobbies for Jefferson County and Aurora with
Brownstein, Hyatt, Farber and Schreck. "It's as much an art form as it is
technical work."

Sometimes that means toiling for the intangible.

A recent study calculated financial benefits from lobbying - taking into account
lower tax rates - and researchers found multinational companies' return on
investment for lobbying dollars was 22,000 percent.

Local impact

Andrew Colosimo monitors wilderness bills, energy legislation and climate change
proposals to gauge whether anything affects Colorado Springs Utilities'
competitiveness.

Mostly, Colosimo, a government affairs manager, works to block legislation.

"It's important they (members of Congress) understand how these bills impact
us," he said. "We care about wilderness, but we need to be able to manage our
water collection and infrastructure."

Denver City Council President Chris Nevitt said that although Denver Public
Schools missed out in the early, more lucrative rounds of federal "Race to the
Top" funding, what the city gets from plowing money and energy into Washington
is a "fantastic investment."

"We have the biggest transit buildout in the country. We have a lot of stuff in
front of the Department of Transportation. Our school system has been on the
forefront," he said. "We are aggressively going after grant money, and we are
front and center in the view of the Obama administration."

Allison Sherry: 202-662-8907 or asherry@denverpost.com Who spent what
Expenditures on federal lobbying

CITY OF AURORA

2011 (through Dec. 11): $90,000

2010: $160,000

2009: $150,000

CITY OF DENVER

2011 (through Dec. 11): $160,000

2010: $200,000

2009: $180,000

COLORADO SPRINGS

UTILITIES

2011 (through Dec. 11): $186,000

2010: $254,000

2009: $247,000

CITY OF FORT COLLINS

2011 (through Dec. 11): $0

2010: $10,000

2009: $5,000

CITY OF PUEBLO

2011 (through Dec. 11): $60,000

2010: $42,000

2009: $45,000

JEFFERSON COUNTY

2011 (through Dec. 11): $90,000

2010: $120,000

2009: $110,000

Sources: OpenSecrets.org; Senate Office for Public Records, local municipalities

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: List

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                             June 7, 2007 Thursday

Lobbying by Rudy's firm draws fire

BYLINE: By Alexander Bolton

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 882 words


Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani's law firm, Bracewell & Giuliani LLP,
has lobbied Congress on stem cell research for Johns Hopkins Institutions,
according to its public filing.

This has drawn fire from social conservatives because Johns Hopkins's stance on
stem cell research appears to conflict with Giuliani's stated position.

"We believe Giuliani's firm may be lobbying in favor of H.R. 2560, a bill that
would allow the creation and destruction of human embryos for research
purposes," said Joseph Cella, president of Fidelis America, a conservative
Catholic organization, who yesterday raised concerns over the lobbying records.

"It is important for the public to know if Giuliani's firm is lobbying for this,
or any other policies, that would promote embryo-destructive research.

"Should this be the case, how can he justify profiting from this lobbying when
it would contradict his public position on the issue?"

Mike Pate, head of Bracewell & Giuliani's Washington office, said lobbying
records paint a misleading picture.

"The firm does represent Johns Hopkins University, one of the top medical
systems in the nation," said Pate in a written statement. "We have worked with
them on the sustainability of the Medicare system and AIDS research, among other
topics.

"We have also monitored a broad range of medical issues, which included the stem
cell topic. But the firm has never lobbied regarding legislation to advance stem
cell research of any description. While lobbying registration forms mention stem
cell research, they state that the firm's primary task is to work on healthcare
issues generally.

"Fidelis might have known this if they checked with us or with Johns Hopkins,
for that matter," said Pate.

Bracewell & Giuliani's disclosure report lists healthcare as its general issue
area. It lists stem cell research as its only specific lobbying issue. It does
not mention Medicare or AIDS research.

"Of course, in any event, Mayor Giuliani does not and has never lobbied on
behalf of firm clients," said Pate.

Giuliani is still associated with the firm.

Giuliani's spokeswoman fired back at conservative critics.

"It's clear this is just another partisan and political organization that hasn't
bothered to get their facts straight," said Maria Comella of Fidelis's charges.

This week, stem cell research is at the forefront of conservatives' attention;
the House was expected to vote last night on H.R. 2560, the Human Cloning
Prohibition Act, sponsored by Diana DeGette (D-Colo.).

The National Right to Life Committee dubbed the legislation the "clone-and-kill"
bill because it would allow for somatic cell nuclear transfer (SCNT).

"SCNT is, of course, simply the standard cloning process, the same process that
was used to produce Dolly the sheep and thousands of other mammalian clones,"
wrote Douglas Johnson, legislative director of the National Right to Life
Committee, in a letter to members of Congress.

Johnson calls the legislation "clone-and-kill" because it bans the cloned
embryos from being allowed to develop in a uterus.

A public filing made by Bracewell & Giuliani in February shows that the firm
lobbied the House and Senate, as well as the Department of Health and Human
Services, on stem cell research on behalf of Johns Hopkins University Hospital.

A spokesman for Johns Hopkins, Dennis O'Shea, said the medical institution did
not hire Bracewell& Giuliani to push specific legislation.

"We have not engaged Bracewell & Giuliani to lobby on behalf of legislation to
advance stem cell research," he said. "We have worked with them in other areas."

Johns Hopkins's website indicates that it is prepared to conduct research on
human cells cloned with somatic cell nuclear transfer technology, although it
does so in accordance with an oversight board.

"It is the policy of the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine that all
research using human embryonic stem cells and/or somatic cell nuclear transfer
involving human cells being conducted by [Johns Hopkins School of Medicine]
faculty, staff or students or involving the use of [Johns Hopkins School of
Medicine] facilities shall be subject to oversight by the JHU [Embryonic Stem
Cell Research Oversight] committee," Johns Hopkins states on its website.

But while Johns Hopkins has set up a review process to conduct research on
cloned cells, Giuliani, the named partner of the firm that represents it on the
Hill, has declared his opposition to such research.

In a recent GOP presidential debate hosted by the Reagan Library, Giuliani said
he opposed research that created and destroyed embryonic cells.

When asked if he would expand federal funding of stem cell research, Giuliani
replied: "As long as we're not creating life in order to destroy it, as long as
we're not having human cloning, and we limit it to that, and there is plenty of
opportunity to, then use federal funds in those situations where you have
limitations.

"So I would support it with those limitations, like Sen. [Norm] Coleman's
(R-Minn.) bill in Congress."

But the director of the stem cell program at Johns Hopkins, Dr. John Gearhart,
has blasted Coleman's bill as ineffective.

"We find this to be an absolutely bizarre bill because the presumption upon
which it is based is flawed," said Gearhart in an April article in The New York
Times.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2007 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            November 25, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BUSINESS BRIEFLY

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 641 words


GM spent $1.78 million on lobbying in 3rd quarter

DETROIT (AP) -- General Motors Co. spent 29 percent less lobbying the federal
government in the third quarter this year than last, but it still spent $1.78
million to influence legislators and agencies on gas mileage and pollution
regulations, electric vehicle infrastructure funding, distracted driving
regulations and other issues.

The Detroit company is still 26.5 percent owned by the government, which gave GM
$49.5 billion in aid to save it from the auction house. The government is
waiting to sell its remaining 500 million shares until the stock market
recovers.

The automaker spent $2.49 million on lobbying in last year's third quarter and
$1.94 million in the second quarter of this year.

GM lobbied Congress, the Environmental Protection Agency, NHTSA and the Obama
administration on gas mileage and greenhouse gas emissions regulations for the
years 2017 through 2025.

-----

Boeing papers sought

The National Labor Relations Board asked a federal court to compel Boeing Co. to
turn over internal documents tied to the planemaker's decision to build a 787
Dreamliner factory in South Carolina.

Boeing said this week that it blacked out information in 180 of the files
submitted, in part because the administrative law judge hearing an NLRB
complaint lacks the power to ensure public access is curbed, as the company has
sought. The U.S. District Court in Seattle has that authority and can also
enforce subpoenas for the papers.

The NLRB says Boeing violated workers' right to strike based on executives' 2009
comments that opening a South Carolina factory would avoid walkouts in
Washington state, the home of the company's commercial-jet operations. Boeing
has denied the allegations, saying the site was chosen for business reasons.

-- Bloomberg News

-----

Deere profit up 46%

Deere & Co. says strong sales of its farm equipment helped boost its
fourth-quarter profit by 46 percent and says it expects robust demand will lead
to further growth next year.

The quarterly results beat Wall Street expectations, and Deere shares rose more
than 3 percent in Wednesday afternoon trading.

The Moline, Ill., company said Wednesday that equipment sales were up 20 percent
in the quarter. That included 14 percent sales growth in the United States and
Canada, and 31 percent growth in the rest of the world outside those two
countries.

The sales growth helped Deere generate net income of $670 million, or $1.62 per
share, for the three months ended Oct. 31, up from $457 million, or $1.07 per
share, a year ago.

-----

Going after oil

NEW YORK (AP) -- The energy resources trapped in shale formations across the
U.S. continue to attract investors. But now investors are after oil, not natural
gas.

Private equity firm KKR & Co. LP and three partners announced Wednesday say they
have agreed to buy the privately held oil and gas company Samson Investment Co.
for $7.2 billion.

KKR's partners include the investment firms Natural Gas Partners and Crestview
Partners and the Japanese trading company Itochu Corp. Financial details,
including how much each partner is paying and whether they are borrowing money
or paying in cash, stock, or some combination, were not disclosed.

-----

Nokia Siemens cuts jobs

HELSINKI (AP) -- Wireless equipment maker Nokia Siemens Networks will slash
17,000 jobs -- almost one-quarter of its work force -- in a move to cut annual
costs by $1.35 billion by 2013, company officials said Wednesday.

The joint venture between Finland's Nokia Corp. and Siemens AG of Germany said
it would focus on mobile broadband networks and services as it slims down with a
view to becoming an independent company.

Nokia Siemens has struggled to make a profit amid stiff competition in the
global market for network infrastructure -- the technology and services needed
to run mobile and fixed-line networks.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 30, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Out of the Comfort Zone;
Lobbyists Hit the Campaign Trail to Protect Their Livelihoods

BYLINE: Jeffrey H. Birnbaum, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Financial; E01

LENGTH: 1193 words

DATELINE: MILWAUKEE


Robert D. Wood is the definition of a fat cat lobbyist. He's president of
Washington's most prominent Republican lobbying firm, Barbour, Griffith & Rogers
LLC, and gives money to Republican causes. His job usually requires him to
venture no farther than a few miles from downtown D.C.

But for the final two weeks of the 2004 campaign, he's moved from his
four-bedroom home in Alexandria into the tiny spare bedroom of a friend's
bungalow here to do whatever it takes to reelect President Bush.

Charles H. Dolan Jr. is also a creature of Washington. A former executive
director of the Democratic Governors' Association, he is a senior vice president
of Ketchum, a public relations firm that regularly plays major roles in lobbying
campaigns. But since Oct. 1, Dolan has lived in Milwaukee as well, plotting
strategy and doing all manner of menial tasks on behalf of Sen. John F. Kerry's
bid for the White House.

Wood and Dolan are among many denizens of K Street who have decamped to the
campaign trail to protect their professional interests. Lobbyists and other
people who make their livings by trying to influence politicians famously donate
money and throw lavish dinners to get their way in Washington. But in the
crucial weeks before Election Day, they deploy another method, too: personal
labor. And in some ways, it's the most meaningful form of persuasion.

"Politicians understand that human-to-human contact is the most effective type
of campaigning, and they always appreciate the effort," said Vic Fazio, a former
Democratic congressman from California who is now a lobbyist for Clark &
Weinstock. As a result, he said, "You'll find an awful lot of well-known people
sleeping on couches in battleground states and in places where there are close
Senate races." Fazio is spending this year's home stretch in South Dakota
helping the embattled Senate minority leader, Thomas A. Daschle.

Pulling up stakes and working on the hustings "is part of the bag of tactics and
techniques of lobbying," said James A. Thurber, a political scientist at
American University. "The central norm of lobbying is reciprocity -- I'll help
you if you help me. If you do direct lobbying without getting involved
personally, you're not going to be successful."

As a result, virtually every significant lobbying shop in the capital can boast
that at least some of its employees have taken a leave and are assisting in key
contests. Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP reports that 23 of its partners and
associates are working for candidates around the country -- 10 for Republicans
and 13 for Democrats. "It's all voluntary, and we encourage it," said Joel
Jankowsky, the head of Akin Gump's lobbying practice.

Plenty of Patton Boggs LLP's lawyer-lobbyists are also volunteering. Evan L.
Morris is aiding Kerry in New Mexico, and Alexander Annett is working for Bush
in Nevada. Such activities are considered so important that senior Patton Boggs
partners met early in the presidential race to make sure that they had
colleagues with each of the major candidates.

Wood's firm has all but emptied out during these final days. He said that half
of the 12 lobbyists at Barbour, Griffith & Rogers are working for Bush in
battleground states: two in West Virginia, two in Wisconsin, and one each in
Florida and Nevada. Even the firm's clerks have gotten into the act; all three
are in Pennsylvania for Bush.

The work isn't glamorous. Even veteran lobbyists routinely spend their days
knocking on voters' doors, pounding in yard signs and dropping off campaign
literature. At night they telephone other voters and urge them to go to the
polls. "For 20 hours a day," a weary looking Wood said, "I'm sitting on a
folding chair in a cubicle and working elbow-to-elbow with a lot of committed
volunteers." That cubicle is lightless and barely four feet wide, a far cry from
his spacious D.C. office, which has a view of the White House South Lawn.

Wood, 37, starts his day at 7:30 a.m. at Bush state headquarters -- a box-strewn
basement suite in a suburban office building -- and doesn't leave until
midnight, subsisting, he said, on "pizza and Diet Coke." He ordered extra phone
lines, fixed fluorescent light fixtures and rented a tent for the kickoff event
of a bus tour that will feature his former boss Tommy G. Thompson, a former
Wisconsin governor and the current U.S. secretary of health and human services.
He also helped design the ward-by-ward targeting system that will guide the
campaign's tactics on Election Day. "I'm a utility player," Wood said. "The
mission is to elect George W. Bush, and that stops and starts with sweat and
tears in this campaign."

In downtown Milwaukee, Dolan, 54, shares a spartan office with another
communications staffer and works at a table better suited to a soup kitchen than
a presidential race. For most of his 13-hour days, he tries to set medium-term
strategy but also pitches in wherever he's needed. He's helped camera crews find
the best shot during a Kerry speech and used a mini-broom to sweep leaves from a
stairway that North Carolina Sen. John Edwards, the vice presidential candidate,
was about to use during a separate event. He's also had to fight off the nagging
cold that's been passed around the Democrats' bustling office.

But still he considers himself fortunate to have another chance to help a
Democrat run for President. "I don't know how much longer they're going to ask
me to do this," he said. "But this one is big and important." Dolan's steady
hand is appreciated by his younger colleagues. "He also has the enthusiasm of
someone who's never worked in a campaign before," said an admiring Justin
Hamilton, the Democrats' press secretary here.

Republicans have made such pro bono politicking easy. Through the "Special
Teams" program, Senate Republicans have dispatched about 700 lobbyists and
Capitol Hill staffers to Alaska, Oklahoma, Washington state, South Carolina,
South Dakota and Louisiana, some with a stipend for transportation and lodging.

Democratic lobbyists are just as dedicated and are flocking to the same places,
especially South Dakota, where Daschle is running neck-and-neck with former
Republican U.S. Rep. John Thune. In addition to Fazio, independent lobbyist
Frederick H. Graefe and Julie Domenick, who directs the D.C. office of Loeffler
Jonas & Tuggey LLP, have flown to Sioux Falls. So has the youngest of Graefe's
four daughters, who is now on Daschle's campaign staff.

The labor is so intense and all-consuming that the
lobbyists-turned-campaign-aides sometimes need a break. Steve Ricchetti, a
former deputy chief of staff to President Bill Clinton and now a lobbyist in his
own firm, has been helping to lead the Kerry campaign in his native Ohio for six
weeks. But he's done so only four or five days each week before taking a
breather back home in Washington. "You have to be able to tuck in the kids at
night, too," he said.

In the final days of this election campaign, however, not many lobbyists will
take time to rest -- for their own sake as well as their party's. "If our team
loses," said Ed Rogers, chairman of Barbour, Griffith & Rogers, "it's bad for
business."

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              232 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             March 11, 2012 Sunday
                                 CITY-C Edition

The price of battle;
Teachers union spent millions last year in its lobbying against governor.

SECTION: NATIONAL; P-com In Politics; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 797 words



Are you in the governor's crosshairs? Does he want to enact policies that you
object to? Care to respond?

No problem. It'll cost you just $10,875,011.

That's what Gov. Christie's chief nemesis, the New Jersey Education Association
teachers union, spent last year for "communications" lobbying: an anti-Christie
campaign that featured TV ads, radio spots, and a plane that flew up and down
the Jersey Shore proclaiming Christie's love for millionaires.

The ads are needed, the NJEA says, to counter Christie's free arsenal (his
regular national TV interviews, 45-minute news conferences and near-weekly town
hall meetings) and the firepower of his allies (multimillion-dollar ad campaigns
by a pro-Christie political action committee, supportive talk shows on 101.5 FM,
and the state Republican Party, which recently sent two young videographers to
NJEA headquarters hoping to catch union bosses doing something unflattering).

The NJEA's total lobbying cost last year was $11.3 million, tops in the state
and $10 million ahead of No. 2. (Compare the union's Pennsylvania counterpart,
which spent $4.2 million on lobbying and politicking last year, according to a
new study by the Commonwealth Foundation.)

It also helped set a record. More was spent lobbying Trenton in 2011 ($73
million) than ever - 11 percent more than in 2010, according to the state
Election Law Enforcement Commission (ELEC). And the total for 2010, Christie's
first year in office, was up 14.5 percent over 2009.

The Christie era is turning out to be boom times for lobbyists and ad makers.

Experts say that's because a Republican governor is grappling over big issues
with a Democratic legislature. "You have this powerful personality who in his
words is trying to turn Trenton upside down," says political scientist Brigid
Harrison at Montclair State University.

Adds Ben Dworkin, director of the Rebovich Institute for New Jersey Politics at
Rider University: "The state capital is not a backwater little town. We are
arguing over billions of dollars and some very significant public policy
issues."

Christie can push his side by dint of office and personality. Countering that by
getting a legislator drunk on Merlot at lunch doesn't cut it anymore.

"The 21st century certainly has arrived for lobbyists in New Jersey," said Jeff
Brindle, the executive director of ELEC.

The NJEA ads didn't stop the governor from signing a landmark law that forces
teachers to pay more for medical and retirement benefits. But most of Christie's
other plans for remaking the educational system have not gone through - yet.

"And yes, we did spend a lot of members' money on it, and they wanted it," said
Steve Wollmer, NJEA spokesman. "The governor doesn't have to pay to get out his
message. The governor has a press conference like he did today, and you guys
show up."

Yes, we do. His attacks on the salaries, personalities, and priorities of NJEA
officials is news - and of interest to readers.

Asked about the union's spending habits last Wednesday at a news conference,
Christie said: "I feel badly for teachers who are paying dues every year to have
that kind of garbage be put on the air."

"Is this really what teachers want their money spent on?" Christie asked. He
suggested the NJEA use its cash to fund teacher benefits and merit pay. If he
were a teacher, he said, "I'd be pretty angry this morning about the way they
spend their money."

But are teachers angry? I asked that question on Twitter, and it sparked a
tremendous reaction on anti-Christie Facebook teacher forums:

"They're fighting on my behalf. Why would I be mad?"

Some said they wished the NJEA spent more: "If I'm frustrated with my union,
it's not because they're fighting back; it's because they need to fight back
even harder!"

Several repeated a bit of misinformation: that their dues don't pay for attack
ads against the governor. Wollmer said the money for last year's extraordinary
advertising blitz came from organization reserves, which were funded by past
years' dues.

Yet Christie - who was a registered state lobbyist himself from 1999 to 2001 -
said there's more to it. He doesn't believe the NJEA's reported costs fully
account for its efforts. He declined to specify what he meant, except to say
that he didn't think the union was doing anything illegal.

"And he wonders why we have to advertise to set the record straight?" Wollmer
asked. "He can stand up in front of you, the entire press corps, and lie, lie! -
I'm sorry I'm getting a little p - ed - and what are we supposed to do?"

Looks as if Christie might have bought himself another ad, just like that.

Contact Matt Katz

at 609-217-8355 or mkatz@phillynews.com, or

follow on Twitter @mattkatz00. Read his blog, "Christie Chronicles," at
www.philly.com/ christiechronicles.


LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Bemidji Pioneer (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 11, 2009 Thursday

Local government lobbying expenses up

BYLINE: Brad Swenson, The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 984 words


Jun. 11--Lobbying costs by local governments rose nearly 10 percent in 2008, an
apparent signal that they want more from government -- or less done to them.

Local governments spent a total of $8.55 million on lobbying activities in 2008,
an increase of $732,398 or 9.4 percent over 2007, according to a report issued
Wednesday by State Auditor Rebecca Otto.

"The operation and funding of local governments can be greatly affected by
decisions made by the state Legislature. Therefore, it is understandable that
those affected by these decisions would want to have representation during the
legislative process," said a statement from Otto's office.

In addition to the $3.9 million paid directly to staff and contract lobbyists,
local governments paid dues of $10.25 million in 2008 to local government
associations that also represented their interests before the Legislature, the
report states.

The associations spent $4.6 million on lobbyists and lobbying in 2008,
representing an increase of 9.6 percent over 2007. Of the total, $4.29 million
was funded exclusively through dues, the report states. It represents an
increase of 10.1 percent over the $3.9 million in association dues that were
spent on lobbying activities in 2007.

The report doesn't distinguish lobbying expenses between St. Paul and
Washington, D.C., as it lists 2008 lobbying expenses for Beltrami County of
$34,175, which includes $30,000 to David Turch & Associates as a contracted
lobbyist for the county in Washington.

Beltrami County is a member of the Association of Minnesota Counties, paying
dues of $13,917 or which 30 percent or $4,175 is attributed to lobbying
expenses.

The city of Bemidji spent $31,666 in association dues, of which $22,869 is for
lobbying expenses. The Coalition of Greater Minnesota Cities, with dues of
$21,918, puts 99 percent or $21,694 to lobbying expenses. The League of
Minnesota Cities' dues are $9,748, with 12 percent or $1,170 going to lobbying.

The Coalition of Greater Minnesota Cities was the state's top lobbyist in 2008,
spending $1.03 million lobbying in St. Paul. Its primary lobbyists, Flaherty &
Hood P.A., received $878,721, for its services.

The League of Minnesota Cities spent the second-most money on lobbying in 2008,
$624,549, followed by the Minnesota School Board Association at $581,511 and the
Association of Minnesota Counties at $335,845.

The Bemidji School District paid $9,789 in association dues, of which $3,919 is
targeted for lobbying expenses. Minnesota School Board Association dues of
$7,389 had 42 percent or $3,103 to lobbying. The Minnesota Rural Education
Association's dues of $2,400 had 34 percent of $816 to lobbying.

David Turch & Associates received $132,000 in 2008 from Minnesota local
governments.

The state auditor's report shows that most local government entities surveyed in
Minnesota belonged to at least one association in 2008 -- 44.7 percent -- and
that 48.1 percent belonged to two associations.

"Local governments more frequently use contract lobbyists than utilize their own
staff to provide lobbying services," states the report. "Contract lobbyists
accounted for $2,573,765, or 65.8 percent, of the total amount spent by those
governments using contract or staff lobbyists. Local governments spent
$1,243,890 on staff lobbyists to represent their interests before the
Legislature and other governmental bodies. In addition, local governments
reported an additional $92,446 in overhead costs related to lobbying services in
2008.

The Association of Minnesota Counties reported $1.1 million collected in dues,
with 30 percent or $335,390 spent on lobbying. The League of Minnesota Cities
collected $2.5 million in dues and spent 12 percent or $305,435 on lobbying. And
the Coalition of Greater Minnesota Cities collected $1.04 million in dues and
spent 99 percent or $1.03 million on lobbying.

The Minnesota Association of Small Cities collected $145,507 in dues and spent
74 percent or $107,675 on lobbying. The Minnesota School Board Association
collected $1.4 million and spent 42 percent or $581,511 on lobbying.

In area lobbying expenses, Bena and Wilton spent the least -- $39 -- derived
from $323 in membership dues each to the League of Minnesota Cities.

Most local governments in the Bemidji area lobbying through their association
dues. Aside from Beltrami County contracting with David Turch & Associates,
Koochiching County contracted with Federal Advocates ($12,000) and Flaherty &
Hood PA ($3,104).

Lobbying expenses in the region for 2008 include:

- Beltrami Soil and Water Conservation District -- Minnesota Association of Soil
and Water Conservation Districts, $1,375 dues, $509 for lobbying.

- Cass County -- Association of Minnesota Counties, $13,115, $3,934.

- Bagley -- Coalition of Greater Minnesota Cities, $603, $597; League of
Minnesota Cities, $1,179, $141; Minnesota Association of Small Cities, $716,
$530; total dues, $2,498, lobbying expenses, $1,208.

- Blackduck -- LMC, $727, $87; MASC, $451, $334; total dues, $1,178, $421.

- Cass Lake -- LMC, $808, $97.

- Walker -- LMC, $1,075, $129; MASC, $657, $486; total dues $1,732, lobbying
$615.

- Clearwater County -- AMC, $5,051, $1,515.

- Hubbard County -- AMC, $9,826, $2,948.

- Blackduck School District -- Minnesota School Board Association, $2,736,
$1,149.

- Kelliher School District -- MSBA, $1,856, $780; Minnesota Rural Education
Association, $1,317, $448; total dues $3,173, $1,228.

- Red Lake School District -- MSBA, $3,692, $1,011.

bswenson@bemidjipioneer.com

To see more of The Bemidji Pioneer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.bemidjipioneer.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090611-JI-Local-government-lobbying-expenses-up-0611

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JI


                                 Copyright 2009


                              234 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                             April 24, 2011 Sunday

Teva's US lobbying spending soars;
For the first time, Teva spent over $1 million on lobbying in a quarter.

BYLINE: Shiri Habib-Valdhorn

LENGTH: 250 words


Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (Nasdaq: TEVA; TASE: TEVA) sharply increased
its spending on lobbying in the US in the first quarter of 2011. For the first
time, the company spent over $1 million on lobbying in a quarter: $1.44 million,
76% more than in the corresponding quarter of 2010, according to the lobbying
report filed by Teva Pharmaceuticals USA Inc.

Teva more than doubled its spending on lobbying in US compared with the
preceding quarter. It spent $2.9 million on lobbying in US in 2010 as a whole.

Teva lobbies Congress, the US administration, the Office of Patents and
Trademarks, US Trade Representative, and other federal agencies. In 2009, it
quit the Generic Pharmaceutical Association (GPhA) to lobby independently in the
US.

Teva's lobbying goes beyond its generic drugs business to include women's health
issues as part of the US healthcare reform, patents, and issues relating to
US-Israeli trade agreements.

Teva spends more on lobbying in the first quarter than its US generic peers:
Mylan Inc. (NYSE: MYL) spent $742,000, and Watson Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NYSE:
WPI) spent $650,000. However, Teva's spending is much less than the spending by
big pharma companies: Eli Lilly & Co. (NYSE: LLY) spent almost $2.5 million;
Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) spent over $3.5 million, and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:
PFE; LSE: PFZ) spent $3.8 million.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
April 24, 2011

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2011

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            April 14, 2010 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

POINT OF VIEW;
STUDY GIVES OKLAHOMA POOR GRADE;
Lobbying in state lacks transparency

BYLINE: JASON CLEMENS AND LLOYD BILLINGSLEY

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 559 words


Recent scandals, runaway spending and ongoing fiscal crises have all boosted
interest in lobbying. Washington, D.C., deserves the scrutiny, but so does
Oklahoma.

The Sooner State ranked a disappointing 41st among the 50 states in lobbying
transparency with a score of 42.1 percent, according to our study "State-Level
Lobbying and Taxpayers." This recent study examined state lobbying disclosure
laws and accessibility to the disclosed information.

Oklahoma ranked 44th in disclosure with a score of 37.8 percent. In all, 37
aspects of Oklahoma's lobbying laws were examined, including the breadth of
registration for lobbying activities, the degree of reporting required and
exemptions for government. Oklahoma's laws achieved only 14 of the 37 components
analyzed. The state's disclosure laws need to be improved, but that alone is not
enough. The information disclosed must be accessible in a timely and clear
manner.

The study analyzed 22 components of accessibility, including whether current and
historical data were available, and its level of detail. The study  assessed how
users could sort and analyze data by different criteria, and rated the
accessibility of the Web site. Oklahoma received a score of 10.2 out of the 22
criteria, ranking it 21st in the nation, but the state's problems go beyond
disclosure and accessibility.

Oklahoma doesn't subject all lobbying to the same standards. The state requires
individuals in the private sector to register and report their lobbying
activities but exempts certain people in the public sector, even though they
pursue the same activities, with taxpayers footing the bill. For example,
Oklahoma exempts lobbying principals, government agencies and public entities
from registering lobbying activity. Oklahoma even fails to define what
constitutes a public entity, a serious omission.

State-level lobbying is important because key legislation hangs in the balance,
and a great deal of money is involved. Unfortunately, Oklahoma's Web site
provides no information on the aggregate amount of money spent on lobbying each
year. That figure would prove useful to those seeking reform.

Recent scandals have moved some to call for prohibition of lobbying, but that
approach is misguided. As long as governments tax, spend and regulate, there
will be a legitimate need for lobbying. But taxpayers need to know what
legislators are doing with their hard-earned money.

This calls for transparency, and data that are easily accessible to all. Just as
important, double standards are not acceptable. Lobbying by state governments
and their many agencies should be subject to the same regulatory standards as
lobbying by the private sector. The need for transparency should be especially
apparent because governments can use taxpayer dollars to finance advocacy for
viewpoints with which taxpayers often disagree.

Oklahoma could stand some improvement on all counts, particularly its disclosure
laws. Such reform would pay off in the form of improved behavior from lobbyists
and it would enforce greater discipline on the lobbying process. More
transparency, and a single standard, would also make for better government in
Oklahoma and set an example for states across the nation.

Clemens is director of research, and Billingsley is editorial director, at the
Pacific Research Institute (www.pacificresearch.org).

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OPINION

GRAPHIC: Jason Clemens

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              236 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            April 14, 2010 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

POINT OF VIEW;
STUDY GIVES OKLAHOMA POOR GRADE;
Lobbying in state lacks transparency

BYLINE: JASON CLEMENS AND LLOYD BILLINGSLEY

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 559 words


Recent scandals, runaway spending and ongoing fiscal crises have all boosted
interest in lobbying. Washington, D.C., deserves the scrutiny, but so does
Oklahoma.

The Sooner State ranked a disappointing 41st among the 50 states in lobbying
transparency with a score of 42.1 percent, according to our study "State-Level
Lobbying and Taxpayers." This recent study examined state lobbying disclosure
laws and accessibility to the disclosed information.

Oklahoma ranked 44th in disclosure with a score of 37.8 percent. In all, 37
aspects of Oklahoma's lobbying laws were examined, including the breadth of
registration for lobbying activities, the degree of reporting required and
exemptions for government. Oklahoma's laws achieved only 14 of the 37 components
analyzed. The state's disclosure laws need to be improved, but that alone is not
enough. The information disclosed must be accessible in a timely and clear
manner.

The study analyzed 22 components of accessibility, including whether current and
historical data were available, and its level of detail. The study  assessed how
users could sort and analyze data by different criteria, and rated the
accessibility of the Web site. Oklahoma received a score of 10.2 out of the 22
criteria, ranking it 21st in the nation, but the state's problems go beyond
disclosure and accessibility.

Oklahoma doesn't subject all lobbying to the same standards. The state requires
individuals in the private sector to register and report their lobbying
activities but exempts certain people in the public sector, even though they
pursue the same activities, with taxpayers footing the bill. For example,
Oklahoma exempts lobbying principals, government agencies and public entities
from registering lobbying activity. Oklahoma even fails to define what
constitutes a public entity, a serious omission.

State-level lobbying is important because key legislation hangs in the balance,
and a great deal of money is involved. Unfortunately, Oklahoma's Web site
provides no information on the aggregate amount of money spent on lobbying each
year. That figure would prove useful to those seeking reform.

Recent scandals have moved some to call for prohibition of lobbying, but that
approach is misguided. As long as governments tax, spend and regulate, there
will be a legitimate need for lobbying. But taxpayers need to know what
legislators are doing with their hard-earned money.

This calls for transparency, and data that are easily accessible to all. Just as
important, double standards are not acceptable. Lobbying by state governments
and their many agencies should be subject to the same regulatory standards as
lobbying by the private sector. The need for transparency should be especially
apparent because governments can use taxpayer dollars to finance advocacy for
viewpoints with which taxpayers often disagree.

Oklahoma could stand some improvement on all counts, particularly its disclosure
laws. Such reform would pay off in the form of improved behavior from lobbyists
and it would enforce greater discipline on the lobbying process. More
transparency, and a single standard, would also make for better government in
Oklahoma and set an example for states across the nation.

Clemens is director of research, and Billingsley is editorial director, at the
Pacific Research Institute (www.pacificresearch.org).

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OPINION

GRAPHIC: Jason Clemens

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              237 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 2, 2016 Thursday

Maziarz accepts job with lobbying firm

BYLINE: Niagara Gazette, Niagara Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 399 words


June 02--A representative of a prominent New York lobbying firm has confirmed
the hiring of former state Senator George Maziaz as the head of its Western New
York division.

Multiple media outlets, including the Albany Times Union and Politico, reported
Wednesday that Maziarz has joined the company, which bills itself as a
specializing in "government affairs and media relations."

The firm has offices in Albany, Buffalo, New York City and Panama. PLA announced
the new hire through a prepared statement.

"We are thrilled that Senator Maziarz has agreed to assume a top leadership role
in PLA," said PLA founder Patricia Lynch in the statement. "Few people in state
government have been more respected and admired. He's a person of unique skill
and vision who will help guide PLA's efforts in one of the most dynamic regions
of the state."

Lynch served as an aide to Democrat and ex-state Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver
prior to forming the lobbying firm which has since grown into one of the largest
of its kind in New York.

"Through the years, Pat and her staff at PLA have been leaders in the government
affairs sector," Maziarz said. "They've done great work in public advocacy and
development and I'm pleased to be joining their outstanding team."

Maziarz also secured a job in February with the Niagara Falls Memorial Medical
Center as a consultant under a contract that hospital officials said would pay
him between $2,000 and $3,000 per month.

During his 20 years in the state senate, Maziarz occupied several key positions,
including the Senate's Energy and Telecommunications Committee, the Senate Labor
Committee, the Senate Aging Committee, and the Committee on Tourism, Recreation,
and Sports Development. He was also chosen by his colleagues for key leadership
roles in the Senate Republican Campaign Committee.

He left office in July of 2014, formally announcing his retirement due to a
desire to spend more time with his family. His departure came amid reports of an
ongoing federal probe into his campaign committee's finances by the office of
U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara. Maziarz has
not been formally accused of any criminal activity and has previously denied any
wrongdoing.

___ (c)2016 the Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, N.Y.) Visit the Niagara Gazette
(Niagara Falls, N.Y.) at www.niagara-gazette.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160602-NF-Maziarz-accepts-job-with-lobbying-firm-0602-20160602

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NF


                         Copyright 2016 Niagara Gazette


                              238 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            August 16, 2011 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Hospice lobbyists battle over Medicare payment system

BYLINE: Kelly Kennedy, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 660 words


For-profit hospice organizations have spent more than $1million this year
lobbying to prevent Medicare from reducing payments to try to curb the soaring
cost of hospice care.

The nation's two largest for-profit hospice companies, Vitas and Gentiva, have
together spent $1,188,100 on lobbying this year, records show. Their top
priority is a bill by Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., that would require the Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services, which runs the Medicare program, to test a new
payment system for two years.  That program wouldn't start until October 2013,
the bill states, which would delay any changes in payments for at least four
years.

In the first half of 2011, Vitas paid $390,000 to Washington lobbyists,
according to lobbying reports. The company receives 90% of its revenue from
Medicare and Medicaid, according to its  filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. The document shows they are lobbying because "Medicare and
Medicaid programs are increasing pressure to control health care costs and to
decrease or limit increases in reimbursement rates."

Gentiva spent $798,100 in the same time period on lobbying, saying Wyden's bill
is its top legislative priority.

Gentiva officials declined to comment when asked about its lobbying efforts, and
those from Vitas did not return calls.

Both companies face a series of fraud investigations by state and federal law
enforcement agencies, and have paid multiple fines, SEC filings show. Wyden's
office also did not return calls. The bipartisan bill has 11 co-sponsors.

Meanwhile, the trade groups representing hospice companies have formed the
Hospice Action Network, which has enlisted at least four lobbying firms to
promote the Wyden bill. The network has spent $607,476 this year.

The Hospice Action Network has also distributed materials to court members of
Congress, including a sample letter from a hospice patient criticizing other
health care interests for hiring lobbyists. The letter asks why Congress targets
hospice programs for waste, fraud and abuse: "Could it perhaps be because these
programs lack the millions of dollars that lobbyists are spending daily to
protect big corporate profits?"

The change in billing rules comes in response to complaints that for-profit
hospice agencies "cherry-pick" patients who will require less-expensive care,
such as for Alzheimer's or neurological disorders, rather than cancer patients,
but then receive the same flat rate of $143 a day as do non-profit hospices that
tend to take on more-expensive patients. Medicare spending on hospice rose 70%
from 2005 through 2009 to $4.31 billion,  Medicare records show. In 2009, 56%
hospices were for-profit, up from 13% in 1992.

"As long as these programs are taking care of people, there's no reason for them
not to take on a certain population of patients as part of their business
model," said Don Schumacher, president of the National Hospice and Palliative
Care Organization.

A 2005 study in the Journal of Palliative Medicine found that large, publicly
traded for-profits had profit margins nine times higher than large non-profits.
In 2010, Gentiva collected $326.2million from Medicare for hospice care,
compared with $68.8 million in 2009, according to SEC filings. That's in large
part because it has been buying smaller hospices.

Vitas has also been growing: In 2008, its  revenues were $808.4 million, and in
2010, $925.8million. It  projects an annual increase in admissions of between 5%
and 7%.

Last year's health care law includes a change in the payment system, but that
has not happened yet.

"I'm confused as to why they're putting it off when there seems to be an
abundance of reports showing the perverse incentive created by the current
system," said Josh Perry, a hospice finance expert and professor of business and
ethics at Indiana University. "But clearly, the major players -- the Vitases --
would have a motivation to push off any payment changes for as long as
possible."

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Julie Snider, USA TODAY (Bar graph)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 16, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Local lawmakers leaning on lobbyists Competition for federal funds is stiff

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten; Carl Weiser; Gannett News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 1059 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- The Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission spends $ 300,000
a year on a Washington lobbying firm, even though the state lays
claim to Republican Rep. Bud Shuster, who as chairman of the transportation
committee exerts more control over highway projects than any House
member.

Given the competition for federal dollars in Washington, turnpike
commission spokeswoman Kathy Liebler says, it "pays off to have
someone representing your interests."

The commission isn't alone.

Public bodies, from city councils to highway commissions to counties,
are turning more to lobbyists to nab federal dollars or shift
public policy here to their liking. They are spending local tax
money for tasks traditionally shouldered by congressional delegations.


At least $ 34.3 million in taxpayers' money was paid to Washington
lobbyists last year, up from about $ 30 million in 1997, a computer-assisted
Gannett News Service analysis of public lobbying records shows.

Many local officials insist they must hire professional lobbyists
to help them navigate Washington's bureaucracy because members
of Congress and their staffs don't have the time or expertise.

State and local officials know that if they don't hire a lobbyist,
"somebody more aggressive will get the money," says Paul Hendrie
of the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics, which compiled
the reports to Congress that GNS analyzed.

Or, as David Turch, who lobbies for several public agencies in
California, said of his skills, "You cut through the crap and
know where the buttons are."

State and local agencies are relatively minor players in the lobbying
business, easily outmatched by corporations that spent about $ 1.4
billion last year and $ 1.2 billion in 1997.

Critics, however, question a system in which tax money is spent
to lobby elected officials in Washington.

"It's a very sad commentary on representative democracy when
states and water districts feel they need their own hired guns
to shake down the next level of government," says Pete Sepp of
the National Taxpayers Union in Alexandria, Va.

The Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1996 requires lobbyists to identify
their clients, issues they are lobbying on and their pay. Records
reflect just part of what public bodies spend, however. Thirty-two
states and several major cities send paid staffers here to protect
their interests, but they do not have to register as being among
the more than 20,500 lobbyists on Capitol Hill.

Disclosure records also offer an incomplete picture. Time spent
monitoring legislation does not have to be reported as lobbying,
for instance. Although the law calls for a fine up to $ 50,000
for failing to disclose lobbying activity, it is not enforced.
Still, the records show:

-- The Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands paid more
than $ 3 million last year to protect its garment industry, until
officials of the tiny U.S. territory in the Western Pacific realized
they had run out of money for such an expensive lobbying effort.

-- Monroe County, N.Y., officials deployed their lobbyist to
pressure their local congresswoman, Democratic Rep. Louise Slaughter,
when she threatened to hold up federal funds for a freshwater
cooling system the county's water authority wanted to build. Slaughter
relented, and the county got $ 1.5 million.

-- Mississippi officials paid a lobbyist $ 100,000 to snare more
military construction money for their state, although they are
represented by the most powerful member of the Senate, Majority
Leader Trent Lott.

Lobbyists can prove helpful, Lott says, but "generally my attitude
is: I'll do the work for the people of Mississippi. I'm already
on retainer."

Sometimes politicians don't take kindly to seeing constituents
hire lobbyists for a job they see as their own. The Senate's senior
Democrat, Robert Byrd of West Virginia, banned the use of federal
grant money to hire lobbyists after his state's university retained
a Washington firm to prospect for federal money in the late 1980s.

Some public officials say lobbyists help them compete for federal
funds. Take last year's $ 218 billion highway bill.

With Shuster chairing the House Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee, Pennsylvania led all states in getting "high priority"
projects: 186 worth $ 801 million.

Still, the state's turnpike commission is paying Baker, Donelson,
Bearman & Caldwell $ 300,000 a year to lobby here. The lobby
firm, in turn, shares some of the work -- and some of the money
Pennsylvania drivers pay in tolls -- with lobbyist Ann Eppard,
a former top aide to Shuster.


Spending on lobbying rises

Cities and other public agencies seeking federal money or policy
changes are increasingly turning to lobbyists. Those public bodies
spent $ 34 million last year -- more than I n1997, but still dwarfed
by the roughly $ 1.4 billion spent by big business.

Corporate spending on federal lobbying
In billions
1998$1.4
1997$1.2

The Lobbying Disclosure Act requires lobbyists to identify their
clients, the issues they advocate and the dollar amount of the
contract.

Lobbyist/client contracts
'9815,705
'9712,960
Registered federal lobbyists
'9920,512
'9818,590
'9714,946

Private industry accounted for the bulk of money spent to lobby
the White House and Congress in 1998. Top public agency spenders
were Puerto Rico and the Northern Mariana Islands, U.S. territories
that do not have voting members in Congress.

Top 10 lobbying spenders
(1998, in millions)
British American Tobacco$25.1
Philip Morris$23.0
Bell Atlantic$21.2
U.S. Chamber of Commerce$17.0
American Medical Association$16.8
Ford Motor Co.$13.8
Business Roundtable$11.6
Edison Electric Institute$11.0
American Hospital Association$10.5
Blue Cross/Blue Shield $9.1
Top public agency lobbying spenders
(1998)
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico$4.0 million
Commonwealth of the Northern
     Mariana Islands$1.3 million
City and County of Denver$840,000
Los Angeles County$720,000
Miami/Dade County$690,000
City of Chicago$500,000
City of Sacramento$470,000
San Diego County$460,000
Orange County, Calif.$459,000
Metro Transit Authority of
Harris County, Texas$420,000

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, GNS, Source:GNS research by Robert Benincasa(Bar graphs,
Pie charts); PHOTO, b/w, Heather Martin Morrissey, Gannett News Service; David
Turch: 'You cut through the crap and know where the buttons are,' says the
lobbyist for several public agencies in California.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              240 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            March 14, 1996, Thursday

LOBBYISTS CAN AFFORD PENTHOUSE

BYLINE: By KIMBERLY SCHAYE Daily News Albany Bureau

SECTION: News; Pg.  27

LENGTH: 583 words


Albany - Led by nervous health industry officials, special interest groups
shelled out a ecord $ 46.9 million on lobbying to influence state lawmakers and
the governor last year, a new report shows.

Health care groups, fighting deep Medicaid spending cuts, spent more than $ 7.3
million in a bid to convince Gov. Pataki and state legislatorsto soften the cuts
enacted in 1995.

Overall lobbying expenses for the year jumped $ 7.8 million from 1994, the
largest annual increase ever, according to the report by the Temporary State
Commission on Lobbying.

The big winners were politically connected lobbying firms including several with
partners or counsels who are backers of Gov. Pataki and other influential state
officials.

Government watchdogs called the jump in fees "frightening" and called on state
lawmakers to outlaw campaign contributions and gifts from lobbyists to state
officials, and strengthen lobbying reporting requirements.

"These dollar figures are too great, the growth has been too rapid, to say that
nothing bad is going on here," said Andrew Greenblatt, executive director of
Common Cause.

Health care officials said the industry was forced to spend big lobbying bucks
because the Medicaid cuts would affect vital treatment in hospitals, nursing
homes and other facilities.

"We're fighting for our lives," said Kenneth Raske, president of the Greater New
York Hospital Association.

Raske, whose organization represents 174 hospitals and nursing homes in the New
York City area, said most of the $ 1.9 million spent by the group paid for
television ads designed to raise public attention about the cuts.

Overall, the lobbying commission reported that such spending on "advocacy
advertising" jumped from $ 250,000 in 1994 to $ 6 million last year.

New York City spent $ 487,090 on lobbying last year, down from 1994, when the
city was the second-highest spender. City lobbyists urged state lawmakers to
provide local welfare relief. They also lobbied unsuccessfully against a law
shifting city police and fire labor disputes from a city panel to a state
agency.

Davidoff & Malito headed the list of top-grossing firms, raking in more than $ 2
million. The total nearly doubled the 1994 lobbying income reported by the
Manhattan firm, where Robert Malito, a key backer of Gov. Pataki and Sen.
Alfonse D'Amato (R-N.Y.), is a partner.

The No. 2 top earning lobbying firm was Wilson, Elser, Moskowitz, Edelman &
Dicker, with $ 1,850,221. Ken Shapiro, a former counsel to Assembly speakers Mel
Miller and Stanley Fink, is a partner.

GRAPHIC: TOP TEN 1995 FIRMS AND LOBBYISTS

CLIENTS COMPENSATION AND EIMBURSED EXPENSES

Greater NY Hospital Association $ 1,181,706

NYS United Teachers 1,165,447

AT&T Corp. and its companies 1,157,667

Healthcare Association of NYS 1,038,404

Civil Service Employes Assn & PAC 994,577

Emergency Coalition/NY's Healthcare 976,640

Public Employes Federation 546,357

City of New York 487,090

NYS AFL-CIO 490,266

United Federation of Teachers 400,519

LOBBYISTS COMPENSATION AND REIMBURSED EXPENSES

Davidoff & Malito $ 2,096,466

Wilson, Elser, Moskowitz 1,850,221

Edelman & Dicker

Hinman, Straub, Pigors & Manning, P.C.  1,627,528

Shulklapper & Vacek, P.C.  1,117,846

Coppola/Ryan 1,060,596

Bogdan & Faist, P.C.  999,520

Vandervort, Hill, & Gosdeck M 957,006

Whiteman, Osterman, & Hanna 944,152

Gibney, Anthony & Flaherty 817,112

Maggie Boepple Associates, Ltd.  684,356

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1996 Daily News, L.P.


                              241 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                             July 17, 2000, Monday

TRUMP PROBED IN CASINO LOBBYING BLITZ

BYLINE: Fredric U. Dicker State Editor

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 005

LENGTH: 970 words


ALBANY - The state is investigating Donald Trump and the head of the nation's
largest gaming company for possible illegal lobbying, The Post has learned.

Sources told The Post that the state Lobbying Commission began a "formal
investigation" of Trump, the megabuilder who owns several Atlantic City casinos,
and Arthur Goldberg, president of Park Place Entertainment of New Jersey, late
last week.

The probe, which the sources said could result in criminal charges, focuses on
personal efforts by Trump and Goldberg to kill highly controversial
casino-related legislation considered by the Legislature last month.

Trump and Goldberg spent hundreds of thousands of dollars hiring prominent,
politically connected lobbyists to influence the Legislature on the measure -
which could have brought an Indian-owned casino to the Catskills.

While they reported those expenditures to the Lobbying Commission, neither man
registered as a lobbyist at the time.

The sources said Goldberg belatedly sought to register as a lobbyist last week
after learning the investigation had begun.

But they said his effort was viewed by officials as an after-the-fact effort to
escape charges.

Commission investigators believe Trump and Goldberg - both nationally known and
highly influential businessmen - were actively involved in lobbying lawmakers on
the gambling measure.

Trump told The Post he did "virtually no work on a personal basis" lobbying the
legislature and contended that all laws had been followed.

Goldberg spokesman Matt Rose said the Park Place executive had "casual
conversations with not more than two people" about the gaming legislation.

"Then he realized he should play it safe and he decided he should register,"
Rose continued.

Under state law, anyone whose efforts to influence the Legislature are valued at
$2,000 or more must register with the Lobbying Commission within 10 days of
their activities.

Violations are punishable with fines of up to $25,000 and can lead to criminal
misdemeanor charges, with a penalty of up to a year in jail.

Lobbying Commission Executive Director David Grandeau, who has been leading a
stepped-up effort to enforce lobbying laws in the wake of last year's Philip
Morris scandal, refused to discuss the probe.

But Grandeau implicitly conceded its existence. "We don't comment on pending
investigations," Grandeau told The Post.

The commission probe also focuses on a top aide to Trump, Roger Stone, a
well-know political consultant who was a lobbyist on the casino measure.

Stone, who registered as lobbyist through his Washington-based company, Ikon
Inc., lobbied state lawmakers last spring and even flew - on what investigators
believe was a Trump-supplied private plane - to Syracuse to talk with
then-Assembly Majority Leader Michael Bragman.

State officials say the cost of the flight - and who paid for it - should have
been reported to the Lobbying Commission but was not.

Meanwhile, lawmakers told The Post that they were lobbied by Goldberg and Trump.

Democrat Assemblyman Jacob Gunther of Sullivan County said Goldberg urged him to
support delaying the passage of the Indian gaming legislation - with the promise
that he might invest up to $1 billion in the Catskills.

A June 22 edition of the Albany Times-Union newspaper also said Goldberg was
engaged in "intense lobbying" on the gambling bill.

A New York City lawmaker, who demanded anonymity, told The Post Trump urged him
to oppose the legislation.

The lawmaker said Trump also urged him to incorporate "poison pill" clauses -
such as a requirement for union-scale wages for the building of a casino - in
the measure to make it less palatable.

Trump referred follow-up questions on his involvement to Ed Wallace, a lawyer
who oversees his lobbying efforts.

Wallace said Trump had spent "less than an hour" this year talking to lawmakers
about the gambling measure, a time commitment he valued at about $1,500, under
the $2,000 threshold.

Commission investigators are known to believe, however, that Trump's lobbying
efforts were worth far more than the claimed amount.

Asked about The Times-Union report of "intense lobbying" by Goldberg, spokesman
Rose had "no comment on that."

Trump and Goldberg spent hundreds of thousands of dollars this year hiring
politically connected lobbyists to influence the gambling bill.

The state Lobbying Commission was armed with increased enforcement powers last
December in the wake of a scandal involving the Philip Morris Corp., whose
Albany lobbyist failed to disclose thousands of dollars spent on lawmakers.

Philip Morris was fined a record $75,000 in the wake of the scandal and the
lobbyist, Sharon Portnoy, was fined $15,000.

The Lobbying Commission has the authority to impose fines on violators.

Findings of criminal violations of the lobbying law are referred to the Albany
County district attorney.

DID TRUMP GAMBLE OR LOSE?

Here are some of the heavyweights Donald Trump has hired to lobby on casino
issues, and the monthly retainer he pays for their services:

Jeff Buley, counsel to the state Republican Party, $7,500.

David Dudley, former counsel to Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno, $7,500.

David Langdon, former chief-of-staff for state Senate Democrats, $7,500.

Rick Ostroff, former aide to Gov. Mario Cuomo, $5,000.

Douglas Rudnik, boyfriend of top Pataki adviser Zenia Mucha, $7,500.

Frank Sanzillo, former chief-of-staff for state Senate Democrats, $15,000.

Brian Meara, friend and adviser to Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, $5,000.

Arthur Goldberg's casino lobbyists include:

Former Assembly Ways and Means Committee Chairman Arthur Kremer, $7,500 per
month.

James Featherstonhaugh, a long time friend and adviser to Cuomo, $37,500 for a
six-month retainer.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              242 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 5, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

G.O.P. Legislative Aide Quits Albany Post to Join Hospital

BYLINE: By JAMES DAO,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 564 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Jan. 4


Just as the State Legislature is preparing for a difficult session of budget
negotiations, the top aide to the Senate majority leader announced today that he
had resigned to work for a New York City hospital and medical school.

Paul F. Macielak, co-counsel to Senator Ralph J. Marino and a top health-care
negotiator for the Republicans who control the Senate, said he would join New
York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center as a vice president and vice provost later
this month. Mr. Macielak, who has been a key adviser to state Republican
officials for 20 years and was considered one of the most influential people in
Albany, is the fourth top legislative aide to resign since last summer.

Because he made his resignation effective on Dec. 31, 1992 -- during the
previous legislative session -- Mr. Macielak can lobby in Albany this year on
behalf of his new employer without violating ethics rules, state ethics
officials said. The new legislative session officially opens on Wednesday.

Mr. Macielak, 42 years old, said he did not intend to become directly involved
in lobbying in Albany. However, an Albany-based lobbyist will report to Mr.
Macielak, who will be in charge of the medical center's government affairs and
public relations.

"I don't see this as a direct relationship and therefore not a conflict of any
kind," Mr. Macielak said.

Raising an Ethics Issue

But critics of the state's ethics rules said Mr. Macielak's situation
underscores weaknesses in the law.

"Legislative employees, many of whom are more powerful than the people who they
work for, can leave their state jobs and take lobbying jobs practically the next
day," said Celia Viggo Wexler, legislative director for New York State Common
Cause, a public-interest lobbying group.

State laws governing lobbying by former state employees are least restrictive
for legislative staff employees. After resigning, those employees must wait
until the following legislative session before they begin lobbying in Albany --
in Mr. Macielak's case, one day -- said Frank J. Gluchowski, counsel to the
legislative ethics committee. Legislators must wait two years after leaving
office before they can lobby state agencies.

Similarly, employees of the state executive branch cannot lobby their former
agencies for two years after quitting their jobs. And those employees can never
lobby a state agency on any matter in which they were personally involved during
state service, said Walter C. Ayres, a spokesman for the state ethics
commission.

Powerful in Albany Cirlces

Mr. Marino is known for delegating many responsibilities to his staff, which
made Mr. Macielak a powerful figure in Albany politics. He departs at a critical
time for the Legislature, which is about to begin debating how to close a budget
gap that could be as large as $4 billion and mitigate an increase in health
insurance rates.

Mr. Macielak is the fourth of a powerful group of legislative aides to leave
Albany politics in the last six months. Last summer, James A. Yates, counsel to
Assembly Speaker Saul Weprin, resigned to become a Court of Claims judge. Eugene
Tyksinski, secretary to the Senate Finance Committee, retired last fall. And
last week, Carl Carlucci, secretary to the Assembly Ways and Means Committee,
resigned to accept an administrative position at the State University of New
York at Albany.

NAME: Paul F. Macielak

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Paul F. Macielak (David Jennings)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              243 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            January 3, 2012 Tuesday

Lobbying for Kosovo in US continues for more than two decades

LENGTH: 445 words


Text of report by public Radio-Television Kosovo TV on 2 January

[Presenter] Albanians living in the USA continue to lobby for the national
cause. The Albanian-American lobby is distinguished for the decades-long work
for freedom and independence of Kosovo. This lobbying continues to this day, to
ensure international support and economic development.

[Reporter] The USA has been rightfully called the main ally and a great friend
of Kosovo by many politicians, as the USA has assisted Kosovo through its most
difficult times. The Lafayette Park here in Washington DC, also known as the
Presidential Park, had during the nineties seen many gatherings where
Albanian-Americans would come from all over the US to voice their requests to
the White House, to engage in the resolution of the Kosovo issue, to help with
the freedom of Kosovo people.

The Albanian-American League and the National Albanian-American Council have
made an enormous effort to influence the agenda of US politics for the benefit
of the Albanian cause and especially the Kosovo cause over the last two decades.
These two organizations have been established and financed by the Albanian
community in the USA.

Kosovo state has now hired a famous Washington lobbying company Patton Boggs LPP
to make the communication between Kosovo and the branches of the US government
easier. The lobbying is considered as a very important part of governance
nowadays, to fill in the gaps which for various reasons cannot be covered by the
government or its representations. Lobbying as such is protected by the US
Constitution, through the provisions that defend the free speech and the right
to petition.

The concept of Albanian lobbyist, the all-Albanian concept for a common cause
through specific programmes in benefit of Albania and Kosovo has now changed; it
is much different from what it was in the nineties. The main line of Albanian
lobbyists was that the resolution of the Kosovo issue leads towards the US
interest in Balkans; peace, democracy and the development of market economy.
These goals are considered to have been achieved now with Kosovo being
independent and all of its state institutions functioning. Kosovo has an embassy
in Washington and it is represented by an Ambassador. The US institutions are
visited by Kosovo officials from both government and opposition on monthly
basis. Their visits are very important and they could be seen as a part of the
lobbying efforts in Kosovo's benefit. In the years of building democratic
institutions and strengthening the independence, the US assistance is most
important and available at all times.

Source: RTK TV, Pristina, in Albanian 1830 gmt 2 Jan 12

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2012 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           December 9, 2010 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Lobbying firm settles with Cuomo in investigation of pay-to-play deals

BYLINE: By Tom Precious - NEWS ALBANY BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 685 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


One of Albany's most influential lobbying firms is the latest to be ensnared in
Attorney General Andrew M. Cuomo's pay-to-play investigation of investment
dealings involving the massive state and local government pension fund while
Alan G. Hevesi was state comptroller.

Patricia Lynch, a former top adviser to Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, has
agreed to pay the state $500,000 and be banned from lobbying the State
Comptroller's Office for five years.

Her firm -- a top-tier lobbying group with offices in several locations,
including Buffalo and Panama City, Panama -- also is barred from business
dealings with any public pension fund in the state during the ban.

Dallas-based Aldus Equity, an outside pension fund advisory firm, agreed to pay
millions of dollars in restitution in the latest settlement resulting from
Cuomo's "pay-to-play" probe of the pension fund for state and local government
workers.

Cuomo's office said Lynch's firm "sought to curry favor" with Hevesi -- whose
state position made him the sole trustee of the pension fund -- by obtaining
campaign donations for him and arranging a $12,000-per-month consulting job with
one of her clients for the daughter of the girlfriend of Hevesi's former chief
of staff.

At the start of the probe, Jack Chartier, Hevesi's former top aide, was involved
with actress Peggy Lipton, of "Mod Squad" fame.

The attorney general also said Lynch "improperly obtained" $52,000 in placement
fees from New York City pension funds representing police and firefighters.
Lynch's firm, Cuomo said, did not have the required federal securities license
for such business dealings.

On numerous occasions, Cuomo said, Lynch was involved in trying to persuade the
state pension fund to do business with one of her lobbying clients.

"Gifts, favors and campaign contributions are not a legitimate basis for
government contracts or special treatment," Cuomo said. "Lobbyists whose stock
in trade is pay-to-play have no business appearing before government agencies
that safeguard taxpayer dollars. Those who market investments must follow the
rules, and lobbyists are no exception."

Lynch's firm is one of Albany's largest lobbying operations. Its partners
include former Assembly Majority Leader Paul A. Tokasz of Cheektowaga. Its
Buffalo-area clients include the City of Buffalo, Delaware North Cos., Buffalo
State College, the Catholic Health System and the Buffalo Niagara Medical
Campus.

Tokasz and the Buffalo entities were not a part of the pension fund
investigation.

The company "is pleased to put the matter behind us," said Darren Dopp, a
spokesman and partner in Lynch's firm.

Cuomo's probe has recovered $160 million for the state and resulted in eight
guilty pleas from, among others, Hevesi and Hank Morris, a longtime Democratic
consultant.

In settlement papers with Lynch's firm, Cuomo said Lynch directly contributed or
helped "bundle" tens of thousands of dollars in political donations to Hevesi.
The document -- signed personally by Cuomo and Lynch -- said Lynch enjoyed
"preferred access" to top officials at the Comptroller's Office during the reign
of Hevesi, a former Assembly Democrat who was forced to resign in 2006 in a
separate corruption scandal.

Cuomo announced the settlement just weeks before he is to take office as
governor.

Later Wednesday, Cuomo announced a settlement with Jerry Weiss, a longtime
Albany political fixture who has been involved in the campaigns of Mario M.
Cuomo, the incoming governor's father.

Weiss' long history with the Democratic Party, includes government work while
Mario Cuomo was lieutenant governor in the early 1980s.

The attorney general said Weiss, who is of counsel to the law firm Hiscock &
Barclay, did not hold a securities license when -- as a partner with Lynch in a
separate limited liability corporation -- he helped broker a pension fund
investment deal between a private investment firm and the New York City
Comptroller's Office.

Weiss has agreed to turn over to the state $52,000 he obtained in fees for the
representation of GF Capital Private Equity, and pay a $26,000 fine.

e-mail: tprecious@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sharon Cantillon/Buffalo News Andrew M. Cuomo attacks the use of
"gifts, favors and campaign contributions."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             April 12, 2009 Sunday

Study shows the power of lobbyists

BYLINE: By Walt Rubel

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 512 words


The right to petition our government is one of the foundations upon which our
representative democracy was built. But the people who make their living
exercising that right are among the most reviled in U.S. politics.

Lobbyists.

It's one of the few things in Washington that Republicans and Democrats can
agree on. During the presidential campaign, both candidates tried to outdo each
other in disparaging lobbyists and vowing that they would reduce their influence
if elected. Despite that, John McCain's campaign was run by a former lobbyist,
and Barack Obama wasted little time in backtracking from his campaign pledge to
keep all lobbyists out of his administration.

A recent study by the University of Kansas showed that, for all the negative
publicity they get, lobbying is one of the few industries experiencing a growth
spurt. Companies and interest groups spent $3.42 billion lobbying Congress and
the federal government in 2008, an increase of 14 percent from the previous
year, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.

And, based on the results of the KU study, they are getting a handsome return on
that investment   as much as 22,000 percent in one case.

The report focuses on 93 firms who spent as much as $282.7 million in 2003 and
2004 lobbying Congress for a one-time tax holiday. The companies that spent
millions to get the bill passed, reaped $62.5 billion through the tax change.

What we don't know, what we never know in these cases, is how many lawmakers, if
any, changed their votes because of the lobbying efforts, and how many would
have voted for the tax holiday anyway. Occurrences of outright vote-buying are
rare. But clearly, lobbying pays off.

A separate study by researchers at three U.S. universities found that for every
10 percent increase in spending on lobbying, a company's annual income rose by a
half percent, on average. So where does that leave the average citizen without
millions to spend on K Street smoothies?

"There's literally no way that you can take an action in Washington by simply
coming to town and sitting around on street corners waiting for it to happen
you really do have to have professional help," Robert S. Walker, a former
Republican congressman who now owns his own lobbying firm, told The Associated
Press.

And that's the problem. It's not necessarily that politicians are bought and
paid for by the big-money lobbyists, but those lobbyists are able to rent some
time that you or I can't.

That doesn't always matter. A veritable dream team of lobbyists working for the
California firm Sun Cal was unable to influence enough votes this past
legislative session to win passage of a proposed tax increment development
district in Albuquerque. A flood of letters and phone calls from concerned
constituents still carries more weight with most lawmakers than a lobbyist
bearing gifts.

An informed and active constituency will always be the best antidote for the
paid lobbyist.

Walter Rubel has been a newsman for more than 25 years and is managing editor of
the Sun-News. He can be reached at wrubel@lcsun-news.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Walt Rubel

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2009 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             April 12, 2009 Sunday

Study shows the power of lobbyists

BYLINE: By Walt Rubel

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 512 words


The right to petition our government is one of the foundations upon which our
representative democracy was built. But the people who make their living
exercising that right are among the most reviled in U.S. politics.

Lobbyists.

It's one of the few things in Washington that Republicans and Democrats can
agree on. During the presidential campaign, both candidates tried to outdo each
other in disparaging lobbyists and vowing that they would reduce their influence
if elected. Despite that, John McCain's campaign was run by a former lobbyist,
and Barack Obama wasted little time in backtracking from his campaign pledge to
keep all lobbyists out of his administration.

A recent study by the University of Kansas showed that, for all the negative
publicity they get, lobbying is one of the few industries experiencing a growth
spurt. Companies and interest groups spent $3.42 billion lobbying Congress and
the federal government in 2008, an increase of 14 percent from the previous
year, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.

And, based on the results of the KU study, they are getting a handsome return on
that investment   as much as 22,000 percent in one case.

The report focuses on 93 firms who spent as much as $282.7 million in 2003 and
2004 lobbying Congress for a one-time tax holiday. The companies that spent
millions to get the bill passed, reaped $62.5 billion through the tax change.

What we don't know, what we never know in these cases, is how many lawmakers, if
any, changed their votes because of the lobbying efforts, and how many would
have voted for the tax holiday anyway. Occurrences of outright vote-buying are
rare. But clearly, lobbying pays off.

A separate study by researchers at three U.S. universities found that for every
10 percent increase in spending on lobbying, a company's annual income rose by a
half percent, on average. So where does that leave the average citizen without
millions to spend on K Street smoothies?

"There's literally no way that you can take an action in Washington by simply
coming to town and sitting around on street corners waiting for it to happen
you really do have to have professional help," Robert S. Walker, a former
Republican congressman who now owns his own lobbying firm, told The Associated
Press.

And that's the problem. It's not necessarily that politicians are bought and
paid for by the big-money lobbyists, but those lobbyists are able to rent some
time that you or I can't.

That doesn't always matter. A veritable dream team of lobbyists working for the
California firm Sun Cal was unable to influence enough votes this past
legislative session to win passage of a proposed tax increment development
district in Albuquerque. A flood of letters and phone calls from concerned
constituents still carries more weight with most lawmakers than a lobbyist
bearing gifts.

An informed and active constituency will always be the best antidote for the
paid lobbyist.

Walter Rubel has been a newsman for more than 25 years and is managing editor of
the Sun-News. He can be reached at wrubel@lcsun-news.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Walt Rubel

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2009 Silver City Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            April 11, 2009 Saturday

COMMENTARY: Study shows power of lobbyists (4 p.m.)

BYLINE: By Walter Rubel Sun-News Managing Editor

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 512 words


The right to petition our government is one of the foundations upon which our
representative democracy was formed. But the people who make their living
exercising that right are among the most reviled in U.S. politics.

Lobbyists.

It's one of the few things in Washington that Republicans and Democrats can
agree on. During the presidential campaign, both candidates tried to outdo each
other in disparaging lobbyists and vowing that they would reduce their influence
if elected. Despite that, John McCain's campaign was run by a former lobbyist,
and Barack Obama wasted little time in backtracking from his campaign pledge to
keep all lobbyists out of his administration.

A recent study by the University of Kansas showed that, for all the negative
publicity they get, lobbying is one of the few industries experiencing a growth
spurt. Companies and interest groups spent $3.42 billion lobbying Congress and
the federal government in 2008, an increase of 14 percent from the previous
year, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.

And, based on the results of the KU study, they are getting a handsome return on
that investment   as much as 22,000 percent in one case.

The report focuses on 93 firms who spent as much as $282.7 million in 2003 and
2004 lobbying Congress for a one-time tax holiday. The companies that spent
millions to get the bill passed, reaped $62.5 billion through the tax change.

What we don't know, what we never know in these cases, is how many lawmakers, if
any, changed their votes because of the lobbying efforts, and how many would
have voted for the tax holiday anyway. Occurrences of outright vote buying are
rare. But clearly, lobbying pays off.

A separate study by researchers at three U.S. universities found that for every
10 percent increase in spending on lobbying, a company's annual income rose by a
half percent, on average. So where does that leave the average citizen without
millions to spend on K Street smoothies?

"There's literally no way that you can take an action in Washington by simply
coming to town and sitting around on street corners waiting for it to happen
you really do have to have professional help," Robert S. Walker, a former
Republican congressman who now owns his own lobbying firm, told The Associated
Press.

And that's the problem. It's not necessarily that politicians are bought and
paid for by the big-money lobbyists, but those lobbyists are able to rent some
time that you or I can't.

That doesn't always matter. A veritable dream team of lobbyists working for the
California firm Sun Cal was unable to influence enough votes this past
legislative session to win passage of a proposed tax increment development
district in Albuquerque. A flood of letters and phone calls from concerned
constituents still carries more weight with most lawmakers than a lobbyist
bearing gifts.

An informed and active constituency will always be the best antidote for the
paid lobbyist.

Walter Rubel has been a newsman for more than 25 years and is managing editor of
the Sun-News. He can be reached at wrubel@lcsun-news.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2009 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              248 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 25, 1995, Monday, Late Edition - Final

On Lobbying, States Must Follow Federal Lead

SECTION: Section A;  Page 14;  Column 4;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 252 words



To the Editor:

While it's encouraging that some type of Congressional action on limiting gifts
and meals to legislators appears imminent (front page, Sept. 18), many state
laws utterly fail to rein in special interest spending.

Our survey of lobbying laws shows that many states do not limit the ability of
lobbyists to shower legislators with gifts, meals, travel and entertainment.
Perhaps more disturbing is that in most states lawmakers may ask for and
lobbyists may give political contributions -- at the same time that the lobbyist
is seeking favors for a high-paying client.

In New York, for example, there is no limit on the amount of money a lobbyist
may spend on a legislator's dining and entertainment. Lobbyists can -- and do --
make contributions to the campaigns of the lawmakers who hold the keys to the
success or failure of their lobbying efforts. These two huge loopholes in New
York's lobbying law helped earn the state a grade of D-plus in our report --
better than only 14 other states.

New York should take a cue from Congress and act promptly and forcefully to ban
gifts and political contributions from lobbyists to legislators and
policy-making officials. This will remove the appearance of undue influence and
go a long way to restoring the public's trust in the way its government conducts
business.

BLAIR HORNER, RUSS HAVEN
Albany, Sept. 20, 1995


The writers are, respectively, legislative director and counsel, New York Public
Interest Research Group.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              249 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 27, 2003 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

With Teacher Unions in Lead, Lobbyists Set Spending Record

BYLINE:  By AL BAKER

SECTION: Section D; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 617 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 26


New York State's largest teachers' union and its largest affiliate, in New York
City, spent a combined $4.8 million on lobbying last year, more than any other
special-interest group seeking influence at the State Capitol or in local
governments.

The figures were included in a report issued today by the Temporary State
Commission on Lobbying, which said spending on lobbying reached a record high of
$92 million last year, compared with $80.4 million in 2001. Only twice in the
last 25 years has spending on lobbying declined from one year to the next.

Last year, for the first time, those lobbying local governments, like New York
City's, were required to report their lobbying activity as of April 1, but those
expenses only increased the total minimally.

David M. Grandeau, the executive director of the commission, said the rise in
spending on lobbying was a reflection of the increased value attached to
legislation. This year, he predicted, despite the state's budget woes, lobbying
will prove to be a recession-proof industry and pass the $100 million mark.

"Some people have a much larger interest in their legislation, because the end
results have much more money attached to them," Mr. Grandeau said. "I don't
think it's unusual, when you're playing for billions of dollars, that you're
going to spend a significant amount of money, in the millions, to get your
message across."

Some "good government" groups, like the New York Public Interest Research Group
and Common Cause, said they were troubled by the influence of money in politics
and government, particularly when the lines between the two blurred.

Blair Horner, the legislative director for the research group, said he was
concerned that tens of millions of dollars used to influence government
decisions about spending had not been captured in the report. He said lobbyists
who tried to influence governmental purchasing decisions were exempt from the
disclosure law.

"And that doesn't make any sense," Mr. Horner said.

The United Federation of Teachers -- the New York City teachers' union --
reported $2.8 million in lobbying expenses. The second-highest spender was the
New York State United Teachers, the state's largest teachers' union, which
reported spending $1.96 million. Spokesmen for both unions said a significant
portion of that money was spent on advertising to draw attention to the need for
certified teachers and to argue for higher teacher salaries.

"Our members have a right to have their voices heard," said Dennis Tompkins, a
spokesman for New York State United Teachers. "This is done through voluntary
contributions. What more important issue is there than the education of our
kids?"

Mr. Grandeau said anecdotal evidence indicated that clients were hiring separate
lobbyists to work with the Assembly, the Senate and the executive branch, a
strategy that some lobbyists confirmed.

Also, more nonprofit organizations are spending more to seek influence, said
Steven B. Weingarten of Weingarten & Reid in Albany, one of the fastest-growing
lobbying firms in terms of revenue last year.

"There are new groups getting involved in a bigger way," Mr. Weingarten said.
"And the established groups are paying more. So, that's why the money keeps
going up and up."

Of course, as Mr. Grandeau said, the 10 professional lobbying firms that earned
the most in the capital last year were the top 10 in 2001. As was the case in
2001, last year, the lobbying firm that earned the most last year, $5.1 million,
was Wilson, Elser, Moskowitz, Edelman & Dicker, based in New York. The firm that
earned the second-highest amount, $3.6 million, was Bolton St. Johns.

"It's the same people, just making more money," Mr. Grandeau said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "THE TOP 10 -- How Much They Spent on Lobbying"Here are the top
10 spending clients for lobbying in 2002 as reported to the State Lobbying
Commission: 1. United Federation of Teachers: $2,803,6742. New York State United
Teachers: 1,962,9063. Public Employees Federation: 1,166,8614. Medical Society
of the State of New York: 1,117,0815. Greater New York Hospital Association:
1,024,9396. Philip Morris Management Corp.: 946,7607. New York City Council:
895,7548. Yankees Entertainment and Sports Network: 785,1879. Business Council
of New York State: 689,51710. Healthcare Association of New York State: 668,248
(Source: State Lobbying Commission annual report)(pg. D5)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              250 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              www.philanthropy.com

                                January 20, 2015

Advocates Poised for Capitol Hill Battle on Donor-Advised Funds

BYLINE: Alex Daniels

SECTION: NEWS; Managing

LENGTH: 1294  words

ABSTRACT

Lobbyists are gearing up for the biggest fight in a decade over tax rules
affecting nonprofits. See how much major nonprofit players spend on lobbying.

FULL TEXT

Lobbyists are gearing up for the biggest fight in a decade over tax rules
affecting nonprofits. One potential change, affecting donor-advised funds, is
bringing out some of biggest players on K Street.

It isn't clear whether Congress will attempt a total revamp of tax law, which
could have sweeping implications for nonprofits. But a lot of the groundwork was
laid last year in a plan by the former chairman of the House Ways and Means
Committee, David Camp (R-Mich.), which will be used as a starting point in the
new Congress, many experts say.

Nonprofits welcomed some of Rep. Camp's proposals, like a lower excise tax on
foundation investments. But other items have vexed nonprofits, including
proposed rules to place a ceiling on executive compensation at charities,
further limits on the charitable deduction, and a reduction in the incentive for
donors to give cash instead of stock or real estate.

Many groups were especially alarmed at another proposal in the bill that would
have forced donor-advised fund managers to pay out their assets to charities
within five years or face a tax penalty. Currently, donors get an immediate tax
deduction when they make a contribution to such funds, but they are not required
to parcel out their gifts to charities within a specified time.

"To say we were surprised is an understatement," says Diana Aviv, president of
Independent Sector, a nonprofit association. Ms. Aviv warns that attempts to
force donor-advised funds to pay out their assets could mean trouble for how
Congress treats all nonprofit endowments and reserves.

A proposed payout requirement would draw heavy lobbying from financial firms who
benefit from the fund's management fees, says Ray Madoff, a professor at the
Boston College Law School and a critic of the funds.

"The accumulation of charitable dollars financially benefits lots of people,"
she says. "They're going to lobby to maintain that protection."

Mr. Camp's replacement at the helm of the Ways and Means Committee, Paul Ryan
(R-Wis.), has not indicated whether he will attempt a total tax rewrite. His
Senate counterpart, Orrin Hatch (R-Utah), chairman of the Senate Finance
Committee, hasn't announced a game plan either. But with the 2016 presidential
race beginning in earnest soon, tax experts say any big tax bill must make
significant progress in the next 12 months.

"It's go time," says Sandra Swirski, a partner at Urban Swirski & Associates who
lobbies on behalf of the Philanthropy Roundtable, an organization that
represents charitable donors.

Ms. Swirski says that until lawmakers signal how big a bite they want to take on
a tax bill, lobbying activity among nonprofits is difficult to predict. But like
Ms. Aviv, she sees Rep. Camp's bill as a threat to charitable giving and has
already started meeting lawmakers, especially newly elected senators and
representatives, to press her case.

"Until you have something in front of you and can read the text that says you
are screwed, it's very difficult to mount a big campaign," she says. "But
waiting until the last moment is not a lobbying plan."

Nonprofits boosted their Capitol Hill presence in 2005 and 2006 to lobby on the
Pension Protection Act of 2006, a law that, among other things, regulated
donor-advised funds. In the years since, donors have poured money into the
giving vehicles; three of the nation's top 10 charities are funds spun off by
large financial firms.

Since passage of the Pension Protection Act, only one of the top funds, the
Fidelity Charitable Gift Fund, has lobbied Congress, and its presence in
Washington has been sporadic. In 2005, the fund spent $460,000 on lobbying,
according to the Center for Responsive Politics, a group that tracks lobbying
spending. Eight years later, the fund zeroed out all lobbying activity. During
the first three quarters of 2014, the fund spent $20,000 engaging Congress.

The other top donor-advised funds-Vanguard Charitable Endowment Program, Schwab
Charitable, and Fidelity Charitable-have not lobbied Congress in the past 10
years. The for-profit financial-services giants that created them have spent
millions trying to influence Congress, but they lobby on a wide variety of
issues and disclosure forms often are vague about which issues they are
pursuing.

The Vanguard Group has spent more than $1-million annually on lobbying for each
of the past four years, but Benjamin Pierce, Vanguard Charitable's president,
says his office maintain separate operations from the corporation, and they
don't discuss lobbying issues.

"We don't talk to them at all," he says. "There's a big firewall."

Silicon Valley Steps In

Some newer donor-advised funds also are starting to chime in about legislation,
albeit at a small scale.

Last year, the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, which manages a
donor-advised fund created by about $1.5-billion in gifts from Facebook founder
Mark Zuckerberg and his wife, Priscilla Chan, lobbied Capitol Hill for the first
time when it spent $20,000 trying to influence lawmakers.

"We will utilize all means available to us" to educate lawmakers and the broader
public during the current session of Congress, Vera Bennett, the foundation's
chief operating officer, wrote in an email.

How much the foundation spends on lobbying will depend on action in Congress,
but Ms. Bennett said there is "significant" work to be done informing lawmakers
about donor-advised funds.

Fidelity Charitable and Schwab Charitable both declined interview requests.
Given their dramatic growth in recent years, nonprofit leaders say the funds
will be an easy target for lawmakers looking for new sources of revenue.

"Financial institutions will be more engaged than ever," says William Daroff,
senior vice president for public policy at the Jewish Federations of North
America. "If the private sector can help us meet our goals, it's a win-win."

"Some of those conversations are already taking place," adds Vikki Spruill,
president of the Council on Foundations. "They're on Capitol Hill already."

Partisan Battles

Although Republicans now control both the House and Senate, nonprofit lobbyists
fear that partisan battles during the last Congress will spill into the current
session.

Last year, Congress frustrated many nonprofit leaders when it did not make
permanent a slate of tax provisions, known as "tax extenders," that are usually
renewed on an annual basis.

Included among the extenders were several items cherished by nonprofits, like
provisions to encourage food and land donations and a tax incentive to make
charitable donations from retirement accounts.

"That political wrangling could not be put aside to help the charitable sector
was a bit hard to swallow," says Sue Santa, the council's senior vice president
for public affairs. "If that's a signal for what's going to happen going
forward, it's very discouraging."

Charities are likely to spend even more this year attempting to influence
Congress than they did during the run-up to passage of the Pension Protection
Act, predicts Lloyd Mayer, associate dean of the University of Notre Dame Law
School.

Mr. Mayer, who lobbied on behalf of nonprofits 10 years ago, said the prospects
of a donor-advised fund payout rule and the possibility of broad changes that
could affect every corner of nonprofit tax law will likely increase activity.

He offered some advice from his previous life as a lobbyist. "In educating the
member, you have to tell them how this effects the local hospital or the
churches and houses of worship in their district," he says. "Those stories will
have traction with members, but you have to go out and find those stories."

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Orrin Hatch
UPI/Kevin Dietsch/Newscom
Advocates Poised for Capitol Hill Battle on Donor-Advised Funds 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                              251 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                              June 29, 2012 Friday

Study: CU only major university to report lobbying for low student loan rates

BYLINE: Brittany Anas Camera Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 781 words


The University of Colorado -- where nearly one in three undergraduates on the
Boulder campus have federal Stafford loans -- was among few organizations that
publicly reported lobbying in favor of a measure to keep interest rates from
doubling to 6.8 percent.

On Friday, Congress passed legislation to keep interest rates at 3.4 percent on
Stafford loans. If Congress didn't act, the rates could have doubled to 6.8
percent on Sunday.



 In the first quarter of 2012, CU spent $169,752 in lobbying expenses, according
to public filings. Among its lobbying efforts was support of an early measure,
H.R. 3826, which sought to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to extend
reduced interest rates for the federal loans.



 CU lobbied for other measures spanning from increases in National Institutes of
Health funding to advocating for the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to locate
a new building in Denver.



 CU doesn't have a line-item figure for how much it spent directly on lobbying
to keep student loan interest rates low. And, while it appears that CU broke
convention by entering the student loan debate -- which became heavily partisan
-- CU system spokesman Ken McConnellogue said the university is a stickler when
it comes to reporting all of its lobbying activities. The approach stems from
when Hank Brown, a former Congressman and an accountant, was president of the
university.



 First Street Research, based in Washington, D.C., published a report this week
examining the lobbying efforts surrounding student loan rates. In the analysis,
CU was the only major public university system that lobbied for H.R. 3826.



 Ten organizations, including CU, cumulatively spent $1.3 million to support
H.R. 3826. The measure also received public support from the U.S. Public
Interest Research Group and various higher education and trade association
groups.



 "I think that part of it is that some universities don't want to get involved
heavily in public policy debates," said Alex Bronstein-Moffly, analyst for First
Street Research.



 And while it's in their interest for colleges to support the measure because it
helps open access to higher education, it's also possible that universities were
noticeably absent because they presumed Congress would pass a measure to keep
rates at 3.4 percent, Bronstein-Moffly said.



 U.S. House Republicans released a budget in March that sought to raise the
student loan rates, and House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan, R-Wis.,
argued that federal funding for student aid has actually made college less
affordable. He said increases in federal financial aid funding are being
absorbed by tuition increases.



 This spring, Democrats and Republicans mostly agreed that Congress should
extend the low rates, but they argued over how to pay for the $6 billion
extension. The legislation that passed is financed partly by changes in pension
laws.



 Last year, 9,500 CU-Boulder students received Stafford loans, according to CU.



 Keeping the rates at 3.4 percent was the topic of President Barack Obama's
visit to Boulder in April. The president delivered a similar message at other
schools in Iowa and North Carolina.



 Earlier this week, the Obama campaign held a house party in Boulder for
students, urging Congress to act before the loan rates doubled. Among the guests
was CU Regent Joe Neguse, D-Boulder.



 "The House of Representatives shouldn't have played politics with student loan
interest rates," Neguse said. "It never should have come to this point in the
first place."



 CU student Nick Wolf, a business student who transferred to the Boulder campus
from a community college in Littleton, expects that he'll graduate with about
$10,000 in student loan debt. He said he's been rooting for the loan rates to
stay at 3.4 percent, and his interest in the legislation escalated following
Obama's speech at the Coors Events Center.



 His parents have also taken out Stafford Plus loans to help fund his education.
Wolf, who expects to graduate in December 2013, is working a marketing job this
summer to help pay for college, as well.



 On average, doubling the rate would have tacked an extra $1,000 of debt onto
the total cost of education and would have affected 7.4 million college students
nationwide, according U.S. Rep. Jared Polis, D-Boulder.



 "This is just the latest example of Congress turning an opportunity for
common-sense compromise into last-minute brinksmanship that could have cost
Americans dearly," Polis said in a statement. "Congress needs to be working to
fix the basic challenges that confront our country rather than engaging in
posturing and politicking."



 Contact Camera Staff Writer Brittany Anas at 303-473-1132 or
anasb@dailycamera.com

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 13, 1999, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

In New York, A Record Fine Over Lobbying

BYLINE: By RAYMOND HERNANDEZ

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1015 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Nov. 12


Philip Morris has agreed to pay a $75,000 fine, the largest ever imposed by
state lobbying regulators, for underreporting the amount of money it spent to
lobby New York lawmakers on tobacco legislation, officials announced today.

In addition, one of the company's chief lobbyists in the Capitol has been barred
from lobbying on any issue before state government for three years, as part of a
settlement with the Temporary State Commission on Lobbying. The lobbyist, Sharon
T. Portnoy, a Philip Morris employee, also agreed to pay $15,000 in fines for
her role in the matter.

Under state law, the company is required to disclose all of its spending on
meals and other gifts it gives to lawmakers in an effort to defeat antismoking
legislation. The commission has yet to decide whether to refer the matter to the
attorney general's office for possible criminal charges.

The penalties stemmed from 15 instances in which the company misrepresented its
lobbying expenses from 1996 to 1998. As part of the settlement, the company also
agreed to allow the lobbying commission to periodically audit its diclosure
statements over the next three years, a step the commission cannot generally
take under current law.

While Philip Morris's expenditures were not fully disclosed to state regulators,
they were listed in thousands of pages of company documents that were released
as part of the litigation between the states and the tobacco industry. A review
of the documents published in The New York Times showed that at least 115
current and former members of the Legislature accepted gifts ranging from meals
at expensive restaurants to tickets for the United States Open tennis tournament
and other cultural and sports events.

At the time, the Legislature was considering proposals that would have weakened
or overturned various municipal antismoking laws. None of the bills passed.

David M. Grandeau, the commission's executive director, said the fines were by
far the largest the panel had ever imposed on a lobbyist or its client. He said
no one had previously been fined more than $5,000, the maximum that can be
imposed for any one infraction.

Commission officials would not comment on the specifics of their findings,
including the amount by which Philip Morris underreported its spending. But
state records indicate that Ms. Portnoy underreported the amount she had spent
by hundreds of thousands of dollars.

Ms. Portnoy claimed in her original filings with the commission that she spent
$190,188 on dinners and other gifts for lawmakers from 1996 to 1998. But in an
amended report recently filed with the lobbying commission as a result of the
inquiry, she said her lobbying expenses during that period totaled $522,817.

In a statement released this afternoon, Philip Morris said, "We are sorry that
our reports were false and inaccurate and we are examining our internal process
to ensure this will not happen again."

Ms. Portnoy could not be reached for comment. But Peggy Roberts, a spokeswoman
for Philip Morris, said Ms. Portnoy had been placed on paid leave indefinitely,
even as she cooperates with the company in filing amended reports with the
commission.

The commission's action was praised by good-government groups; they said it
should serve as a warning to others who might be tempted to break the state's
lobbying laws. But they also said the fines amounted to little more than a slap
on the wrist to a company as vast and profitable as Philip Morris and renewed
their calls for stiffer penalties for such violations.

"The lobbying commission hit Philip Morris as hard as it could under the current
law with one arm tied behind its back," said Blair Horner, legislative director
for the New York Public Interest Research Group.

The commission's inquiry into Philip Morris's activities is its second
concerning the tobacco industry in less than a year. Last December, the Tobacco
Institute, an industry trade group, settled a commission complaint by
acknowledging that it had underreported its lobbying expenses by nearly $450,000
in 1995. The group was not punished, though, because under the relatively
lenient state lobbying laws, lobbyists or clients who admit violating the
disclosure requirements and amend their reports within 15 days are not fined.

Mr. Horner and other critics said Philip Morris's amended filings to the
commission suggested that the company also violated a separate state law on
giving and accepting gifts, and that many legislators had as well. The Public
Officers Law bars anyone from giving a gift worth more than $75 to a policy
maker if that gift could reasonably be seen as an attempt to influence policy.
The rule also bars policy makers from accepting such gifts, and it applies to
legislators, administration officials and their top aides.

It can be difficult, however, to prove that such a gift was intended to
influence policy.

Ms. Portnoy's new filings show that she paid for meals worth $75 or more each
for 71 legislators; for Robert L. King, Gov. George E. Pataki's budget director;
for Peter Delaney, who was the Republican governor's general services
commissioner; and for dozens of legislative aides, including Patricia Lynch, the
influential spokeswoman and adviser to Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, a
Democrat.

Many of the legislators received more than one such meal. Assemblyman Robert A.
Straniere, a Republican from Staten Island, was treated to nine meals worth more
than $75, while Assemblyman Robert C. Wertz, a Suffolk County Republican,
accepted eight.

The sharpest criticism of the Philip Morris settlement came from Attorney
General Eliot L. Spitzer, who called it "horrendous." He said he had called on
the commission to refer the matter to him for a possible criminal investigation.
Mr. Spitzer could presumably consider charges involving the filing of false
statements or attempts to cover up the company's violations. "The agreement
reached today with Philip Morris and Sharon Portnoy was ill-considered and
inadequate from a perspective of insuring public integrity," he said.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              253 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

Piecing together Maine lobbyist reporting puzzle

BYLINE: Darren Fishell BDN Staff

LENGTH: 488 words


Maine's working to update how it presents campaign finance and lobbying reports,
an acknowledgment that moving government transparency online is a long and
ongoing process.


The Bangor Daily News took a closer look at ways of presenting that information,
finding a different perspective on the lawmaking process in 2015.


It's an important part. The disclosed amount paid to communicate with lawmakers
in 2015 equaled one-third of the amount outside groups spent in Maine's
gubernatorial and statewide races in 2014.


But knowing the state's top-paid lobbyists or top-paying lobbying clients is
just one part of a complicated puzzle.


Others, including the Maine Center for Public Interest Reporting and the
National Institute on Money in State Politics, have taken stabs at improving and
presenting those disclosure reports, too.


Pete Quist, research director for the Montana-based National Institute on Money
in State Politics, summarized well the goal of that hunt: "You want to know what
each client is spending, who they're paying and what they're lobbying on. Those
three pieces need to be searchable and linked to the rest."


Maine's a pretty good place to make those links, with more detailed lobbying
disclosure requirements than most states.


But it still required some doing (with thanks to the Maine Ethics Commission for
continuing data accommodations). Here's what we needed:


-- Lobbyist compensation and expenditures by client, which came in the form of a
spreadsheet sent by request from the ethics commission.


-- Year-end PDF lobbying reports, which are available at the ethics commission's
website.


-- Industry classifications for each lobbying client.


-- Database of submitted bills and last action on those bills, which is online
at legiscan.com.


The spending report let us home in on the top 50 lobbying clients. We then added
in individual bills lobbied, from year-end PDF reports, and linked that
information on individual bills from the law tracking site LegiScan.


The challenge was how to display all of that information, putting lobbying
activity and the focus of that activity in one place.


The result was three different views of lobbying activity -- by industry, by
individual clients and by the legislation that earned the most specific
attention.


And that led to some interesting places, like a continuing battle between
doctors and insurers over state law that limits when a doctor can prescribe more
expensive drugs, in a strategy for keeping down health care costs called "step
therapy." And the battle over waste management soldiered on.


Jonathan Wayne, executive director of the Maine Ethics Commission, said the
commission's internal effort to make that information more accessible is another
step in a long-term process to improve disclosure.


Email dfishell@bangordailynews.com with suggestions on how the state could
improve its lobbying disclosures and insights on that information you find the
most interesting.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              254 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

Piecing together Maine lobbyist reporting puzzle

BYLINE: Darren Fishell BDN Staff

LENGTH: 488 words


Maine's working to update how it presents campaign finance and lobbying reports,
an acknowledgment that moving government transparency online is a long and
ongoing process.


The Bangor Daily News took a closer look at ways of presenting that information,
finding a different perspective on the lawmaking process in 2015.


It's an important part. The disclosed amount paid to communicate with lawmakers
in 2015 equaled one-third of the amount outside groups spent in Maine's
gubernatorial and statewide races in 2014.


But knowing the state's top-paid lobbyists or top-paying lobbying clients is
just one part of a complicated puzzle.


Others, including the Maine Center for Public Interest Reporting and the
National Institute on Money in State Politics, have taken stabs at improving and
presenting those disclosure reports, too.


Pete Quist, research director for the Montana-based National Institute on Money
in State Politics, summarized well the goal of that hunt: "You want to know what
each client is spending, who they're paying and what they're lobbying on. Those
three pieces need to be searchable and linked to the rest."


Maine's a pretty good place to make those links, with more detailed lobbying
disclosure requirements than most states.


But it still required some doing (with thanks to the Maine Ethics Commission for
continuing data accommodations). Here's what we needed:


-- Lobbyist compensation and expenditures by client, which came in the form of a
spreadsheet sent by request from the ethics commission.


-- Year-end PDF lobbying reports, which are available at the ethics commission's
website.


-- Industry classifications for each lobbying client.


-- Database of submitted bills and last action on those bills, which is online
at legiscan.com.


The spending report let us home in on the top 50 lobbying clients. We then added
in individual bills lobbied, from year-end PDF reports, and linked that
information on individual bills from the law tracking site LegiScan.


The challenge was how to display all of that information, putting lobbying
activity and the focus of that activity in one place.


The result was three different views of lobbying activity -- by industry, by
individual clients and by the legislation that earned the most specific
attention.


And that led to some interesting places, like a continuing battle between
doctors and insurers over state law that limits when a doctor can prescribe more
expensive drugs, in a strategy for keeping down health care costs called "step
therapy." And the battle over waste management soldiered on.


Jonathan Wayne, executive director of the Maine Ethics Commission, said the
commission's internal effort to make that information more accessible is another
step in a long-term process to improve disclosure.


Email dfishell@bangordailynews.com with suggestions on how the state could
improve its lobbying disclosures and insights on that information you find the
most interesting.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              255 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 25, 2013 Monday

Powerful lobbying firms have North Bay connections

BYLINE: Guy Kovner, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 892 words


March 25--From her office window in downtown Sacramento, Bev Hansen can look
across L Street to the neoclassic Capitol building, the seat of government for a
state with 38 million residents and the world's eighth-largest economy.

Hansen, a former Republican assemblywoman from Santa Rosa, left her lawmaker's
seat 21 years ago, but still values her view of who's coming and going from the
building where California's laws are made.

News reports make that process seem the work of a governor and 120 elected
legislators.

But that's ignoring the role of a well-financed army of 1,500 registered
lobbyists paid by more than 3,700 organizations -- including businesses, trade
groups and local government agencies -- to protect and enhance their interests.

Four of the busiest lobbying firms have North Bay connections. Hansen's firm
stands atop the heap, with $12.8 million in payments during the 2011-12
legislative session.

Overall, about 400 lobbying firms reported more than $345 million in payments.
Ninety-one firms received more than $1 million; 126 firms got less than
$100,000.

The three biggest spenders on lobbying were the California State Council of
Service Employees, Western States Petroleum Association and California Teachers
Association, at more than $8 million each.

Winning the money race "doesn't make me happy," said Hansen, a co-founder and
partner at Lang, Hansen, O'Malley & Miller Governmental Relations. "Our goal is
to get results for our clients."

Any lobbying firm is "always a client or two away" from losing its financial
supremacy, she said, and Hansen's firm has some big-spending clients.

Hollywood Park Racing Association, Citizens for Fire Safety Institute
(representing manufacturers of toxic flame retardants) and Altria Client
Services (representing the Philip Morris tobacco company) each paid Lang Hansen
$600,000 or more, according to lobbying financial disclosure reports to the
state.

Wal-Mart and FedEx Corp. each paid the firm about $360,000.

What she's truly proud of, Hansen said, is her firm's rating in a 2010 survey of
state lawmakers conducted by Capitol Weekly as "best large lobbying firm."

Her company shared that rating with Capitol Advocacy LLC, a firm started in 1999
by John Latimer, who previously worked as chief of staff to former Assemblywoman
Valerie Brown, a Sonoma Valley Democrat who took over Hansen's Assembly seat in
1992. When Brown was termed out six years later, Latimer ran for her seat but
lost the Democratic primary to Pat Wiggins of Santa Rosa.

Latimer switched to lobbying, joining Sonoma resident Darius Anderson at the
inception of Platinum Advisors LLC before starting his own firm. Capitol
Advocacy was fourth on the money list, with $9.8 million in 2011-12.

Chip Nielsen Jr., a Marin County lawyer, is a senior partner in Nielsen,
Merksamer, Parrinello, Gross & Leoni LLP, a combination law and lobbying firm
that placed third on the lobbying money list with $11.3 million.

Anderson's Platinum Advisors was in seventh place, with $8.6 million in
payments. Anderson is a principal of Sonoma Media Investments, which owns The
Press Democrat.

Lobbying, a high-stakes game played mostly behind the scenes, depends on knowing
the right people and how the lawmaking process works.

"I think we're well-connected," Anderson said. "I think we give great advice."

Anderson, who also owns a real estate development firm, started out as an aide
to former North Coast Rep. Doug Bosco more than 20 years ago. His star began
rising in Sacramento during former Gov. Gray Davis' tenure, cut short by a voter
recall in 1993.

But Anderson's lobbying fortunes continued growing during Arnold
Schwarzenegger's administration, bolstered by Anderson's close friendship with
Susan Kennedy, a Democrat who was the Republican governor's chief of staff.

Republicans outnumber Democrats on Platinum Advisors' staff today, including
Brian Lungren, brother of former Attorney General Dan Lungren, who lost the 1998
gubernatorial race to Gray Davis.

Platinum Advisors' major clients include AT&T and Orange County, which paid the
firm $535,000 and $528,779, respectively.

Orange County officials credited Platinum with arranging a meeting last summer
with Assembly Speaker John Perez, D-Los Angeles, leading to legislation that
restored $48 million to the county budget, the Los Angeles Times reported.

Hansen's firm includes two heavyweight Democrats, Bob Giroux, an advisor to John
Burton during his tenure as state Senate president pro-tem, and George Miller
IV, son of East Bay Rep. George Miller, a confidant of House Democratic Leader
Nancy Pelosi.

Sacramento lobbyists come largely from the ranks of legislative staffers, who
know the ropes better than many lawmakers, especially since term limits were
imposed by voters in 1990.

David McCuan, a Sonoma State University political scientist, said he knew a
staffer who "crossed the street" into lobbying and quadrupled his salary.

California's $93 billion state budget and its nearly $2 trillion economy means
there is plenty at stake, he said. Knowing how to kill a bill is as important as
getting one passed, McCuan said.

The lobbyist's chief asset is "knowing the informal byways of the institution,"
he said.

___ (c)2013 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130325-UR-Powerful-lobbying-firms-have-North-Bay-connections-20130325

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2013


                              256 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 24, 2013 Sunday

Powerful lobbying firms have North Bay connections

BYLINE: Guy Kovner, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 892 words


March 24--From her office window in downtown Sacramento, Bev Hansen can look
across L Street to the neoclassic Capitol building, the seat of government for a
state with 38 million residents and the world's eighth-largest economy.

Hansen, a former Republican assemblywoman from Santa Rosa, left her lawmaker's
seat 21 years ago, but still values her view of who's coming and going from the
building where California's laws are made.

News reports make that process seem the work of a governor and 120 elected
legislators.

But that's ignoring the role of a well-financed army of 1,500 registered
lobbyists paid by more than 3,700 organizations -- including businesses, trade
groups and local government agencies -- to protect and enhance their interests.

Four of the busiest lobbying firms have North Bay connections. Hansen's firm
stands atop the heap, with $12.8 million in payments during the 2011-12
legislative session.

Overall, about 400 lobbying firms reported more than $345 million in payments.
Ninety-one firms received more than $1 million; 126 firms got less than
$100,000.

The three biggest spenders on lobbying were the California State Council of
Service Employees, Western States Petroleum Association and California Teachers
Association, at more than $8 million each.

Winning the money race "doesn't make me happy," said Hansen, a co-founder and
partner at Lang, Hansen, O'Malley & Miller Governmental Relations. "Our goal is
to get results for our clients."

Any lobbying firm is "always a client or two away" from losing its financial
supremacy, she said, and Hansen's firm has some big-spending clients.

Hollywood Park Racing Association, Citizens for Fire Safety Institute
(representing manufacturers of toxic flame retardants) and Altria Client
Services (representing the Philip Morris tobacco company) each paid Lang Hansen
$600,000 or more, according to lobbying financial disclosure reports to the
state.

Wal-Mart and FedEx Corp. each paid the firm about $360,000.

What she's truly proud of, Hansen said, is her firm's rating in a 2010 survey of
state lawmakers conducted by Capitol Weekly as "best large lobbying firm."

Her company shared that rating with Capitol Advocacy LLC, a firm started in 1999
by John Latimer, who previously worked as chief of staff to former Assemblywoman
Valerie Brown, a Sonoma Valley Democrat who took over Hansen's Assembly seat in
1992. When Brown was termed out six years later, Latimer ran for her seat but
lost the Democratic primary to Pat Wiggins of Santa Rosa.

Latimer switched to lobbying, joining Sonoma resident Darius Anderson at the
inception of Platinum Advisors LLC before starting his own firm. Capitol
Advocacy was fourth on the money list, with $9.8 million in 2011-12.

Chip Nielsen Jr., a Marin County lawyer, is a senior partner in Nielsen,
Merksamer, Parrinello, Gross & Leoni LLP, a combination law and lobbying firm
that placed third on the lobbying money list with $11.3 million.

Anderson's Platinum Advisors was in seventh place, with $8.6 million in
payments. Anderson is a principal of Sonoma Media Investments, which owns The
Press Democrat.

Lobbying, a high-stakes game played mostly behind the scenes, depends on knowing
the right people and how the lawmaking process works.

"I think we're well-connected," Anderson said. "I think we give great advice."

Anderson, who also owns a real estate development firm, started out as an aide
to former North Coast Rep. Doug Bosco more than 20 years ago. His star began
rising in Sacramento during former Gov. Gray Davis' tenure, cut short by a voter
recall in 1993.

But Anderson's lobbying fortunes continued growing during Arnold
Schwarzenegger's administration, bolstered by Anderson's close friendship with
Susan Kennedy, a Democrat who was the Republican governor's chief of staff.

Republicans outnumber Democrats on Platinum Advisors' staff today, including
Brian Lungren, brother of former Attorney General Dan Lungren, who lost the 1998
gubernatorial race to Gray Davis.

Platinum Advisors' major clients include AT&T and Orange County, which paid the
firm $535,000 and $528,779, respectively.

Orange County officials credited Platinum with arranging a meeting last summer
with Assembly Speaker John Perez, D-Los Angeles, leading to legislation that
restored $48 million to the county budget, the Los Angeles Times reported.

Hansen's firm includes two heavyweight Democrats, Bob Giroux, an advisor to John
Burton during his tenure as state Senate president pro-tem, and George Miller
IV, son of East Bay Rep. George Miller, a confidant of House Democratic Leader
Nancy Pelosi.

Sacramento lobbyists come largely from the ranks of legislative staffers, who
know the ropes better than many lawmakers, especially since term limits were
imposed by voters in 1990.

David McCuan, a Sonoma State University political scientist, said he knew a
staffer who "crossed the street" into lobbying and quadrupled his salary.

California's $93 billion state budget and its nearly $2 trillion economy means
there is plenty at stake, he said. Knowing how to kill a bill is as important as
getting one passed, McCuan said.

The lobbyist's chief asset is "knowing the informal byways of the institution,"
he said.

___ (c)2013 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130324-UR-Powerful-lobbying-firms-have-North-Bay-connections-20130324

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2013


                              257 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 18, 1995, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

THE 104TH CONGRESS: LOBBYING;
The 'Contract' Gets New Ally On the Right

BYLINE: By RICHARD L. BERKE,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section D;  Page 19;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 528 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 17


Muffling for the time being the Christian Coalition's rallying cries on school
prayer, abortion and homosexuality, the group's leader said today that the
coalition would mount its most ambitious lobbying drive ever for passage of the
House Republicans' legislative agenda.

In an address at the Detroit Economic Club, Ralph Reed, the group's executive
director, said religious conservatives deserved credit for the Republican
successes at the polls last November. And he made it clear that his group
expected to be a central player in pressing for the Republicans' "Contract With
America."

"We will launch the largest single lobbying effort in our history," Mr. Reed
said, "beginning tomorrow when all 50 of our state chairmen fly to Washington to
personally work for passage of the balanced budget amendment."

Mr. Reed said the coalition would spend more than $1 million on a lobbying
campaign through "phone banks, fax networks, satellite television, computerized
bulletin boards, talk radio and direct mail." Just as the group distributed
literature in the 1994 elections on candidates' positions on issues, Mr. Reed
said it would publish more than 60 million pieces of literature in the next two
years "informing people of faith" how lawmakers voted on elements of the
contract.

His speech today at a club that is a meeting place for Detroit's business
establishment was Mr. Reed's latest effort to win broader acceptance for his
organization and to expand its purview beyond a short list of social matters.

"Ralph Reed and the Christian Coalition have cast their lot with the Republican
Party," said John C. Green, a political science professor at the University of
Akron who is an authority on religious conservatives. "The Republican control of
Congress makes it more likely that their agendas will be dealt with."

While the coalition did not embrace the contract -- the blueprint on which many
House Republican candidates, including the new Speaker, Newt Gingrich, ran in
last year's campaign -- the group's shift in tactics to seek greater legitimacy
by highlighting economic issues was apparent within months after President
Clinton's election. At that time, the coalition mobilized against the
Administration's budget and economic proposals, and later opposed Mr. Clinton's
health care plan.

In today's speech, Mr. Reed said his group's concerns are "much broader than
voluntary school prayer" and include "limiting the size of government, replacing
the welfare state with a compassionate society and securing religious freedom
for all."

Mr. Reed also made clear that the Christian Coalition would continue to inject
itself into the political fray. In the speech, he recalled the Democratic
attacks on religious conservatives in the campaign last fall and called on
Senator Christopher J. Dodd of Connecticut, who Mr. Clinton picked last week to
head the Democratic National Committee, to "repudiate the religious bigotry
employed by your party during the last campaign."

In response, Senator Dodd said that "intolerance of any kind is unacceptable,"
and that he hoped Mr. Reed's challenge "applies to all political points of
view."

NAME: Ralph Reed

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Ralph Reed

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              258 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             April 22, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

After oil spill, firms spend more to lobby;
BP, Transocean cite exploration, drilling as issues

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 493 words


A year after an explosion killed 11 workers and triggered the worst oil spill in
U.S. waters, two companies at the center of the Deepwater Horizon oil rig
disaster intensified their spending heavily to influence federal policymakers,
new lobbying reports show.

Oil giant BP spent $2 million on federal lobbying efforts during the first three
months of this year, a 25% increase over the same period in 2010. Transocean,
which owned and operated the drilling rig in the Gulf of Mexico, spent much
less: $110,000 this year, according to reports filed this week in Congress.
That's in sharp contrast to the the first three months of 2010 when Transocean
reported no lobbying activity in Washington.

"The fallout from the disaster persists, and so do their lobbying efforts," said
Dave Levinthal of the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics, a group that
tracks money in politics.

"Transocean barely lobbied, and the moment they were caught in Congress' cross
hairs, they ramped up their efforts considerably," he added. "In a way that's
predictable; but in a way, it's instructive in how Washington works."

Lobbying records show BP  has sought to shape bills in Congress that would speed
up oil drilling in the Gulf and implement the recommendations of a presidential
commission that investigated the massive spill.

The commission blamed BP and its business partners for a slew of engineering and
management failures in the run-up to the April 20, 2010, oil rig blowout and
called for sweeping changes, including legislation to increase the current
$75-million-per-spill liability cap on companies. BP has established a $20
billion relief fund for spill victims, but legislation to remove the liability
cap has stalled in Congress.

BP also has stepped up its political giving, donating $29,000 to Republican
candidates and GOP committees, according to an analysis by the Center for
Responsive Politics. No candidates accepted money from BP in 2010 after the
spill, the center found.

BP spokesman Scott Dean would not discuss the company's lobbying activity or its
campaign contributions.

"Our lobbying disclosures are a matter of public record, and they speak for
themselves," he said.

Lobbying activity slowed for several other companies involved in the Deepwater
Horizon operation. For instance, Halliburton, the energy services company that
supplied concrete to stabilize the oil well, spent $85,000 to lobby Congress and
federal agencies during the first three months of the year -- down from $120,000
during the same period in 2010.

In an e-mail, Halliburton spokeswoman Cathy Mann said the company's lobbying
interests range from climate-change policy to tax issues. "As many companies do,
we participate in this important political process," she said of its lobbying.

Transocean cites oil and gas exploration and offshore drilling as among the
issues it sought to influence in Washington this year.

Transocean officials did not respond to requests for comment.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Julie Snider, USA TODAY

DOCUMENT-TYPE: WASHINGTON

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 15, 1999, Wednesday, Final Edition

MARYLAND NOTEBOOK; Commission Reconsiders Rules for Lobbying

Daniel LeDuc, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: PG EXTRA; Pg. M24

LENGTH: 1406 words



It was veteran Maryland lobbyist James Doyle who summed it up best: "There are
many people in the state who believe 'lobbying ethics' is an oxymoron."

But there they were anyway, Doyle and 12 other members of the Study Commission
on Lobbyists Ethics, which met for the first time last week and will work
through autumn studying the laws regulating the hundreds of lobbyists who work
in Annapolis.

The commission was formed by lawmakers who decided it was time to find out
whether regulations on lobbyists were adequate. The study comes a year after a
similar commission looked at legislative ethics and recommended many changes in
how legislators can interact with lobbyists--changes that many lobbyists said
they've found confusing or illogical.

Former delegate Donald B. Robertson, of Montgomery County, is chairman. He has
scheduled meetings almost weekly between now and November, including a public
hearing whose participants will include Common Cause, the League of Women Voters
and a professional organization of lobbyists.

The study comes at a time when lobbying is a thriving business in Maryland.
There are 571 people registered to lobby, far more than just a decade ago. And
there are some important new trends as well, John O'Donnell, executive director
of the State Ethics Commission, told the study group. The Ethics Commission
registers lobbyists and is the clearinghouse for the lobbyists to report their
clients, fees and expenses.

"The number of employers [or clients] is growing faster than the number of
lobbyists," O'Donnell said. "What that really means is that more and more power
is being placed in the hands of less and less."

He said that the top 24 lobbyists accounted for about half of all the lobbying
fees. That means those lobbyists frequently have closer relationships with
legislators and more influence.

Changes in lobbying laws that take effect Oct. 1 may only heighten that
influence. Although lobbyists will be barred from buying meals for individual
lawmakers, they still will be allowed to entertain legislative committees and
delegations.

Those group dinners usually are held at the toniest restaurants in Annapolis and
can cost several thousand dollars. That means a lobbyist with deep pockets still
can entertain, but one on a tighter budget will have it tougher.

"I can't take a single legislator out for a bottle of beer. Yet if I can finagle
enough money from my clients, I can throw the most lavish dinners," said Doyle,
a member of the study group who is considered the dean of the lobbying corps.
"That's an inconsistency that makes no sense. It's a reform that doesn't work."

The new law hasn't even taken effect yet, but it's already in practice: In 1995,
lobbyists reported spending $ 416,000 for one-on-one meals with lawmakers,
O'Donnell said. By 1998, that dropped to $ 57,000. In that same period, spending
on dinners and receptions for groups of legislators more than doubled, from $
245,000 to more than $ 500,000.

In the first six months of this year, O'Donnell said, one-on-one meals amounted
to $ 22,000. But lobbyists spent $ 556,000 on group dinners and receptions.

In addition to Robertson and Doyle, the other panel members are lobbyists Annie
Kronk, William Pitcher and Joel Rozner; Sens. Michael J. Collins (D-Baltimore
County) and Brian E. Frosh (D-Montgomery); Dels. John S. Arnick (D-Baltimore
County), Robert H. Kittleman (R-Howard) and Maggie L. McIntosh (D-Baltimore);
and public members Herbert Alexander, a retired University of Southern
California professor, Wilveria Riddick, a Baltimore schoolteacher, and Dorothy
Fait, a Rockville lawyer.

The commission's next meeting will be at the House Office Building in Annapolis
at 8:30 a.m. Sept. 22.


Longtime Official to Retire


Robert L. Swann, a popular state official who served briefly as comptroller
after the death of Louis L. Goldstein last year, has announced that he's
retiring Oct. 1.

Swann, a native of Calvert County, joined the comptroller's office in 1961,
working for Goldstein, who went on to be the longest-serving state official in
Maryland history. Goldstein died in July 1998, and Swann, who was deputy
comptroller, was appointed by Gov. Parris N. Glendening (D) to fill in at the
top job until after that year's election. Former governor William Donald
Schaefer (D) was elected and took office in January. Swann resumed his old job
as deputy, overseeing data processing, general accounting, payroll and budget
functions for the office, which acts primarily as Maryland's tax collector.

"Anything I've achieved in my career I owe to the late comptroller Louis
Goldstein and to my co-workers in the Comptroller's Office," Swann said in a
statement. "And although I'm retiring, I'll always maintain a great interest in
the affairs of the state of Maryland."


Children's Chairmen Named


Del. Mark K. Shriver (D-Montgomery) and Sen. Edward J. Kasemeyer (D-Howard) have
been appointed co-chairmen of the new Joint Committee on Children, Youth and
Families.

The committee of 10 delegates and 10 senators is the first ever in Maryland to
focus on children's issues.

Shriver is founder and executive director of Choice Programs, which helps
juvenile delinquents. He has long been active in children's issues in the
legislature.


Official Switches Counties


Arlington County is losing an important player to Montgomery County.

Jorge M. Gonzalez, assistant county manager, who has been a key player in
Arlington County issues since 1995, is heading across the river to become senior
assistant chief administrative officer for the Maryland suburb.

Gonzalez's new job is the highest position in Montgomery County's merit
employment system.


Trucker Shows Guest the Road


Last Thursday was take-your-transportation-secretary-to-work day for trucker
Dawn Nichol.

Frustrated by the aggressive driving she sees while hauling toys for Toys R Us,
the 31-year-old Gaithersburg woman wrote to Maryland Gov. Parris N. Glendening
(D) in March, pleading for driver education that teaches people to share the
road with trucks.

"I hope you can understand how I feel, and if you can't I invite you to ride
with me one night," she wrote.

She never really expected Glendening to take her up on the offer.

He didn't, but Maryland Transportation Secretary John D. Porcari did, asking her
to meet him at his office at the Department of Transportation headquarters near
Baltimore-Washington International Airport.

Nichol, wearing a black T-shirt she had made that read "God loves truckers too"
on its back, handed Porcari an identical shirt as a gift. She then opened the
truck's passenger door for him, holding it ajar until he climbed way up into his
seat and pulled the seat belt around him.

And then the two were off, alone in a tractor-trailer plastered with a smiling
giraffe, for an eye-opening 35-minute ride along some of Howard and Baltimore
counties' busiest routes.

Early on, a white Geo Metro merging from Interstate 295 onto Interstate 195
darted in front of Nichol on its way to the far left lane, cutting her off and
causing her to tap her brakes hard. There were a few more instances like that as
Nichol and Porcari headed to Interstate 95 north, then to the Baltimore Beltway,
Interstate 70 and Route 29 south and back toward Department of Transportation
headquarters via Route 100 and I-295. Porcari saw how difficult it is for a
truck to switch lanes--no one wants to let a big rig in front of them--and what
massive blind spots trucks have on both sides and behind them.

"I think both personally and professionally it gave me a new perspective,"
Porcari said to a gaggle of television cameras after hopping down from the rig.

Nichol doesn't pretend that all truckers drive safely. She admits that some make
pretty dangerous moves at times. But she thinks most truckers get a bad rap, and
Porcari agreed. Last year, he said, two-thirds of the fatal crashes in Maryland
involving large trucks were caused by the other driver, not the trucker.

Porcari used the event to highlight truck safety, urging motorists to help
truckers by staying out of their blind spots and by remembering that for a truck
to stop completely takes three to four times the distance it takes a car.

"You can't repeal the laws of physics here," he said.



Staff writer Angela Paik contributed to this column.


LOAD-DATE: September 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              260 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                              July 5, 2016 Tuesday
                              Worcester TG Edition

Groups spent $800 million lobbying Minnesota government officials

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; 11

LENGTH: 322 words


ST. PAUL, Minn. -- Special interest groups have spent $800 million lobbying
government officials in Minnesota over the last 13 years, a newspaper analysis
has found.

The St. Paul Pioneer Press review of Campaign Finance and Public Disclosure
Board data also found that the amount of annual spending has doubled and the
number of lobbying clients has tripled.

Groups spent about $36 million on ads, salaries and other resources to influence
government action in 2002, the first year spending had to be reported
electronically, according to the review. In 2013 they spent $74 million. In 2014
they spent $70 million and last year, the last full year for which data was
available, they spent $67 million.

Business interests have dominated the spending annually, making up about half of
the lobbying spending every year since 2002. Utilities have spent the most,
followed by the health industry.

The Minnesota Chamber of Commerce has spent nearly $25 million on lobbying since
2002 on behalf of its business-member organizations. Its interests lie heavily
in the tax and regulatory sectors, but it also lobbies on transportation,
education and the environment. Xcel Energy and Enbridge Energy Partners, which
is seeking to build a pipeline across the state, are also among the top
spenders. Teachers union Education Minnesota has also been one of the top
spenders.

Local governments have stepped up their lobbying presence, increasing their
spending from $5 million in 2002 to nearly $9 million last year.

Spending or the lack thereof doesn't always translate to influence, however.


The National Rifle Association, for example, has spent just $250,000 lobbying in
Minnesota over the past 13 years, ranking 671st in spending among lobbying
groups, yet its stances are well-aired at the Capitol.

The Minnesota Vikings, on the other hand, spent $5.4 million on lobbying between
2002 and 2011 but had no success at getting a stadium approved until 2012.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
                    Life & Health/Financial Services Edition

                                 June 21, 1999

Grassroots Lobbying Stressed By NAHU Brass

BYLINE: BY ALLISON BELL

SECTION: NAHU CONVENTION REPORT; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 550 words

DATELINE: Bal Harbour, Fla.


A call to beef up state-level lobbying operations to protect members and their
customers from bad legislation was made by officers of the National Association
of Health Underwriters.

Russell Childers Jr., president of the NAHU chapter in North Carolina, said
ignorance about health care economics continues to be widespread, even within
the insurance industry.

A North Carolina property-casualty group actually supported a health care
"reform" bill that combined the same kind of tight underwriting and price
restrictions that destroyed Kentucky's commercial health insurance market in the
mid-1990s, Mr. Childers reported.

"They don't understand our business," Mr. Childers said.  "They think it's like
auto insurance."

Michael Maltznick, president elect for the national organization, said he
worries about the return of the movement to put all health care under government
control.

NAHU was part of the coalition that helped kill President Clinton's health care
reform proposals in 1993, but "there's still an incremental march toward a
national health care program," Mr. Maltznick warned.

Mr. Childers and Mr. Maltznick spoke here last week at NAHU's annual convention.

NAHU, an Arlington, Va.-based trade group for health insurance agents and
brokers, suffered through a slump in the mid-1990s.  Today, general revenue
exceeds expenses, contributions to lobbying funds are increasing, and membership
has increased 7 percent in the past 12 months, to 15,500, officers said.

"NAHU has a much higher profile in Washington than we ever did before,"
Executive Vice President Kevin Corcoran said.

NAHU officers attributed part of the improvement to growth in the funds used for
making campaign contributions and paying for non-financial, "grassroots"
lobbying.

Thomas Bruderle, NAHU's congressional affairs director, said NAHU members also
deserve credit, because they are doing a better job of educating their own
senators and representatives about health care issues.

"Our members do call," said Mr. Bruderle, NAHU's congressional affairs director.
"They do press the flesh."

But Janet Stokes Trautwein, NAHU's state government affairs director, said many
NAHU state organizations are making do with part-time lobbyists, while others
are getting by without any professional lobbying support.

"If you don't have a lobbyist, we want you to raise the money and go out and
hire one," Ms. Stokes Trautwein said.

NAHU leaders have been discussing the possibility of emphasizing NAHU's support
for state legislative affairs by changing the way it raises money for grassroots
lobbying, she said.  Instead of collecting all contributions for grassroots
lobbying and returning half to the state chapters, NAHU would raise money for
its own, national grassroots lobbying fund and let the state chapters keep all
of the grassroots lobbying contributions that they raise, Ms. Stokes Trautwein
said.

Speakers at meetings for the six NAHU regions said their regions were already
trying to respond to the call for strengthening state-level lobbying programs.

North Carolina, for example, hired a lobbyist last year and is now in the
process of setting up a political action committee.

Leaders of the western region said they want to look into the possibility of
helping the Idaho set up a PAC.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1999 The National Underwriter Company


                              262 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Group is visible, but not its donors

LENGTH: 1023  words

DATELINE: Washington


Citizen Action of New York has issued the following news release:

When the state Legislature revamped New York's lobbying laws in 2011, the
reforms were meant to shine a brighter light on mega-donors seeking to influence
the government. Yet this year's biggest lobbying spender--a pro-charter-school
group that reported almost $6 million in New York state lobbying expenditures
through August--hasn't had to reveal a single benefactor.

Mayor Bill de Blasio, the leading adversary of Manhattan-based nonprofit
Families for Excellent Schools, recently called for the group to release its
donor list so "the public can judge what interests are at play." The group's
spending this spring helped foil the mayor's plans in a high-profile fight over
charter schools' funding and sharing space with traditional public schools.

Lobbying records, however, show how Families for Excellent Schools was able to
shield its donors' names. Even its critics acknowledge the group has found a way
around the 2011 law.

"These guys have invented the 'hedge-fund loophole' in the dark-money world of
[Gov.] Andrew Cuomo's Albany," charged Billy Easton, executive director of the
Alliance for Quality Education, a nonprofit backed by the statewide teachers'
union, which has been warring with charter-school proponents and the governor.

Mr. Easton's comment referred to hedge-fund executives who have donated to the
governor's campaign and to charter-school causes. A Cuomo official once griped
that Mr. Easton's group does not disclose its donors, either, but it does now,
per the 2011 law.

David Grandeau, an attorney for Families for Excellent Schools, said, "FES has
correctly disclosed its spending in New York state, and we are confident that
our activity is within the limitations allowable."

Despite the group's extensive lobbying as defined by state law, and Internal
Revenue Service restrictions on how much money tax-exempt organizations can
spend on lobbying, donations to it have been potentially tax-deductible,
according to Mr. Grandeau, who was once New York's top lobbying regulator.

Founded several years ago by business executives including four Wall Street
players, Families for Excellent Schools has two components: an apolitical
501(c)(3) tax-exempt nonprofit and a politics-focused 501(c)(4). The group's
2012 tax returns reflect a heavy overlap between the staffs of the two entities,
which share an office suite. It's a common arrangement for interest groups, such
as environmental or reproductive-rights organizations.

New York's 2011 ethics law requires issue-oriented nonprofits that spend more
than $50,000 a year on lobbying to disclose sources of funds of more than
$5,000. After the Supreme Court's Citizens United decision allowing unlimited
expenditures by independent groups, the law was intended to make public the
names of big donors seeking to influence state government.

But the bulk of Families for Excellent Schools' spending is not by its political
arm but rather its 501(c)(3)--which does not have to disclose donors under state
law. Authors of the law might have assumed such disclosure was not necessary
because the IRS restricts what apolitical nonprofits can spend on lobbying.

The IRS, however, has a far narrower definition of what constitutes lobbying
than New York does, said Mr. Grandeau. Even though Families for Excellent
Schools has reported $6 million in lobbying expenses this year through August to
the state's lobbying oversight agency, the number reported on the group's
federal tax return will be vastly lower. A spokesman for the group said urging
Mr. de Blasio not to roll back charter-school co-locations is considered
lobbying by the state but not by the IRS.

Mr. Grandeau, who formerly directed the Temporary Commission on Lobbying, which
was shut down when the 2011 law created the Joint Commission on Public Ethics to
oversee lobbying in New York, is well equipped to navigate clients through the
many complexities of compliance.
Somewhat amorphous rules

In tax filings, Families for Excellent Schools opted to subject its lobbying
spending to what's known as the "substantial part test"--a somewhat amorphous
set of IRS regulations determining whether lobbying makes up a major part of an
entity's activities. In past cases, the IRS has considered such factors as what
percentage of an organization's spending is meant to influence legislation. A
group that devotes too much of its annual budget to lobbying can lose its
tax-exempt status.

It's not clear what Families for Excellent Schools, a major ally of
charter-school leader Eva Moskowitz, will spend this year. Its 2012 tax return
shows that its 501(c)(3) spent $1.3 million--and not a penny on lobbying. The $6
million in lobbying reported this year to the state was the first time the group
registered such activity in New York. It continues to hold large rallies and
recently opened a Boston office.

Jeffrey Tenenbaum, an expert on nonprofit lobbying regulations at Washington,
D.C., law firm Venable, agreed with Mr. Grandeau that state laws define lobbying
much more expansively than the IRS does. States can cast a wide net to capture
attempts to influence government, he explained, while the IRS is tasked with
ensuring that tax exemptions are being used appropriately.

Most of Families for Excellent Schools' spending went to television advertising.
In one commercial showing a huge Albany rally organized by the nonprofit, the
narrator states, "Now we need the Assembly to act. Hear our voices." Other ads
posted on the nonprofit's YouTube page, however, have nothing to do with
legislation.

"Sometimes organizations have very sophisticated nonprofit lawyers who are able
to guide them through this," said Mr. Tenenbaum. "Other times, organizations are
well intentioned, but just ill informed. These are very complicated rules."

A version of this article appears in the October 13, 2014, print issue of
Crain's New York Business.

http://www.crainsnewyork.com/article/20141012/BLOGS04/141019975/group-is-visible
-but-not-its-donors

In case of any query regarding this article or other or other content needs
please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                                   April 2011
                               Northeast Edition

Gibbons Ranked Top Lawyer-Lobbying Firm In New Jersey

SECTION: Pg. 36 Vol. 19 No. 4

LENGTH: 270 words


For the third year in a row, Gibbons P.C. is ranked the #1 lawyer-lobbying firm
in New Jersey, according to the New Jersey Election Law Enforcement Commission,
which has just released its report on 2010 lobbying expenditures in the state.
Gibbons also ranked fifth among all contract lobbying firms in New Jersey.

The Gibbons Government Affairs Department saw an increase in lobbying revenues
between 2009 and 2010, nearly rebounding to pre-recession levels despite the
state's slow economic recovery. In fact, the Gibbons team outpaced its nearest
competitor by more than $385,000, which resulted in the most significant
percentage of the state's overall lawyer-lobbying revenues that the firm has
ever achieved.

"It is simply not an option for our clients to sit on the sidelines as
legislation or regulation reshapes their playing fields," says Patrick C.
Dunican Jr., Chairman and Managing Director of the firm, "The lawyer-lobbyists
who staff our Trenton office, just steps from the State House, are uniquely
well-positioned to handle any government relations services our clients may
need."

Adds David A. Filippelli, Chair of the firm's Government Affairs Department,
"The numbers reflect that, more and more, businesses of all types are seeking
counsel as they engage in the legislative or regulatory process. Clients
continue to turn to our firm because we don't simply 'open doors' or make
introductions. We take the time to learn our client's business, develop a
strategy for success, and then use our experience, our relationships, and our
credibility as Gibbons lawyers to get results."

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Partner

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 Metropolitan Corporate Counsel
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            March 22, 2006 Wednesday

Lobbying world

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 369 words


* Three lobbying pros in the budget, healthcare and contracts sectors have
joined forces to open their own shop, christened Washington Strategic
Consulting. The firm's founding members and partners are Kyle Mulroy, who comes
from a partnership at Holt, Mulroy & Germann Public Affairs and has four years'
experience in the office of former Sen. Robert Torricelli (D-N.J.); Julie
Pawelczyk, who is leaving her own startup consulting job and previously assisted
former Rep. Jack Davis (R-Ill.); and Michelle Vogel, who is leaving her post as
vice president for government affairs at the Immune Deficiency Foundation.

* Former Rep. Ken Bentsen (D-Texas), who served from 1995 to 2003, will depart
his post as managing director at Public Strategies, the Austin-based lobbying
and public-relations firm that has been closely linked with the Bush White
House, to become the new president of the Equipment Leasing Association. Bentsen
will replace Michael Fleming, who has headed the ELA for 27 years.

* Ron Christie, a longtime fixture at the Bush White House as a special
assistant to the president and deputy assistant to the vice president, is moving
to K Street as a new vice president at DC Navigators. Christie was a lobbying
luminary before joining the administration, serving as executive vice president
and director of global government affairs at Ruder Finn in addition to a stint
at Patton Boggs. He is a former counsel to Sen. George Allen (R-Va.) and senior
adviser to former Rep. John Kasich (R-Ohio), and a favorite guest of cable news
pundits.

* Kimberly Nelson Hill is on her way off Capitol Hill, leaving the Senate
Appropriations Committee's Homeland Security Subcommittee to join the bipartisan
shop Capitol Solutions. Before serving former subcommittee chairmen Sens. Thad
Cochran (R-Miss.) and Judd Gregg (R-N.H.), Hill spent five years as a
legislative assistant in Cochran's personal office.

* Thomas Quinn, who most recently served as legislative director in the office
of Rep. Pete Visclosky (D-Ind.), is the newest associate vice president at Van
Scoyoc Associates. Quinn coordinated Visclosky's work for eight House
Appropriations subcommittees in addition to helping manage the House Croatian
Caucus.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          February 28, 1991, Thursday

THE 1991 LEGISLATIVE SESSION; Gas pump ownership bill stalls; Lobbying helps
stop effort to keep big oil out of retail business

BYLINE: By Steve Harvey Staff writerenergy; automotive; industry; legislation;
georgia; employment; costs; competition

SECTION: STATE NEWS; SECTION C; PAGE 03

LENGTH: 474 words


A massive lobbying effort spurred a 2 1/2-hour debate on the House floor
Wednesday and helped stop a bill that would force major oil companies out of the
retail gasoline business in Georgia.

With the halls outside the House chamber packed with lobbyists on both sides of
the issue, the House tabled the measure, returning it to the Rules Committee
with time running out for passage in the 1991 session.

Noting the intense lobbying effort, the sponsor, Rep. Ken Poston (D- Ringgold),
said he received 134 telephone calls between noon and 6 p.m. Friday from service
station employees who feared losing their jobs if the measure passed the General
Assembly.

"This reaction has been orchestrated from outside of Georgia for interests
outside of Georgia," Mr. Poston said.

Rep. Bobby Parham (D-Milledgeville) predicted that if the House approved the
measure, "You will hear the pitter-patter of little oily feet going across the
hall to the Senate" to lobby against it.

The so-called retail divorcement bill went back to Rules Committee after a later
vote failed to bring it off the table. Because of rules on the Senate side, the
bill has just three days to get out of Rules and clear the House.

Critics contend the bill would hinder competition. If adopted, they say, it
could cost as many as 4,000 jobs across the state and raise gas prices as much
as 7 cents a gallon at the pump.

"It's the worst piece of legislation I've ever seen," said Robert Ray (D-Fort
Valley), one of more than a dozen legislators who spoke on the bill.

"When you consider the amount of money we pour into the state, we don't need to
be treated like second-class citizens," said Jimmy Benefield (D-Jonesboro), who
also is an oil company executive.

Supporters countered that the bill would protect independent service station
owners and wholesale gasoline dealers - commonly known as jobbers - who complain
that "predatory pricing" by big oil companies has undercut smaller competitors.
The oil companies say the jobbers are taken to court far more often for
predatory pricing.

Divorcement legislation has been enacted in Maryland, Connecticut, Delaware,
Nevada and the District of Columbia, but studies have been inconclusive on the
claims of helping or hurting consumers at the pump. Similar legislation failed
in Michigan last fall after the U.S. Department of Energy warned lawmakers that
it could contribute to a nationwide gasoline shortage.

Three divorcement bills have been introduced in the Georgia General Assembly
since 1982. One died in committee and two others were vetoed by then-Gov. Joe
Frank Harris.

Jobbers own about 63 percent of retail gasoline outlets in Georgia. Oil
companies own another 7 percent, most of them in metro Atlanta. The rest are run
by lessees, owner-operators and chain marketers.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The last paragraph did not appear in the final edition. Photo: Robert
Spence, a lease-operator of a Midtown service station / William Berry / Staff

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              266 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                           December 31, 1998 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

City hires lobbyist to leverage grants, obtain road funds

SECTION: INSIDE FRONT; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 508 words


Political players inside the Washington Beltway and Raleigh Beltline will be
hearing from inside the Durham Loop now that the Bull City has hired a company
to lobby members of Congress and the General Assembly.

``I've never made it a secret that I want Durham to be the leading city in North
Carolina,'' City Manager P. Lamont Ewell said. ``To do that we have to have a
strategy in place at the state and federal level. We can't sit and wait to see
what happens next, we have to be part of what's happening.''

Key tasks for Capitol Link Inc. of Leesburg, Va., will include shepherding
Durham's grant applications through the government bureaucracy and lobbying for
changes to the state transportation-funding formula so Durham gets more money
for road construction.

``Local governments must be competitive when seeking state and federal grant
money and favorable legislation regarding transportation funding,'' Bill Harrat,
the city's grants and programs administrator wrote in a report to the City
Council. ``Staff feels that a professional advocate working on behalf of the
city will be a valuable asset and will increase our level of success in these
efforts.''

The lobbying firm is headed by Mick Staton, a former congressman from West
Virginia. Bill Cobey, a senior consultant at the firm, is a former N.C.
congressman and also worked as the secretary of the N.C. Department of
Environment, Health and Natural Resources and was the deputy secretary at the
N.C. Department of Transportation.

The city is paying Capitol Link $14,400 for a contract that began in November
and continues through June, the end of the city's budget year. Whether the city
extends the contract or requests bids from other lobbying firms depends on the
results of this contract, Ewell said.

``Our hopes are to get it back tenfold,'' Ewell said. ``They've already shown
that is possible.''

The city hired Capitol Link as a consultant last year to help in the successful
application for a $250,000 ``Weed and Seed'' crime-abatement grant from the U.S.
Department of Justice. The fee was $3,000, Ewell said.

``I'm very serious about trying to maximize the number of grants we receive so
we can reduce the burden on the general fund,'' he said.

Ewell learned about using professional advocates in Oakland, Calif., where he
was an assistant city manager before coming to Durham.

Oakland received more federal and state grant money for its size than any city
in the state, Ewell said.

``I really think it was because we put a lot of time and attention into hiring
quality lobbyists to make our case and get our needs met,'' Ewell said.

Mayor Nick Tennyson said he approves of Ewell's strategy.

``It makes sense to me to hire consultants in all sorts of areas of specialty,''
Tennyson said. ``This is definitely an area of specialty.

``There's no question Durham needs to be as aggressive as it can be in making
sure we're taking advantage of every opportunity,'' Tennyson said. ``I think
it's a conscious effort on Lamont's part to make sure we're not missing any of
those opportunities.''

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1998 The Durham Herald Co.


                              267 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 30, 2006 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Faso Didn't Break Lobbying Law, Panel Says

BYLINE: By MICHAEL COOPER

SECTION: Section B; Column 4; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 389 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Nov. 29


The state lobbying commission has found that John Faso, the Republican candidate
for governor this year, did not violate lobbying laws when he worked on
legislation to let the state sell its stock in a health insurance company.

Mr. Faso, who became a lawyer and a lobbyist after stepping down from the State
Legislature in 2002, was hired in 2005 by a little-known state entity called the
Public Asset Fund to help it sell off its shares of stock in a health company.
In that capacity, he worked with the governor's office to draft legislation to
allow the stock sale to move forward, but he did not register his activities
with the state's lobbying commission.

Some Democrats said that they believed Mr. Faso should have registered, because
they believed that the fund was a public benefit corporation, which means that
its attempts to influence legislation count as lobbying. Mr. Faso said that he
believed the fund was essentially a state agency, which means no registration
was needed.

''After due consideration, the commission has determined that there was no
violation of the lobbying law,'' David Grandeau, the executive director of the
commission, wrote in a Nov. 22 letter to Mr. Faso.

''Whether the fund is a state agency or a public benefit corporation is not free
from doubt,'' Mr. Grandeau's letter continued. ''On balance, it appears to be
closest to a state agency. In reaching our conclusion to close the inquiry, the
commission also gave weight to the fact that you have registered as a lobbyist
on other occasions and that there was no indication that you were acting other
than in good faith in believing that registration was not required in this
instance.''

After Mr. Faso was hired by the fund, he said that his work there involved no
lobbying. ''This work involves no lobbying of state government,'' he wrote in a
letter published by The New York Post in February. ''Instead, it consists of
rendering corporate advice and guidance to the fund's board.''

The commission began its inquiry after The New York Times reported that Mr.
Faso's billing records showed that he played a key role working with the
governor's office to obtain the passage of legislation sought by the fund's
board. The law took away the state comptroller's oversight in the hiring of
underwriters and lawyers to handle the stock sale.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              268 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   July 25, 1995, Tuesday, THREE STAR Edition

DEAL CLEARS WAY FOR LOBBY REVAMP; GRASS-ROOTS CONTACTS EXEMPT FROM DISCLOSURE

SECTION: WAR PAGE; Pg. 13B

LENGTH: 626 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


BACKERS OF TOUGHER disclosure requirements for lobbyists softened their proposed
bill Monday to forge a compromise on an issue that had eluded change for almost
50 years.

Reaching for a middle ground with Republicans, Sen. Carl Levin, D-Mich., agreed
to exclude "grass-roots" lobbying contacts from reporting requirements and
increased the exemptions for part-time paid lobbyists. He also eliminated a new
government agency that would have enforced the new requirements, leaving that
task to congressional clerks, and limited reporting of executive branch lobbying
to contacts with senior political appointees.

The Senate approved the compromise reached between Levin and Sen. Mitch
McConnell, R-Ky., on a 98-0 vote, and the bill headed for final passage.

Supporters of strengthened lobbying disclosure hoped the consensus bill would
lead to a rewrite of loophole-riddled statutes that had been widely ignored and
proved virtually useless since being enacted in 1946. The House has yet to act.

"The lobbying laws are a joke, and they're a bad joke," said Levin, as debate
began on the Senate floor. Both the House and Senate passed a strong lobbying
disclosure bill last year, but it died in a late GOP-orchestrated lobbying
barrage.

In one twist on the lobbying bill, Sen. Alan Simpson, R-Wyo., seized the
opportunity to advance his battle against the American Association of Retired
Persons. Simpson argued for an amendment that would cut off all federal grants
to certain tax-exempt groups that also lobby the federal government, and the
debate over that proposal at least temporarily delayed passage of the compromise
lobby bill.

A second plank in Levin's package - a proposed ban on gifts to legislators
-attracted little interest from GOP leaders. Levin said virtually no progress
had been made toward compromise on that bill.

Even as negotiations were underway between Levin and his chief opponent,
McConnell, a coalition of lobbyists led by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce was
working behind the scenes to water down the bill. Lobbyists and lawyers gave $
44 million to congressional candidates in the 1992 elections, the latest for
which complete figures are available, according to the Center for Responsive
Politics. Alaska Oil Bill

The House passed on Monday a bill to lift a 22-year ban on Alaskan oil exports,
a move already endorsed by the Senate and the White House.

The legislation, approved 324-77, would allow exports of Alaskan oil on
U.S.-flagged tankers after Nov. 1, as long as the president found it to be in
the national interest and not a threat to the environment. The House and Senate
bills must be reconciled by conferees.

The Clinton administration has argued that allowing Alaskan crude exports will
boost prices for the oil and in turn bolster crude production in Alaska and
California, creating jobs and increasing state and federal tax revenue.
Opponents say only Alaska and British Petroleum's BP America, the largest
producer of Alaskan crude, will benefit from repeal of the export ban. Political
Limits

A House committee voted Monday to limit the ability of the thousands of
organizations that receive federal grants to lobby, participate in political
campaigns or engage in any political activities.

The House Appropriations Committee approved the ban 28-20 and added it to a $
256 billion measure for next year financing the Departments of Labor, Education
and Health and Human Services.   The amendment would forbid companies, nonprofit
groups or others receiving federal grants to use any of the funds to participate
in the political process. Grants would also be denied to groups that spent more
than 5 percent of their own funds over the last five years for political
activities.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              269 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 20, 1992, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

'Soft lobbying' hard for some to swallow

BYLINE: James Cox

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1124 words

DATELINE: HOUSTON


Texas Rep. Tom Craddick polished off his french toast in a vintage rail car
Wednesday morning just as House Minority Leader Robert Michel teed off with 60
friends.

Corporate sponsors paid for both Craddick's breakfast near the Astrodome and the
''Bob Michel Leadership Challenge'' at nearby Kingwood Country Club.

Do corporate fat cats have a stranglehold on Washington and the statehouses? How
could they - they're all here. If 1992 is the year of voter outrage against the
influence of special interests on government, you wouldn't know it from the
festive atmosphere at the Republican National Convention. At more than 500
parties, receptions, galas, tributes, salutes, fiestas and other free feeds, GOP
party animals are mingling with corporate lobbyists and executives amid the
scent of hickory barbecue, the chill of the shrimp buffet and the unchecked flow
of alcohol at the margarita- dispensing cactus. What is missing is any sense of
irony.

''It's relationship-building,'' says Vaughn Aldredge, a spokesman for AT&T,
which paid for Michel's golf outing.  ''We consider him very influential on our
issues, and we very much appreciate having his ear when the time comes for a
floor vote or a key piece of business that affects AT&T.''

''It's good will and thanking people for the long association they've had with
the company,'' says Gary Schuster , a vice president at Union Pacific, which
held a breakfast honoring Craddick, a Midland, Texas, Republican legislator who
serves on the energy committee in the Texas House.

Union Pacific, a railroad and oil-producing company, is entertaining its guests
on a rail spur right outside the Astrodome, where it has moored 15 refurbished
1950s-era rail cars and the world's largest operating steam locomotive. In
addition to his role as host, Union Pacific Chairman Drew Lewis, who served as
transportation secretary during the Reagan administration, wears another hat: He
is a Pennsylvania delegate.

Not everyone wants the GOP to party hearty. What political pros call ''soft
lobbying,'' is ''stark evidence of the failure of people in government to
understand how angry and repulsed citizens in this country are by the huge
amounts of money spent to buy influence,'' says Fred Wertheimer, president of
Common Cause, the public-interest lobbying group.

Not so, says Union Pacific's Schuster. When elected officials leave Houston and
return to the marble halls of Congress or their state capitol, ''they all look
at the issues on their merits - not because they had a piece of french toast on
our train.''

Good times roll for Democrats, too. ''They were just as bad in New
York,''   Wertheimer says of the Democratic National Convention held

last month in the Big Apple.

Democratic Party drumbeaters raised $ 38 million in corporate and private
donations for their convention. But the party was embarrassed mightily when it
failed to get hotel rooms for nine homeless veterans it brought to New York to
participate in a color guard ceremony at Madison Square Garden. Each of the
veterans was given a box lunch, $ 500 and a bed at a Harlem shelter.

Democratic candidate Edmund G. ''Jerry'' Brown tore into special interests in a
speech at a breakfast during convention week, only to discover afterward that
the event was co-sponsored by ARCO and that his remarks were delivered against a
backdrop of the corporate logo.

In Houston, the biggest recipients of corporate and lobbyist largesse are
influential members of Congress, such as Michel of Illinois, Sen. Robert Dole,
R-Kan., and Sen. Phil Gramm, R-Texas. Dole, for instance, was toasted Tuesday at
the elegant River Oaks home of Coastal Corp. Chairman Oscar Wyatt. Kmart
Chairman Joseph Antonini and MAXXAM CEO Charles Hurwitz, who wants to buy
Continental Airlines, were co-hosts.

It can be schmooze or lose, especially for telephone companies and energy
concerns. Throwing the most parties and receptions are the regional phone
companies (BellSouth, US West, Ameritech, Southwestern Bell) and oil and energy
companies (Coastal, Texaco, Chevron, ARCO, Kerr-McGee, Phillips Petroleum, Enron
and the utility trade group Edison Electric Institute). Both industries face big
regulatory and legislative showdowns on Capitol Hill.

Houston-area General Motors dealers provided GOP VIPs with 300 courtesy cars.
Sunday, GM Chairman Robert Stempel greeted CBS anchor Dan Rather, Transportation
Secretary Andrew Card and several hundred others who dropped in at a GM
reception to kick the tires on three of GM's experimental cars and several 1992
models. GM even brought in several of the workers who built the cars to discuss
their features with reception attendees.

''Our idea here is to talk about our improvements in quality,'' says GM
spokesman Bill Noack. ''The bottom line for us is (that the convention) is a
marketing opportunity.''

Others have gotten into the act.  Former Bush aide Craig Fuller, now director of
corporate affairs for Philip Morris, agreed to chair the convention for his old
boss. But he also is flying the corporate flag at invitation-only Philip Morris
receptions at the Westin Galleria.

Also here are trade groups representing Realtors, grocers, manufacturers, food
marketers, insurance agents, securities brokers, chemical producers and drug
makers.

There are also dueling lobbies. AT&T was miffed to find that when Michel's staff
made up the guest list for Wednesday's golf outing, it included two BellSouth
lobbyists. While AT&T and BellSouth don't directly compete, they have taken
opposing sides on some legislative issues, including the regional phone
companies' bid to manufacture telephone gear.

Five hundred people showed up Monday at a National Association of Broadcasters
reception for Michel. But the broadcasters' archenemy, the National Cable
Television Association, says it is using ads in convention publications - not
parties - to reach important Republicans.

The esteemed ladies and gentlemen of the media - 15,000 of them - are not
guilt-free. They fortify themselves nightly with the free hoagies and beer
served up at the BellSouth Media Lounge. And Monday, public relations firm Hill
& Knowlton distributed red canvas ''goody bags'' - containing samples of Ralph
Lauren's Polo and Safari colognes, among other things - to members of the media.

AT&T's Aldredge rejects the idea that all the partying and freebies are designed
to put special interests above public interests. AT&T, he says, is not wires and
cables and shareholders and executives. ''It is 420,000 employees worldwide and
their families.''

''Come on,'' says Wertheimer of Common Cause, ''everybody knows what's going on.
It's influence-buying, it's currying favor.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; color, Bill Baptist; PHOTO; color, Dan Hardy, The Houston Post;
PHOTO; b/w

CUTLINE: WINED AND DINED: Above, Elizabeth and Robert Dole chat with Lynn Wyatt,
right, who hosted a fund-raising luncheon at the Houston home she shares with
her husband, Oscar - chairman of Coastal Corp. At left, outside the Astrodome,
Southern Pacific and Union Pacific are entertaining, too. Public-interest groups
call it 'currying favor.' CUTLINE: HURWITZ: Co-hosted party where Sen. Robert
Dole was toasted.

TYPE: Cover Story

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              270 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 27, 1991, Friday, Final Edition

Levin Plans to Introduce Legislation To Broaden Disclosure by Lobbyists

Gary Lee, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A19; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 916 words


A bill scheduled to be introduced in Congress next month would require lobbying
groups and their employees to register with the U.S. Office of Ethics and to
file reports of their activities twice a year, according to a draft copy
circulating in Washington.

The bill is sponsored by Sen. Carl Levin (D-Mich.) and results from his campaign
for greater controls over the nation's burgeoning lobbying industry. The main
purpose of the proposed legislation, Levin said recently, is to bring about more
thorough disclosure of lobbyists' activities, including their earnings and who
their clients are.

"The situation now is that most lobbyists ignore the existing laws," said Levin,
who chairs the Senate Governmental Affairs subcommittee on oversight of
government management. "What we are trying to do is find out who is lobbying for
whom and for how much money," he said. "The public deserves to know these
things."

The bill is designed to replace all existing major laws governing lobbyists'
activities, including the 1989 Byrd amendment, the 1946 Lobby Registration Act
and the 1938 Foreign Agents Registration Act.

One section of the draft bill would expand required disclosure of contacts
between lobbyists and executive branch officials.

In an attempt to crack down on lobbying of the White House and federal agencies,
Congress two years ago passed an amendment offered by Sen. Robert C. Byrd
(D-W.Va.). The Byrd amendment requires applicants for federal contracts over $
100,000 to disclose their lobbying of the executive branch.

However, preliminary figures appear to show that the law has shone only minimal
light on lobbying activities. During 1990 and the beginning of 1991, firms and
individuals negotiated more than 102,000 contracts worth six figures or more
with federal agencies, but only 257 filed lobbying reports, according to a
recent General Accounting Office (GAO) report.

"I think the intent of the law was good," said Levin. "Unfortunately, just about
everybody found loopholes to avoid complying with it." Levin's draft bill
includes a proposed fine of up to $ 100,000 for lobbyists who don't comply.

Levin's interest in overhauling the nation's lobbying laws was first sparked
during the 1989 Senate investigation of the Wedtech scandal, in which a New York
City defense contractor paid lobbyists hundreds of thousands of dollars to
influence Reagan administration officials in the 1980s.

"Here you had a case of lobbying of the executive branch [that] was done in
total secrecy by former insiders for a lot of money," Levin said. "If ever a
case showed that more sunshine is needed in lobbying, that was it."

The Byrd amendment has proved largely ineffective, according to studies
conducted by the GAO and congressional investigators. The law prohibits the use
of federal funds for lobbying agency employees and requires companies seeking
contracts that exceed specified dollar amounts to file disclosure forms.

In 1990, for instance, five big defense contractors -- McDonnell Douglas,
General Dynamics, General Electric, Martin Marietta and Lockheed -- spent
approximately $ 5 million lobbying for defense contracts, according to a
congressional study.

In addition, 13 major defense contractors and two universities contacted by the
GAO acknowledged they had used more than 100 paid consultants during the same
period, including several retired generals, to influence the appropriation or
authorization of defense budget funds.

None of the defense contractors or their consultants filed disclosure forms
under the Byrd amendment. In each case -- and hundreds of others -- loopholes
were found that allowed firms to avoid the law's reporting requirements, GAO and
congressional officials said in interviews. One favorite loophole allows
full-time employees of contractors to bypass disclosure even if they engage in
lobbying, while paid lobbyists hired explicitly to lobby must file reports of
their activities.

Another loophole allows those who lobby on general measures to avoid disclosure,
while those who lobby for a specific contract or grant must report on their
efforts. "The emphasis tends to be on finding a way for not reporting," Derek J.
Vander Schaaf, deputy inspector general of the Defense Department, told a
congressional hearing in September.

Levin's draft bill would close many of the loopholes and, in effect, make it far
more difficult for executive branch lobbyists to avoid filing reports.

Besides overhauling the Byrd amendment, the draft law would simplify
requirements under the Foreign Agents Registration Act, which establishes
guidelines for all firms or individuals who lobby for foreign entities to
register with the Justice Department.

The proposal also would tighten loopholes in the Lobby Registration Act, which
requires those who lobby Congress to register with a congressional office.

During hearings on lobbying held last summer, Levin's subcommittee found that
the noncompliance rate was dramatically high. "Besides the loopholes," Levin
said, "the laws are so ambiguous and cumbersome that compliance is avoided at
all expense."

Levin and his staff are making a concerted effort to garner views from the
lobbying industry on the new legislation in order to avoid criticism after it is
released. They invited several dozen lobbyists working across a broad spectrum
of issues to testify in hearings last spring and summer. Almost all of those
testifying expressed dissatisfaction with the current system.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, PETER ALSBERG

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              271 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              March 7, 2014 Friday

State Teachers Union Shatters Records for Political Spending

LENGTH: 488  words


The New Jersey Education Association finished 2013 with its biggest tab yet for
lobbying and political spending - in fact, the amount far exceeded spending by
any other individual lobbying organization in the state.


The teachers union, representing nearly 200,000 teachers and school staff
statewide, spent more than $3 million on lobbying efforts last year, according
to the New Jersey Election Law Enforcement Commission.
Adding in record spending by its PAC and super PAC brings the union's estimated
total to more than $19.5 million spent in 2013, according to ELEC.
"This is unprecedented," said Jeffrey Brindle, ELEC's executive director said
yesterday. "When you combine NJEA's lobbying and campaign spending, no single
interest group has ever come close."
Putting the expenditures in a different perspective, he added: "NJEA spent 16
times more total on lobbying and elections combined in 2013 than it did 10 years
earlier."
NJEA has always been a political titan in the state, but it took its political
spending to a new level in 2013 with the creation of its super PAC, Garden State
Forward.
The super PAC ended up spending more than $14 million in the state's 2013
elections, about half on the gubernatorial election and half on the legislative
races.
By comparison, Gov. Chris Christie's campaign spent close to $20 million in both
the primary and general elections.
But the NJEA's separate lobbying largesse nonetheless only bolstered its
dominance, even in a year when there were few high-profile legislative matters
on the docket for the union. The state's tenure-reform law was passed the year
before, and the pension and health-benefits battles took place a year before
that.
Still, the union outspent every other organization in the state last year on
lobbying, the bulk of it on television advertising buys. According to the latest
reports, more than $2.9 million of the total $3.3 million spent by the union
itself was for television advertising.
Ginger Gold Schnitzer, the NJEA's government relations director, said the bulk
of the lobbying spending was on ad campaigns related to school funding and
student testing.
"If you look at the reports, not everything was on traditional lobbying," she
said.
Still, Schintzer said 2013 proved to be a big year for the union is continuing
to exert its political influence, with the reins loosened for the super PAC by
the U.S. Supreme Court in its Citizens United decision, which allowed for
unfettered political spending.
"In the post-Citizens United world, independent spending is what everyone is
doing," she said. "We are trying not to become the next Ohio or Wisconsin (where
new curbs were placed on collective bargaining), and no regrets on that."

Given the close races in three or four legislative elections last fall,
Schintzer said, the NJEA's money was well-spent.
"If not for that, we could have different results," she said.© 2014 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            October 6, 2005 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Vacco firm pays fine in lobbying investigation

BYLINE: By Tom Precious - NEWS ALBANY BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 739 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


A lobbying firm led by former state Attorney General Dennis Vacco agreed
Wednesday to pay the state the maximum $50,000 fine to settle an investigation
into charges it entered into an illegal lobbying deal to help an Oklahoma tribe
win casinos in New York.

The executive director of the state lobbying agency who investigated the case
said he believes a crime was committed when the firm agreed to a contract with a
Rochester developer that would pay Vacco and his associates $5.5 million if the
casino deal was approved. Such contingency fee contracts are illegal under state
law.

"A contingency fee was entered into. It was a misdemeanor, but I'm not a
prosecutor -- I did my job," said David Grandeau, head of the New York Temporary
State Commission on Lobbying.

The attorney for Vacco's firm disagreed. "Mr. Grandeau is not a prosecutor, and
he's not even much of a lawyer," said the attorney, James Featherstonhaugh.

The lobbying commission's board approved the settlement deal Wednesday. While it
did not formally the case be looked at for possible criminal violations.

"It is incumbent upon any law enforcement agency that feels they have
jurisdiction to take any action that they deem appropriate," said agency
spokesman Kris Thompson.

The agency's investigators recommended to the board, according to an agency
document, that the matter "should be reported to the appropriate law enforcement
agency for prosecution."

Vacco, a resident of Boston in Erie County, was the lead lobbyist for the casino
deal being promoted by Rochester businessman Thomas Wilmot with the
Seneca-Cayuga Tribe of Oklahoma. Vacco was unavailable for comment Wednesday,
but his firm, Crane & Vacco, denied any wrongdoing in a written statement.

A spokesman for Attorney General Eliot Spitzer declined comment Wednesday. A
spokesman for David Soares, the Albany County district attorney, said the office
had no information about the case and declined comment.

Vacco's firm was paid $15,000 a month for lobbying on Wilmot's behalf. But the
filing with the state lobbying commission made no mention of the $5.5 million
contingency fee, which would be paid if the tribe were able to get casino deals
in the Finger Lakes and Catskills resort regions. The lapse in reporting the
arrangement led the lobbying board's staff to allege Vacco's firm filed false
documents with the agency. The agency did not become aware of the contingency
fee until it surfaced in a lawsuit between Vacco's firm and Wilmot, a suit later
dropped.

Vacco's firm maintains no violations occurred. In the past, it has said the work
amounted to consulting, not lobbying, and was not subject to lobbying
restrictions, such as contingency fee arrangements. The firm released a
statement Wednesday saying it was trying to negotiate a settlement on behalf of
the tribe with the state of New York for a casino deal.

The Vacco firm offered to settle the matter earlier this year for $7,500.

The $50,000 settlement accepted by the lobbying board Wednesday came with
Vacco's firm admitting none of the allegations.

"Given the time and resources which would be expended in further proceedings,
the firm believes that its interests are best served by the settlement, which
brings the matter to closure," the firm said in a written statement.

Wilmot declined to comment.

His lawyer, Kevin McAuliffe, said Vacco handled the May 1, 2004 contract to
represent Wilmot.

"Mr. Wilmot thought he was safe in executing an agreement presented to him by
the former attorney general of the state," McAuliffe said.

Sources involved in the probe in the past have said Wilmot told lobbying
officials that his deal with Vacco's firm included lobbying. But a lawyer for
Vacco's firm said the work involved talks with the administration of Gov. George
E. Pataki about a compact for the tribe, not legislation -- exempting the work
from lobbying laws.

"There was nothing that was done by Crane and Vacco as a firm or by any
individual that violated the contingency fee prohibition contained in the New
York state lobbying law at the time that these events took place,"
Featherstonhaugh said.

Grandeau, the lobbying commission head, said there was no doubt the contingency
deal violated state law.

"A contingency fee is a misdemeanor. A misdemeanor is a crime," he told the
board.

Vacco, a former U.S. Attorney in Western New York, served one term as state
attorney general. He was defeated by Spitzer in 1998.

e-mail: tprecious@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                              273 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     December 26, 2002 Thursday 1ST EDITION

EDITORIAL Lobbying costs need review

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-06

LENGTH: 568 words


We must admit being taken aback to learn that Denver has awarded  lobbying
contracts totaling more than $ 1 million to schmooze the  federal government
during the past year, especially in tight  financial times when $ 44 million has
been slashed from the city's  budget.

Indeed, the total of $ 1,052,000 for lobbying the feds was up from  $ 977,000 in
2001 and $ 820,000 in 2000. From 1997 through 2000  alone, Denver spent $ 2.7
million for lobbying in Washington, D.C.

Denver's population grew considerably during the decade of the '90s  to 554,000.
In the like period, though, Colorado Springs, the  state's second-largest city
with a population of 360,000, spent  only $ 435,000 for federal lobbying.

By comparison, some cities with far larger populations than Denver  spent less:
Los Angeles County spent $ 700,000 for lobbying in 2000,  Chicago $ 480,000, and
Boston a paltry $ 40,000.

The Denver contracts were let without competitive bids, including  one for $
240,000 that Mayor Wellington Webb gave to a  well-connected political ally
whose firm, Westin Rinehart, isn't  even registered to lobby. Another company,
Price Howlett of Denver,  has a contract, which ends this year, for $ 432,000.

Both firms or their principals have made donations to Webb's  campaign fund.

The Webb administration says it's money well spent, because the  city got about
$ 130 million in federal funds last year.

But a good chunk of that $ 130 million consists of nearly $ 58  million in
federal social-welfare funding, $ 6.2 million for Head  Start, and AIDS/HIV
funds totaling $ 5.6 million.

We think it's highly unlikely that Denver would lose funds for  Medicaid or
public assistance, but one wild card in this mix, for  example, is $ 35.4
million in community development funding that  other cities surely must lust
after.

Mayoral spokesman Andrew Hudson also says that federal dollars  aren't always
passed out automatically. 'No. 1, every city gets a  certain amount just based
on a formula,' Hudson said. 'I think  the difference is when you have programs
threatened to be cut or  programs where the formula changes because of the
census figures,  or lawmakers are thinking about making changes - that's where
the  lobbyists come in handy.'

Hudson also argues that what Denver spends for lobbying isn't  comparable to
expenses for Los Angeles or Chicago, for example,  because both have staffed
offices in Washington to lobby for  federal dollars.

And all this time we thought Colorado's congressional delegation  was supposed
to lasso every available federal dollar to show off as  trophies in election
years!

Sometimes, those efforts aren't always enough, though, Hudson says.  'Certainly
having (the delegation's) assistance is helpful,' he  said, 'but having a
federal lobbyist who can pick up the phone and  call Bud Shuster (R-Pa.), the
chairman of the Transportation  Committee, to talk about federal funding for
additional things  needed at Denver International Airport is something you're
not  going to get just going through a congresswoman or a senator.'

Still, $ 2.7 million over a three-year period seems like a lot of  money to us.
Denver's next mayor should look for ways to pare those  expenses and get more
bang for the buck, possibly by seeking  competitive bids.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                        Copyright 2002 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            August 10, 2013 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

VOUCHERS JUMP TO SECOND-MOST LOBBIED

BYLINE:  MATTHEW DeFOUR , Wisconsin State Journal , mdefour@madison.com ,
608-252-6144

SECTION: LOCAL; On the Capitol; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 791 words


The statewide expansion of school vouchers this year came as advocates on both
sides of the issue racked up more than 4,200 lobbying hours, the second-highest
amount among budget topics.

Medicaid was again the most lobbied out of 103 budget topics at 5,145 hours,
according to the Government Accountability Board. But the hours spent on school
choice has steadily grown over the last several budget cycles as lawmakers have
had more to talk about on the subject.

In the first half of 2007, prior to the major push to expand vouchers, lobbyists
spent 417 hours on the topic. In the same period in 2009 they spent 1,467 hours
- not enough to make the top 10.

During the 2011 budget process, when vouchers expanded from Milwaukee to Racine,
lobbyists spent 2,724 hours on the topic, the fourth highest total that year.

This year's budget also included debate about charter schools and special
education vouchers, which the GAB lobbying website includes under the same
category as private school vouchers.

Overall, 33 groups lobbied on the topic; opponents of school choice devoted
2,529 hours to it, about 800 more hours than supporters.

Lobbying hours on school choice have increased while total lobbying on the top
10 budget topics has declined to 20,779 hours. During the last budget period
lobbyists spent 26,980 hours on the top topics, down from 29,813 hours on the
top topics in 2009.

Walker campaign draws disclosure complaint

Liberal advocacy group One Wisconsin Now is hoping its latest complaint against
Gov. Scott Walker's campaign gets more traction than the last one.

According to the complaint filed Thursday with the GAB, Walker's campaign
violated state rules by failing to disclose occupation and employer information
for 214 donors who gave more than $100. Altogether they donated more than
$55,000 during the first six months of the year.

The Walker campaign reported about 30,000 contributions during the past six
months, but not all of them come in with the required information. Spokesman
Jonathan Wetzel said the campaign "diligently works to ensure best efforts in
obtaining employer information from our contributors, and we take compliance
with the GAB very seriously."

Since 2009, according to the complaint, Walker has received more than 7,500
contributions of more than $100 totaling $2.3 million from donors who didn't
disclose the required information.

One Wisconsin Now executive director Scot Ross said the group filed a similar
complaint against Walker in 2010, but was told the GAB didn't take any action.

"They've leveled fines against people for a lot less," Ross said. "The question
is why do you have the laws if you're not going to enforce them?"

The GAB previously received two complaints regarding employer disclosure since
2008, but has not imposed any penalties. One was resolved when the committee
provided the missing information and the other remains open, director Kevin
Kennedy wrote in response to a request for the information.

"It would be unlikely that the board could successfully obtain a forfeiture if a
committee was, in fact, making good faith efforts to obtain information,"
Kennedy wrote.

Washington Post blogger gives Walker and Ryan pointers

Conservative Washington Post blogger Jennifer Rubin has given both U.S. Rep.
Paul Ryan, R-Janesville, and Gov. Scott Walker tips for how they can position
themselves for a 2016 White House run.

Ryan, the 2012 Republican vice-presidential nominee, needs to campaign hard for
fellow GOP congressional candidates, work with both moderates and conservatives
on issues like immigration reform, focus on winning both Iowa and New Hampshire,
come up with an alternative to Obamacare, hone his national security credentials
by recommending Pentagon reforms, develop an agenda for how low-income Americans
can prosper and engage younger voters on college campuses, she said.

Rubin also suggests Ryan has the best chance to win both Iowa and New Hampshire
if he can tap into former GOP nominee Mitt Romney's network. Making sure wife
Janna Ryan is comfortable on the campaign trail is key.

"Making his pitch about people and not just ideas will serve him well," Rubin
writes.

Walker's top asset is last year's recall victory, Rubin writes. He'll be able to
run as a conservative reformer who bridges the tea party and mainstream
Republicans.

But he needs to get his name out, raise a lot of money, pick up some foreign
policy expertise, gird himself for the national media onslaught and tap into
non-political media such as late night talk shows, she said.

While Walker should push for a strong showing in Iowa, he first must decide if
he wants to run against Ryan.

"On a personal level, he'll really need to want the nomination badly enough to
fight former allies," Rubin writes.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            January 19, 2007 Friday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

Tokasz to lead local office of lobbying firm

BYLINE: By Tom Precious - NEWS ALBANY BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D10

LENGTH: 532 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


Former Assembly Majority Leader Paul A. Tokasz, who retired two weeks ago after
18 years in the Assembly, is joining one of Albany's most politically connected
lobbying firms.

Tokasz, a Cheektowaga Democrat, will head a new downtown Buffalo office for
Patricia Lynch, a former top aide to Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver of
Manhattan. Both Tokasz and Lynch are close friends with the Legislature's top
Democrat.

Tokasz is the latest in a long line of lawmakers to go through Albany's
revolving door into lobbying. He said his connections to the State Capitol will
be limited and he will spend more time in Buffalo, New York City and Washington
than Albany for the firm. State law prohibits him from lobbying the State
Legislature until 2009.

"I understand what the ethics are here," said Tokasz, a former chairman of the
Assembly Ethics Committee. "I will not have any kinds of substantive
conversations with members of the State Legislature for two years."

Tokasz, who last year said he was leaving the Assembly to spend more time at
home in Western New York, is joining the second-biggest lobbying firm in the
state capital. In 2005, the firm had $4.2 million in billings, according to the
state lobbying commission.

Lynch, the firm's owner, started a one-person shop in 2001 and enjoyed a
meteoric ascent in the world of Albany lobbying, a result, in part, of her close
ties to Silver, her onetime boss and longtime friend.

So far this year, the firm has 73 clients, according to the lobbying commission,
including Walt Disney Co., the Oneida Indian Nation, insurers, power companies,
hospitals and gambling interests. Its Western New York clients include Delaware
North Cos., the Catholic Hospital System and Western Regional Off-Track Betting
Corp.

Tokasz said a chief job demand was working out of Buffalo. "Clearly, there's a
comfort level for me because I have known Pat individually, and part of this is
how you relate individually with people you're going to work with," he said.

The law allows Tokasz to lobby the new administration of Gov. Eliot L. Spitzer.

"I want to be ethical about it, no question about it," Tokasz said of his work
as a lobbyist. "I also want to be able to use the experience I have as an
elected official for 18 years to advise businesses as to how they should work in
the public policy area."

The firm also is looking to Tokasz to help grow its business outside New York;
Tokasz is a former executive board member of the National Conference of State
Legislatures, an organization that represents state lawmakers that holds annual
meetings around the country.

"He will be the lead in building a national practice," said Lynch, who said she
is trying to build her business in Washington and in other state capitals
through various partnerships.

Like other retired lawmakers, Tokasz is still sitting on a healthy campaign war
chest; he has more than $480,000 in two campaign accounts.

"The revolving door spins quickly in Albany," said Blair Horner, a lobbyist with
the New York Public Interest Research Group. Horner said Tokasz's campaign fund
should be monitored to see if donations go to politicians who, in turn, help
Lynch's lobbying firm.

e-mail: tprecious@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: File photo Paul A. Tokasz says he will strive to avoid ethics issues in
his new role as lobbyist.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                           October 19, 2011 Wednesday

Clark & Weinstock lobby shop joins forces with PR firm Mercury

BYLINE: By Kevin Bogardus

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 311 words


A well-known lobby shop and a prominent public-affairs firm are joining forces
in Washington. Clark & Weinstock and Mercury announced their merger on Tuesday.
The deal will expand the lobbying rosters of both firms and allow Clark &
Weinstock to offer polling, issue advertising and grassroots campaign services
to clients.

The new firm will operate in Washington under the Mercury/Clark & Weinstock name
but will be known by the Mercury brand outside the Beltway in New York,
California, Florida, New Jersey, Illinois and Pennsylvania. "We enhance federal
lobbying capability for both firms," former Rep. Vin Weber (R-Minn.) told The
Hill. "We have the ability to go to the next level in federal lobbying, if you
will." Weber said he was excited about the merger. "We frequently refer clients
to public-affairs firms for PR and grassroots activism," Weber said. "I do think
it's possible for clients to get both capabilities in one firm, and I'm pretty
excited about that." Weber will become co-chairman of both Mercury and
Mercury/Clark & Weinstock. Former Rep. Max Sandlin (D-Texas), already with
Mercury, will also be a co-chairman of the new firm.  "We are able to offer a
complete range of services, from polling to grassroots to grasstops to public
affairs and traditional lobbying," Sandlin said. "We will have all the best
counselors under one roof." Both firms have a good foundation of lobbying
business already in place. Clark & Weinstock has earned nearly $2.9 million in
lobbying fees for the first half of 2011, advocating on behalf of companies like
Alcoa, eBay and Time Warner Cable, according to lobbying disclosure records.
Mercury has lobbied for clients like Air Canada, the National Association of
Broadcasters and Peabody Energy, earning close to $1.9 million in fees for the
first six months of this year, according to lobbying disclosure records.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2011 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            March 27, 2003, Thursday

YANKS IN MAJORS OF ALBANY LOBBY $$

BYLINE: KENNETH LOVETT Post Correspondent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 027

LENGTH: 498 words


ALBANY - With help from the Yankees and the city's teachers, New York saw a
record $92 million spent last year on lobbying state lawmakers, a new report
shows.

As on the ballfield, the Yankees doled out the largest single contract of the
year, according to the latest annual report from the state Lobbying Commission.

Embroiled in a battle to be shown on Cablevision, the Yankees Entertainment &
Sports Network paid $693,517 to the Global Strategy Group to lobby state
lawmakers on a bill addressing the issue.

YES, which recently came to agreement to get Yankee games televised on
Cablevision, spent a total of $785,187 on lobbying last year.

Yankees Partnership kicked in another $250,000, including $184,153 - the
10th-largest contract of the year - to the well-connected Powers Crane & Co. to
lobby for a new stadium.

Yankees owner George Steinbrenner has "gotten into the game," said Blair Horner,
of the New York Public Interest Research Group.

"Like in baseball, those who can afford expensive lobbyists have a competitive
advantage," added Horner, whose organization is calling for an overhaul of
lobbying and campaign-finance laws.

No group spent more on lobbying than the union representing the city's teachers,
which spent $2.8 million last year in its fight for increased school aid and
money to help pay for raises.

UFT spokesman Richard Riley said the bulk of the money spent was on television
ads that ran in New York City.

All told, the $92 million paid to more than 3,300 lobbyists by 1,835 clients
last year represented a 14 percent increase over the then-record $80.4 million
spent in 2001.

Lobbying Commission Executive Director David Grandeau said he expects lobbying
expenses in the current year to exceed $100 million by November.

For the fourth straight year, no lobbying firm earned more than Wilson, Elser,
Moskowitz, Edelman & Dicker, which was paid $5.1 million last year from 97
different clients.

Meanwhile, two former political insiders saw their lobbying fortunes continue to
rise, leading critics to accuse them of unfairly cashing in on their
connections.

Former state Republican Chairman William Powers' firm made $1.2 million, a jump
of 47.8 percent in his second year of lobbying, while Patricia Lynch, a former
top aide to Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, saw business rise 36.4 percent last
year to $1.8 million.

Top 10 spending clients in 2002 lobbying:

1. United Federation of Teachers, $2,803,674.

2. New York State United Teachers, $1,962,906.

3. Public Employee Federation, $1,166,861.

4. Medical Society of the State of New York, $1,117,081.

5. Greater New York Hospital Association, $1,024,939.

6. Philip Morris Management Corp., $946,760.

7. New York City Council, $895,754.

8. Yankees Entertainment and Sports network, $785,187.

9. Business Council of New York State, $689,517.

10. Healthcare Association of New York State, $668,248.

Source: State Lobbying Commission

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              278 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                            January 26, 2015 Monday

Headline

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 629 words


Apple spends $4.1M in political lobbying

Apple Inc., (AAPL) which has been increasing its presence in Washington, boosted
its spending on lobbying in the U.S. capital to $4.1 million last year, a new
milestone for the company that has traditionally shied away from politics. The
Cupertino, California-based iPhone maker spent $1.19 million during the final
three months of 2014, Apple said in a filing with the U.S. Senate that was dated
Jan. 20. That adds to the $2.9 million that the company shelled out in the first
three quarters of last year, according to Opensecrets.org, a website that tracks
spending.

Samsung to use own chips in Galaxy S

Samsung Electronics Co. will use its own microprocessors in the next version of
the Galaxy S smartphone, dropping its use of a Qualcomm Inc. (QCOM) chip that
overheated during the Korean company's testing, people with direct knowledge of
the matter said. Samsung, the world's largest smartphone maker, tested a new
version of Qualcomm's Snapdragon chip, known as the 810, and decided not to use
it, the people said, asking not to be identified because the issue hasn't been
discussed publicly. Qualcomm shares fell on a day when the Philadelphia Stock
Exchange Semiconductor Index gained.

Box Inc. to offer discount public offering

Box Inc. is set to price its initial public offering at a discount to its latest
financing round, as stiff competition overshadows the cloud-storage company's
plans to expand into new areas. The IPO comes almost a year after Box, which
lets businesses manage, store and have access to data over the Web instead of
through on-site computers, first filed to go public. The company's financials in
its March prospectus underwhelmed some investors just as deep-pocketed
competitors including Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) were entering the fray, and the IPO
was delayed. Ten months later, Box's losses have narrowed as revenue surged 70
per cent in the most recent quarter, and the company is offering new services
that could help it retain and increase its customer base.

Uber Technologies raises $1.6B to expand

Uber Technologies Inc. raised $1.6 billion in convertible debt from Goldman
Sachs Group Inc. (GS)'s wealth management clients, according to people with
knowledge of the matter, as the mobile car-booking company builds its finances
to expand internationally. Uber is also still in talks to raise $600 million
from hedge funds and international strategic investors to add to $1.2 billion in
financing that it raised in December, said the people, who asked not to be
identified because the information isn't public. The funding last month valued
San Francisco-based Uber at $40 billion, one of the highest valuations for a
closely held technology startup.

Entertainment firm Shazam tops $1 billion

Shazam Entertainment Ltd. raised $30 million in a new financing that values the
music-finding application at more than $1 billion. Shazam plans to use the cash
to expand into new markets and to add capabilities to its technology, the
London-based company said yesterday. The startup didn't name investors in the
funding round. "We had a couple of billionaires who participated in the funding
round," chairman Andrew Fisher said in an interview with Bloomberg Television.
"Strengthening the balance sheet gives us more choices about when we would go to
the public market." CEO Rich Riley said in July that Shazam is "sprinting" to be
in position for an initial public offering in the next few years. The company,
which has more than 100 million monthly active users on mobile devices, has
technology that lets people identify songs and television shows through
smartphones and tablets and helps users buy tracks or see what music is trending
in their area. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            February 7, 2012 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

GOOGLE, FACEBOOK HIKE D.C. SPENDING

BYLINE: Mike Swift, San Jose Mercury News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A-9

LENGTH: 451 words


SAN JOSE, Calif. -- On the Internet, Google Inc. and Facebook Inc. have both
become superpowers. But until recently, they have often looked more like
90-pound weaklings in Washington, D.C.

That is changing rapidly as the companies increase their spending on lobbying.
While the search giant and the world's biggest social network aren't yet at the
level of major telecom companies like AT&T Inc. and Verizon Communications Inc.,
Washington's growing interest in regulating the Internet, reflected in the
recent battle over the Stop Online Piracy Act, mean those lobbying budgets are
unlikely to waste away anytime soon.

Google spent $9.7 million on lobbying in 2011, up 88 percent from the previous
year, according to newly filed reports with the U.S. Senate, a total that
vaulted Google for the first time past Microsoft -- long the chief target of
federal regulators among tech companies. And while Facebook spent a more modest
$1.4 million last year, its lobbying bill reflected a 284 percent jump over
2010.

"As we have seen over the last year, there are a number of technology issues
being debated in Washington," a Google spokeswoman said in a written statement.
"These are important issues, and we want to help people understand our business
-- the work we do to keep the Internet open, to encourage innovation and to
create economic opportunity."

Said a Facebook spokesman: "This increase represents a continuation of our
efforts to explain how our service works as well as the important actions we
take to protect people who use our service and promote the value of innovation
to our economy."

The political clout of Internet companies -- and particularly social media --
has been visible repeatedly in recent months, with President Barack Obama and
Republican congressional leaders using Facebook and Google's YouTube as
platforms to broadcast their political message. But when Silicon Valley
belatedly realized in the fall that the Stop Online Piracy Act, or SOPA, had a
significant chance to become law, lobbyists working for both Google and Facebook
swung into action to oppose a bill they said would lead to censorship of the
Internet.

Despite the backing of longtime well-monied Washington powers like the Motion
Picture Association of America, headed by former U.S. Sen. Christopher Dodd,
SOPA now appears stalled, particularly after a grass-roots campaign that blacked
out Wikipedia and other websites for a day.

"Certainly on Internet censorship issues like SOPA, it's a good thing for the
public, I think, that Google is getting involved," said Peter Eckersley,
technology projects director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation. "Down the
road, there may be other issues where that is less true."

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              280 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              May 13, 2005 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

SHAW CITES EARLIER MISTAKE, AMENDS REPORT FOR IRELAND TRIP

BYLINE: By LARRY LIPMAN Palm Beach Post Washington Bureau

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 315 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. E. Clay Shaw Jr. has filed an amended disclosure statement showing that a
2003 trip to Ireland was paid by a private business, not a lobbying
organization, as he originally reported.

Shaw filed the report late Wednesday showing that the trip was sponsored by
Century Business Services Inc., of Cleveland.

Previously, Shaw, R-Fort Lauderdale, had indicated that the trip was financed by
Kessler & Assoc., Business Services of Washington, D.C., a registered lobbying
firm representing such major clients as Microsoft, Delta Air Lines, Pfizer,
Bristol-Myers Squibb and the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers Assoc. It
also represents Florida Power & Light and Florida Progress Corp.

House rules prohibit a lobbying organization or lobbyist from paying for a
lawmaker's travel.

Century Business Services Inc., is the parent company of Kessler & Assoc., but
it is not a lobbying organization. House rules allow lawmakers to amend their
disclosure reports at any time.

Shaw's new report says Century Business Services spent $5,464 on transportation,
lodging and meal expenses for Shaw and his wife, Emilie. Shaw was one of five
lawmakers who - several with their wives - attended the international trade
symposium in Ireland before continuing on to England for a conference sponsored
by the Ripon Educational Fund, a nonprofit organization with ties to the
Republican Party.

Although the weeklong conference was held at a luxury resort, Shaw said he
"never saw a tennis court, never saw a horse and never played golf . . . It
wasn't a golf outing, it wasn't anything like that."

Shaw said the initial disclosure report was a mistake - duplicated by the other
four lawmakers who took the trip - not an ethical breach, as portrayed by state
Sen. Ron Klein, D-Delray Beach, his likely congressional opponent next year.

"My record on ethics is pure as it can possibly be," Shaw said.

larryl@coxnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Ran all editions.

CORRECTION-DATE: May 14, 2005



CORRECTION: Because of a reporting error, The Palm Beach Post Friday said that
Kessler & Assoc., Business Services of Washington, D.C., a registered lobbying
firm, represented Florida Progress Corp. Florida Progress Corp. no longer
exists. Its former utility subsidiary, Florida Power Corp., has become Progress
Energy Florida, Inc., which is not represented by Kessler. The information was
based on a report filed by Kessler with the clerk's office of the U.S. House of
Representatives. The error appeared on Page 13A of the front section.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                              281 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            March 24, 2004 Wednesday

HEALTH UNIONS TOP LOBBY CASH FLOOD

BYLINE: KENNETH LOVETT Post Correspondent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 193 words


ALBANY - Lobbying expenses in New York hit a record high $112 million last year,
led by a whopping $11 million spent by the politically powerful health-care
unions, new statistics show.

"This is an A-Rod style number," said Blair Horner, of the New York Public
Interest Research Group, which is pushing for lobbying reform.

The $112 million spent on lobbying the state Legislature last year was a 22
percent increase over the $92 million spent in 2002 and was the first time the
overall figure exceeded $100 million in the state's history.

Another $8 million was spent on lobbying local government, mostly in New York
City, according to the state Lobbying Commission, which released the annual
report yesterday.

The Service Employees International Union Local 1199 and the Greater New York
Hospital Association Healthcare Education Project spent $11.1 million on an
April rally in Albany and an advertising campaign to beat back proposed
health-care cuts by Gov. Pataki.

The New York State United Teachers spent $2.3 million in lobbying, the second
highest total last year. The New York City teachers union ranked eighth,
spending just more than $1 million.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 23, 2002 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Rental Car Industry Presses for Repeal of New York Ban on Collision Waivers

BYLINE:  By JAMES C. McKINLEY Jr.

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 939 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, April 22


The rental car industry has mounted a major lobbying campaign to repeal a law
unique to New York State that requires car rental companies, not consumers, to
absorb most of the cost of repairing wrecked cars.

The law has been on the books since 1988, and rental car companies have tried
several times to rid themselves of it. It caps a renter's liability at $100 and
bans extra charges known as collision damage waivers, which critics claim are a
waste of money for renters but a profitable surcharge for the companies.

A bill to repeal the ban was voted out of the Assembly's consumer affairs
committee without a public hearing and could be brought to a vote in the
Assembly as early as Tuesday.

Last year, an identical bill was stopped in the Assembly when Alexander B.
Grannis, a Manhattan Democrat, stood up and spoke passionately against it.
Members of the Republican minority joined the spontaneous revolt he set off
among maverick Democrats. Speaker Sheldon Silver was forced to pull the
legislation off the calendar or suffer a defeat.

Since then, the industry has redoubled its efforts. The large car rental
companies spent more than $400,000 on lobbying last year and have poured about
$300,000 into lobbying in the first three months of this year, according to
state lobbying reports. They have hired Patricia Lynch, a former close aide of
Mr. Silver, as well as five other lobbyists.

Money has flowed from car rental companies into the legislative leaders'
campaign committees over the last 15 months as well, campaign records show.
Speaker Silver's Democratic Assembly Campaign Committee, for instance, received
$19,725 from rental car companies last year, while the Senate Republican
Campaign Committee got $15,650. The Assembly Republican committee got a payment
of $10,000 last July from Avis just two weeks after last year's bill was
defeated.

Speaker Silver said this week in an interview that he still supported repealing
the law, on the theory that most car renters can get insurance from credit card
companies. Senate Republicans, led by Senator Joseph L. Bruno, are also ready to
pass a bill again when and if it passes the Assembly, Republican leaders said.

Rental car executives argue that the law has forced hundreds of small companies
out of business because they could not afford insurance. They say the law has
also forced the remaining car rental companies to charge higher rates in New
York and to offer fewer cars. The number of rental cars in New York has fallen
to 64,000 from 120,000 a decade ago.

These executives also argue it is inherently unfair to allow bad drivers to walk
away from accidents after paying only $100. Someone has to pick up the tab, they
point out, and under the current law it ends up being other renters. In
addition, many consumers already have coverage through their car insurance or
credit cards and are paying inflated rates for coverage they do not need.

"Every loss is absorbed by the rental car company," said John Murray, a vice
president at Enterprise Rent-a-Car. "These get factored into the cost of the
rental in the state of New York."

But opponents claim private car insurance rates will rise if the Legislature
lifts the ban on selling waivers, because insurance companies would have to pick
up costs now borne by rental car companies. They also point out that the bill
provides no assurance rental rates will go down.

The new bill would lift the ban on selling collision damage waivers and cap the
price at $9 a day for cars worth less than $30,000 and $13 for more expensive
vehicles. In other states, consumers pay as much as $20 for such waivers, which
are not considered insurance in a true sense. The major rental companies pay for
repairs from their profits.

The legislation would also lift the $100 cap on renters' responsibility for
collisions. The bill requires rental companies to disclose to consumers that
they need not buy the waiver if they have car insurance or insurance through a
credit card. Renters also have a day to cancel the surcharge.

Assemblyman Jeffrey Klein, the Bronx Democrat sponsoring the bill, said the
major reason he is pushing the bill is that about 360 small car rental agencies
have gone under since passage of the ban on waivers.

An unlikely alliance of consumer advocates and insurance companies opposes the
bill. The consumer advocates point out it is impossible to know how much car
rental rates should decline after the ban on waivers is lifted because the major
rental car companies, among them Hertz and Avis, refuse to disclose how much
they pay each year for repairs to New York cars. They also argue that the
surcharge, at $9 a day, costs too much at a time when private collision
insurance costs about 79 cents a day on average. In their eyes, the surcharge is
a lucrative source of extra cash for car rental companies.

"They will still advertise the lower rates to talk people in and then give them
the hard sell at the counter on the collision damage waivers," said Russ Haven,
a lobbyist for the New York Public Interest Research Group, which is leading the
charge against the bill.

One pivotal factor will be how Republicans vote in the Assembly. Last year, many
Republicans joined Mr. Grannis in opposing the measure. But if the newly elected
minority leader, Charles H. Nesbitt, decides to throw Republicans' weight behind
the bill, Mr. Grannis and other opponents will be hard pressed to beat back
Speaker Silver's allies. So far, Mr. Nesbitt has remained neutral.

One of Mr. Nesbitt's aides, Tom Krous, said, "There is no dictated conference
position on this legislation, so the members are free to vote how they want."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              283 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 24, 1983, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

VETERANS' LOBBIES RETAIN TAX STATUS

BYLINE: By LINDA GREENHOUSE, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1148 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 23


The Supreme Court today upheld the Federal Government's preferential tax
treatment of organizations that lobby for veterans.

The Court ruled unanimously that Congress did not violate the Constitution by
giving veterans' groups a privilege that it did not give to other nonprofit,
charitable organizations.

Under the Internal Revenue Code, veterans' groups that engage in lobbying retain
their eligibility to receive tax-deductible contributions, while all other
nonprofit groups forfeit this tax benefit if they engage in ''substantial''
lobbying.

The decision, written by Associate Justice William H. Rehnquist, overturned a
ruling by the United States Court of Appeals here. That court ruled last year
that the preferential treatment of veterans' groups violated the constitutional
right of other nonprofit groups to equal protection of the law.

Ruling Gave Congress a Choice

The appellate court's opinion gave Congress the choice of either extending the
veterans' lobbying privilege to the other groups or making the veterans' groups
subject to the same restrictions as the other organizations.

The appellate court's opinion created an uproar among veterans' organizations,
35,000 of which have been granted tax-exempt status by the Internal Revenue
Service. The Justice Department appealed the decision to the Supreme Court,
arguing that Congress should be free to express the nation's ''special
gratitude'' to veterans by giving their lobby special privileges.

There are 330,000 other nonprofit organizations that are eligible for tax-exempt
status as long as they do not use tax-deductible contributions for lobbying.

The veterans' lobbying privilege was challenged by Taxation With Representation,
a Washington-based organization that was denied the tax-exempt status it sought
from the Internal Revenue Service because it intended to lobby on tax issues.

Nonprofit organizations generally regard the ability to receive tax-deductible
contributions as vital to their survival. In its lawsuit, Taxation With
Representation argued that the lobbying restriction violated both its First
Amendment right to free speech and its Fifth Amendment right to equal
protection.

The Federal District Court here ruled for the Government on both counts. Then
the Court of Appeals rejected the First Amendment challenge but ruled that the
restriction did violate the equal protection guarantee.

Both issues were before the Supreme Court today in Regan v. Taxation With
Representation (No. 81-2338). Addressing the free speech question first, Justice
Rehnquist said the fact that Taxation With Representation had a First Amendment
right to lobby did not give it a corresponding right to have its free speech
subsidized with Federal funds.

''Both tax exemptions and tax-deductibility are a form of subsidy that is
administered through the tax system,'' Justice Rehnquist said. In refusing to
grant tax-deductible status to nonveteran lobbying groups, he added, ''Congress
has merely refused to pay for the lobbying out of public monies.''

Justice Rehnquist continued: ''We have held in several contexts that a
legislature's decision not to subsidize the exercise of a fundamental right does
not infringe the right.''

Medicaid Abortion Ruling Cited

One of the precedents he cited was the Supreme Court's 1980 ruling that Congress
need not pay for abortions for poor women under the Medicaid program.

On the equal protection question, Justice Rehnquist said Congress needed only to
show a ''rational'' basis for giving veterans' groups a favored tax status.

''Our country has a longstanding policy of compensating veterans for their past
contributions by providing them with numerous advantages,'' he said, referring
in a footnote to veterans' employment preferences and educational benefits. He
concluded, ''This policy has always been deemed to be legitimate.''

The 35,000 tax-exempt veterans' groups include the local posts of major national
organizations, such as the American Legion and the Veterans of Foreign Wars.

The Supreme Court also dealt with these matters today:

Miranda Warnings

The Justices agreed to decide whether a New York City police officer had
violated the constitutional rights of a robbery suspect by asking him where he
had thrown his gun without first giving him the so-called Miranda warnings.

The officer had caught the fleeing suspect in a Queens supermarket and, noticing
his empty shoulder holster, asked him where the gun was. ''Over there,'' the
suspect said, indicating a carton where the officer found the gun.

The trial judge, his action affirmed by the New York appellate courts, refused
to allow either the statement or the gun itself to be introduced as evidence.
District Attorney John J. Santucci of Queens filed the appeal, N.Y. v. Quarles
(No. 82-1213), arguing that the Miranda rule was not violated and that, in any
event, the gun itself should be permitted as evidence.

Jurisdiction

The Court ruled unanimously that Congress acted within its constitutional
authority in enacting a 1976 law that permits foreign corporations to bring
commercial lawsuits against foreign governments in United States courts.

The decision, Verlinden v. Central Bank of Nigeria (No. 81-920), overturned a
ruling by the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in New York.
That court barred a breach of contract suit by a Dutch corporation against the
Government of Nigeria, ruling that the Federal courts could not constitutionally
assume jurisdiction over lawsuits by foreign plaintiffs against foreign
governments.

In an opinion by Chief Justice Warren E. Burger, the Court held that the Foreign
Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976 met constitutional standards in opening Federal
courts to certain types of foreign suits. But the Court did not resolve the
Dutch lawsuit, sending the case back to the lower courts for further
proceedings.

The Justice Department and several business groups, including the National
Association of Manufacturers and the Chamber of Commerce of the United States,
had urged the Court to overturn the lower court decision.

Forfeiture

The Court ruled, 8 to 1, that the Customs Service did not violate a narcotics
suspect's due process rights by seizing the $8,850 in undeclared currency she
was carrying through the Los Angeles International Airport and holding the money
for 18 months before filing a formal forfeiture proceeding.

The opinion, by Associate Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, overturned a ruling by
the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, which ruled that the
delay was so unreasonable as to be unconstitutional. The decision, U.S. v.
$8,850 (No. 81-1062), did not provide a blanket rule for customs seizures,
concluding instead that each delay had to be analyzed on a case-by-case basis.
Associate Justice John Paul Stevens filed a dissenting opinion.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              284 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 24, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Cardinals in Baltimore, D.C. Lobby Against Sex Abuse Bills;
Childhood Victims Would Get More Time to File Lawsuits

BYLINE: Caryle Murphy, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B05

LENGTH: 599 words


Roman Catholic Church officials are putting a full-court press on Maryland
legislators to reject bills that would extend the time allowed for victims of
childhood sex abuse to file lawsuits against abusers and their employers.

Cardinal Theodore E. McCarrick of the Washington archdiocese and Cardinal
William H. Keeler of the Baltimore archdiocese have gotten involved, expressing
opposition to the bills to House Judiciary Committee members directly or through
intermediaries. The archdioceses also have hired a prominent Annapolis lobbying
firm, Schwartz & Metz, to supplement the efforts of the Maryland Catholic
Conference, their regular lobbying arm.

"Almost everyone on the committee has acknowledged to me that the church has
called them or called their ministers about the bill, and they are meeting with
every member of the committee, including me," said Del. Pauline H. Menes
(D-Prince George's), the bills' principal sponsor.

Del. Carol S. Petzold (D-Montgomery) described the church's lobbying as "just
short of frantic. It appears to be a very high priority with them."

Some lawmakers also reported that Montgomery County Executive Douglas M. Duncan
had conveyed to them the church's concerns.

Susan Gibbs, spokeswoman for the Washington archdiocese, said that the church's
lobbying was not unusual and that "we are doing the same kinds of things we do
with any bill" that affects the church.

Under Maryland law, lawsuits by childhood abuse victims can be filed until the
victim is 25. The two bills would significantly ease that restriction. One would
let victims file suit until they are 42; the other would open a two-year window
during which victims of any age could sue.

Supporters say the bills are needed because victims typically do not report the
abuse until they are in their thirties or forties. Church officials say it would
be hard for defendants to present an adequate defense decades after an alleged
incident, and they note that Maryland has no time limit on criminal charges
against a child abuser.

Del. Samuel I. Rosenberg (D-Baltimore), a co-sponsor of the bills, said he was
contacted by a local rabbi who had received a call from Keeler about the
legislation and was relaying the cardinal's concerns. Rosenberg said the rabbi,
whom he declined to name, reported that the cardinal was upset that Jewish
lawmakers were sponsoring the bills. Rosenberg and Menes are Jewish.

"To make a point of the religion of the sponsor of a bill . . . was beneath
contempt," Rosenberg said he told the rabbi.

Keeler is in Rome, and his spokesman said Wednesday and yesterday that he could
not be reached for comment.

Del. Luiz R.S. Simmons (D-Montgomery) said Duncan, who is running for governor,
telephoned him recently to say that McCarrick was "very concerned about the
bills."

Duncan spokesman David Weaver said that McCarrick had spoken about the
legislation with Duncan, who is Catholic, but that the cardinal "did not ask
Doug to make calls on his behalf."

Baltimore Mayor Martin O'Malley, also a candidate for governor, said that church
officials "have made me aware of their concerns about this issue" but that
neither he nor city officials have become involved.

Committee member Anthony G. Brown (D-Prince George's), who is Catholic, said he
and his wife were invited by McCarrick to "a social call" at the cardinal's
residence a couple of weeks ago. They discussed several matters, including the
bills extending the statue of limitations, said Brown, who is O'Malley's running
mate.

Staff writers Matthew Mosk and John Wagner contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              285 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 10, 2013 Sunday
                                    National

Leaving the Legislature, But Not Going Very Far

BYLINE: By AMAN BATHEJA.

abatheja@texastribune.org

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; THE TEXAS TRIBUNE; Pg. 29A

LENGTH: 548 words


It is a familiar sight at the start of every legislative session in Austin.

The latest batch of former legislators, who have left their House or Senate
seats either by their own choice or that of the voters, invariably includes some
who quickly begin careers as lobbyists hoping to influence former colleagues on
behalf of deep-pocketed clients.

A handful of lawmakers and critics have pushed for years to close the
''revolving door'' practice, which they see as unethical. In a part-time citizen
legislature whose conflict-of-interest rules have been questioned, such a
situation only adds to the calls for change.

''I think it's very important that we send a clear signal to the citizens that
if you're a legislator, that it's not a steppingstone to a
half-a-million-dollar-a-year lobbying job,'' said Senator Dan Patrick,
Republican of Houston.

Last month, eight former House members, all Republicans, registered as lobbyists
with the Texas Ethics Commission soon after their replacements were sworn in.

In many cases, former lawmakers are lobbying for companies on issues in which
they gained expertise while in office. Rob Eissler of The Woodlands headed the
House Public Education Committee last session; now his clients include the
Harris County Department of Education. Vicki Truitt of Keller is lobbying for
the Texas Retired Teachers Association and ACE Cash Express after previously
leading the House committee that dealt with pensions and financial services.

Former Representatives Michael Hamilton of Lumberton, Rick Hardcastle of Vernon,
Chuck Hopson of Jacksonville, Jim Jackson of Carrollton, Aaron Peña of Edinburg
and Burt Solomons of Carrollton are also now lobbyists in Austin.

Last month, Mr. Jackson joined the staff of Texas Legislative Associates, an
Austin lobbying firm that brags on its Web site about the ability of its staff
of ''former legislators and agency executives'' to provide clients
''extraordinary access to key policy makers.''

''I'm not ever going to be a big-time lobbyist,'' said Mr. Jackson, who did not
seek re-election in 2012. ''I just wanted to stay in the game, and I'm enjoying
myself.''

Mr. Jackson said his lobbying was not inappropriate. ''It's like anything
else,'' he said. ''Experience always helps.''

In 2006, the Center for Public Integrity found more than 1,300 former lawmakers
registered as lobbyists around the country. Texas had the most, with 70.

Thirty-five states require a ''cooling off'' period before legislators can begin
lobbying their state government, according to the National Conference of State
Legislators.

Both Representative Donna Howard, Democrat of Austin, and Mr. Patrick have filed
bills this session similar to ones they have offered in the past, adding Texas
to that list. Ms. Howard wants legislators to wait two years. Mr. Patrick thinks
they should be barred from lobbying for the two regular legislative sessions
after they leave office.

Ms. Howard said that Texas already required some employees of regulatory
agencies to take two years off before lobbying their former employers.

''It seems to me if we're going to require that of our state employees, we
should require it of state legislators,'' she said.

Business as Usual: This is part of a series of articles on ethics and
transparency in the Texas Legislature.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/02/10/us/concerns-about-former-texas-lawmakers-in-
lobbying-jobs.html

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Jim Jackson left the House and now works for a lobbying firm.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY ZACH LONG/LUBBOCK AVALANCHE-JOURNAL)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News; Series

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              286 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

Hogan legislation focuses on redistricting, ethics and lobbying reform

BYLINE: Bryan P. Sears

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 808  words


ANNAPOLIS -- Gov. Larry Hogan Thursday announced a set of proposed measures he
said would reform state government in the wake of a number of recent criminal
and ethics investigations of state and local officials.

The four-bill package includes legislation to overhaul state ethics and lobbying
laws and to place new restrictions on lobbying for lawmakers, former lawmakers
and executive branch employees. Also included is a bill, previously introduced,
that would create an independent redistricting commission as well as nearly $2
million that would allow the House and Senate to stream live video of floor
proceedings.

"The initiatives we are introducing today are in an effort to restore the
public's trust in our state government and finally bring some transparency,
accountability and fairness to Annapolis," Hogan said of the four-bill package
while standing at the base of the steps of the State House.  "We cannot allow
the unethical behavior of the few to tarnish the good will of the many in our
state capital. "

The language of the bills, which were delivered to the House of Delegates and
Senate for introduction, was not immediately available.

Hogan's proposals include:

A proposal prohibiting legislators from working on legislation that directly
benefits their employer or a business they own. It also prohibits executive
branch and legislative staff from lobbying for one year after they leave state
service and bars individuals employed by a lobbying firm from being appointed to
a state board or commission. The State Ethics Commission would have oversight
power over all elected officials, registered lobbyists and consultants.

Legislation requiring that all meetings of the General Assembly be
live-streamed. Hogan has already earmarked $1.2 million to fund the new
technology.

Reform for county liquor boards, including eliminating political party central
committees from nominating board members. Legislators would be required to
submit formal, public nominations. The state ethics commission would have
oversight.

Creation of a nonpartisan redistricting commission that would redraw legislative
and congressional districts in the state. The bill is said to be similar to a
failed 2016 proposal made by Hogan.  Democratic lawmakers this year have started
to public express concerns about redistricting should Hogan win re-election in
2018.

"There's no question that some of the recent indictments and stories to come to
light about former and current and even potential legislators being indicted on
state and federal charges and felonies, that we certainly want to try to close
some of those particular loopholes and address some of the problems that were
allowed to happen," Hogan said.

In his remarks, Hogan referenced a number of legal and ethical issues that have
made headlines in recent weeks, including an ongoing federal investigation that
has resulted in the indictment of Prince George's County liquor board officials
and license holders, as well as former Del. Will Campos. That same investigation
is believed to be behind the resignation of Del. Michael Vaughn, D-Prince
George's County.

Hogan also noted an ongoing legislative ethics inquiry into Del. Dan Morhaim
related to his involvement with a company seeking medical marijuana license, and
questions about former Del. John Bohanan's activities in advocating on behalf of
a now-canceled state contract with a company owned by his brother-in-law.
Bohanan's wife also owned a company that was a subcontractor on the deal that
she said last year was worth $864,000 to her building supply company.

The announcement was met with positive reaction from Jennifer Bevan-Dangel,
executive director of Common Cause Maryland.

"A lot of the bills, from what I heard the governor say, are actually taking
numerous pieces from legislation that we've advocated for over the last decade
or so and packaged them up together," Bevan-Dangel said. "As the governor said,
we haven't seen a major ethics overhaul in over a decade and it's certainly long
past due. "

Julia Pitcher Worcester, a registered lobbyist and vice president of the
Maryland Government Relations Association, said her organization would withhold
comment until it could review the exact language in each of the bills.

Legislative leaders in the House and Senate also took a wait-and-see approach
while vowing to work on ethics reform.

"We look forward to working with the governor to make sure Maryland has the
highest standards of transparency and ethics," House Speaker Michael E. Busch
said in a statement.

"Ethics is going to be a major focus of the 2017 session," said Senate President
Thomas V. Mike Miller Jr. in a statement. "We look forward to looking at the
governor's proposals and working with him. "







Click here for more from this resource.

Copyright © 2017 BridgeTower Media.  All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 7, 2003 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Challenge to Civil Liberties Union Dropped

BYLINE:  By The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 230 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Nov. 6


The Temporary State Commission on Lobbying has dropped its challenge to the New
York Civil Liberties Union over a billboard outside an upstate mall, saying the
group no longer has to list the cost of the billboard as a lobbying expense.

In a letter sent to the civil liberties group on Wednesday, David M. Grandeau,
the commission's executive director, said "there is no longer any need to
respond" to an October letter from a commission analyst ordering the group to
amend its latest lobbying report to reflect expenses for the billboard.

The New York Civil Liberties Union filed suit on Monday in Federal District
Court in Manhattan, challenging the lobbying commission's request. At the time,
Mr. Grandeau maintained that the billboard was lobbying because it was unveiled
as the civil liberties union was voicing support for a bill in the State
Assembly seeking to entitle New Yorkers to exercise free speech in shopping
malls.

The sign was erected in March, in response to the arrest of a man for wearing a
T-shirt in the mall opposing the planned Iraqi invasion. The civil liberties
group argued that the billboard was grass-roots advocacy, not lobbying.

Mr. Grandeau said he dropped the matter because he determined that the group did
not pay for the billboard. But the civil liberties union said it had paid for
the billboard, and said it would not dismiss its lawsuit.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              288 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 23, 1997, Thursday, Final Edition

Going for Olympic Gold

Bill McAllister, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A21; THE FEDERAL PAGE; SPECIAL INTERESTS: LOBBYING
WASHINGTON

LENGTH: 821 words


When Atlanta staged the 1996 Summer Olympic Games, lobbyist Cynthia D. Gillespie
helped Georgia officials find the keys to the federal treasury. Now she's doing
the same for Salt Lake City, which will host the 2002 Winter Games.

"What most people don't realize is that when you are staging an event of this
size you are in need of a partnership," said Gillespie, vice president for
federal government relations for the Salt Lake Organizing Committee for the
Winter Olympic Games of 2002.

"Partnership" means Utah officials are looking for lots of money from Uncle Sam
to stage the games. Currently on Utah's wish list: $ 80 million from the
Department of Transportation for nonhighway projects, an unspecified amount to
upgrade major highways and $ 2 million from the Justice Department for security
planning, and assurances from the State Department that it will issue thousands
of "Olympic identity cards" to admit the foreign athletes.

Of course as she presses Salt Lake's case for the federal help, Gillespie is
also pointing out to lawmakers that the money is not to pump up the Olympics per
se. "What's important is the things that are needed are all needed because of
growth out here -- not for the Olympics," said Gillespie.

Ex-White House Aide Represents Swiss Banks

Three major Swiss banks, embroiled in controversy over their handling of the
bank accounts of World War II Holocaust victims, have turned to Lloyd N. Cutler,
former White House counsel to Presidents Clinton and Jimmy Carter, for lobbying
help in Washington.

Cutler's law firm, Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering, already represented the three
banks -- Union Bank of Switzerland, Credit Suisse and Swiss Bank Corp. -- in
lawsuits in New York. The firm has begun to talk to figures in the
administration and Congress about the issue, although Roger M. Witten, a Wilmer,
Cutler partner, says no legislation has yet surfaced.

Former Bush White House counsel A.B. Culvahouse Jr., a partner at O'Melveny &
Myers, is representing GTE Corp. in its bid to acquire Washington-based MCI
Communications Corp. Partner Thomas E. Donilon, an ex-assistant secretary of
state for public affairs, will be helping on the issue. An MCI spokeswoman said
the company has not added any lobbyists to handle the takeover issue.

Radio Lawyer Gets New Client

Neil L. Chayet, the Boston lawyer known for his "Looking at the Law" radio
commentaries, is looking at lobbying. His Chayet Communications Group Inc. is
lobbying on behalf of Westwood Pembroke Health System, the Massachusetts-based
operators of psychiatric hospitals, on Medicare and Medicaid issues.

Ex-Bowles Aide, Wife Head for San Francisco

Here's the rest of the story about Timothy Newell, a technology adviser to White
House Chief of Staff Erskine B. Bowles, joining Robertson Stephens & Co., a San
Francisco investment firm: Spouse Elizabeth A. Inadomi, a lobbyist on computer
encryption policy issues for Podesta Associates, will open a Bay Area office for
Podesta.

The Revolving Door . . .

Former senator Bob Packwood (R-Ore.) has a major new client for his lobbying
shop, Sunrise Research Corp. He'll represent Northwest Airlines in its highly
public battle for access to the Japanese market.

Richard H. Rosenzweig, who was chief of staff to Hazel R. O'Leary at the Energy
Department and now works with the lobbying shop of Alcalde & Fay of Arlington,
has registered as British Petroleum America's lobbyist on global climate and
solar energy issues.

Former Securities and Exchange commissioner Richard Y. Roberts, counsel at the
D.C. office of New York's Reid & Priest, has signed up the Electronic Traders
Association and Consolidated Natural Gas of Pittsburgh.

Paul R. Dimond, who was an economics adviser to President Clinton until
February, is lobbying on development issues for the city of Taylor, Mich. He is
senior counsel at the Ann Arbor law firm of Miller, Caufield, Paddock & Stone.

Roger Blauwet, who until January was giving banking advice to Sen. Max Baucus
(D-Mont.) as a legislative assistant, is now at Canfield & Associates and
offering his skills to Wells Fargo Bank of San Francisco.

Former House member and State Department special envoy Stephen J. Solarz
(D-N.Y.), now a senior counselor at APCO Associates Inc., is working for the
Bangladesh Garment Manufacturers & Exporters Assoc. on textiles issues and
quotas. Republican Frank J. Donatelli, ex-Reagan White House political director
and a partner at Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld, is doing the same for the
Sir Lanka Apparel Exporters Assoc.

Communications Workers Name Chief Lobbyist

In a town of strategic advisers and government relations consultants, Lou
Gerber, who until recently was the "legislative representative" for the
630,000-member Communications Workers of America, likes the L-word. From now on,
Gerber happily notes, he is the CWA's "chief lobbyist."


LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Symbol

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              289 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 30, 2003 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Panel Is Facing Strong Lobbying Over Design Of 9/11 Tribute

BYLINE:  By EDWARD WYATT

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 830 words


An intense lobbying effort is under way, both in public and behind the scenes,
to influence the jury that will choose the design for a memorial at the World
Trade Center site.

A group of family members of victims of the Sept. 11 attack that serves as an
advisory council to rebuilding officials met with the jury this week. Former
Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani has been promised a similar private session, according
to two rebuilding officials, who said that Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, Gov.
George E. Pataki and board members of the lead rebuilding agency will also be
offered meetings with the jury.

Publicly, firefighters, downtown residents and business leaders have begun to
push to have their desires represented in the memorial. Their wish lists
encompass issues as diverse as easy pedestrian access across the site and
specific recognition in the memorial for uniformed rescue workers.

Even two directors of the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation, the lead
rebuilding agency, have begun lobbying the jury to do away with one central
aspect of the overall site design made by the architect Daniel Libeskind, the
sunken pit, bounded by the trade center's foundation walls, that is to serve as
the setting for the memorial.

All these efforts are taking place just as the memorial competition begins, at
least a month before the 13-member jury starts to review any designs. But the
lobbying also comes barely a month after officials overseeing the memorial
pledged to try to keep the process clear of the political pressures that shaped
the selection of the Libeskind site design.

It is not uncommon for members of a jury in a design competition to hear from
interested groups, particularly in a situation as laden with emotion as a
terrorist bombing.

Edward T. Linenthal, a professor of religion and American culture at the
University of Wisconsin, Oshkosh, who has studied and written about memorials,
said yesterday that the jury for the Oklahoma City National Memorial received
significant guidance from family members of victims and from survivors of the
bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building. "I don't think it politicized
it at all," he said.

Yet Mr. Pataki's influence over the selection of Mr. Libeskind is still fresh in
the minds of many people who have followed the rebuilding. Mr. Pataki pushed for
Mr. Libeskind over the other finalist, the Think team, even though Think was
favored by a committee of the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation's board.

Kevin Rampe, interim president of the development corporation, said he believed
that the jury would be independent in its assessments of the designs in the
competition. He added that a conscious effort was made to conduct all the
meetings between constituent groups and the jury before design submissions begin
to be accepted on June 9. The end of the submission period is June 30; a design
is to be chosen in October.

Matthew Higgins, chief operating officer at the development corporation, said
the guidelines laid out by the agency for the competition were flexible enough
to encompass a variety of approaches and technologies. Therefore, he said,
officials do not want the jury to feel bound by what has been done at other
memorials.

Members of the jury, too, have made clear that they intend to consider every
submission, even those that do not strictly comply with the official guidelines
for the placement and content of the memorial.

That has led some interest groups to become more vocal in their calls for
attention. Two development corporation board members, Carl Weisbrod and Madelyn
Wils, have been pushing for some accommodation to Mr. Libeskind's design for the
site to allow residents and downtown workers to easily cross the memorial site.

At a public hearing before jury members on Wednesday night, Mr. Weisbrod, who is
president of the Alliance for Downtown New York, a business group, asked the
jury to consider memorial designs that place the memorial at ground level,
rather than 30 feet below ground, as Mr. Libeskind has designed it.

Those calls are expected to be repeated on Thursday, when advisory councils of
downtown residents and others meet with the jury.

Also at the public hearing, jury members heard repeated, forceful calls from
firefighters and their supporters for separate recognition on the memorial of
uniformed rescue workers who died at the trade center. Previously, a committee
that drafted the memorial "mission statement" agreed that it wanted all the
lives lost to be honored equally.

Several family members of victims who met with the jury on Tuesday addressed
that issue, with some urging that the memorial note affiliations with the Fire
or Police Department and others urging that jury members look at the mission
statement for guidance on the decision.

Many family members and some jury members became quite emotional during the
meeting, according to two people who attended, as many family members told about
their relatives who were killed.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              290 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           January 9, 2013 Wednesday

IN BRIEF

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 346 words


CLEVELAND

Ex-congressman to run D.C. lobbying firm

Former congressman Steven LaTourette of Ohio will run a law firm's new lobbying
subsidiary in the nation's capital along with his wife.

The move was announced Tuesday by the McDonald Hopkins law firm, which has
offices in Chicago, Cleveland, Columbus, Detroit, Miami and West Palm Beach,
Fla.

McDonald Hopkins Government Strategies will have offices overlooking Capitol
Hill.

LaTourette, a Republican from Lake County northeast of Cleveland, served 18
years in Congress. He didn't seek reelection last year in frustration with
political gridlock.

LaTourette's wife, Jennifer, has worked for a Washington lobbying firm for the
past 10 years.

COLUMBUS

Court hears arguments for DNA testing

The Ohio Supreme Court has heard oral arguments in the case of a condemned
inmate whose attorneys argue DNA testing could help exonerate him.

At issue is the case of death row prisoner Tyrone Noling, convicted in 1996 of
fatally shooting an elderly Portage County couple at their home.

The Supreme Court heard arguments from both sides Tuesday morning.

Lawyers for the Ohio Innocence Project want to test a cigarette butt found at
the scene against DNA profiles of offenders in a national database, including a
convicted killer who was executed.

The state says previous tests have excluded Noling as the smoker of the butt and
says new testing would prove nothing. A lower court judge has twice denied the
request.

TOLEDO

Museum returning anicent jug to Italy

An art museum in Ohio is handing over an ancient water jug to the Italian
government after investigators determined that it was likely dug up from Italy
years ago.

Toledo Museum of Art officials on Tuesday officially turned over the
2,500-yearold water jug that the museum bought thirty years ago from antiquities
dealers out of Switzerland. Authorities believe the artifact was probably
illegally excavated in Italy, smuggled to Switzerland and given a forged record
of ownership.

The museum agreed in June to give back the 20-inch-tall vessel following a
federal investigation that began in 2010.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              291 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             August 19, 2012 Sunday
                              Correction Appended

Defense contractors give $500K;
Ohio reps raking in cash from makers of weapons Pentagon doesn't want.;
Special coverage: Military spending

BYLINE: ByJosh Sweigart

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 606 words


Three defense contractors who make weapons systems that are on the chopping
block for Department of Defense cuts have pumped more than $500,000 in recent
years into campaigns for Ohio's congressional seats as lawmakers fight to revive
the programs.

Some say the legislators are motivated by jobs. Members of Congress interviewed
for this story say they're motivated by national security.

"It's politics and it's money," said Ben Freeman with the Washington, D.C.-based
Project on Government Oversight.

"You're talking about an industry that's putting tens of thousands and some
years millions of dollars into our political process, and they're good at it."

Working with the nonprofit Center for Responsive Politics, the Dayton Daily News
examined lobbying and campaign donations by political action committees and
employees of the contractors behind the M1 Abrams tank, the Global Hawk Block 30
drone and the C-27J cargo carrier.

Funding for all of these systems was cut by the Pentagon in an effort to save
potentially billions of dollars, but was put back in the budget with strong
backing from Ohio's delegation.

Northrop Grumman, which builds the Global Hawk drone, has spent $8.6 million so
far this election cycle on lobbying. It spent $20 million in 2008, the most
recent presidential election year.

General Dynamics, which runs the M1 Abrams tank plant in Lima, has spent $5
million on lobbying this election cycle.

Its lobbying has been steadily increasing in recent years - as talk of plant
closure increased - from $7.2 million in 2007 to $11.4 million in 2011.

Alenia North America - a joint venture of the Italian firm Finmeccanica Inc. and
L-3 Communications that builds the C-27J Spartan - spends more than $1.5 million
a year on lobbying, in addition to the multimillion-dollar lobbying efforts of
both parent companies.

In campaign donations, the Daily News found that $504,100 has flowed into the
coffers of U.S. Senate and House campaigns in Ohio since 2004, coming from the
employees and PACs of General Dynamics, Northrop Grumman and L-3 Communications.

Nationwide, employees and PACs of these three companies have contributed $15.5
million to campaigns since 2004.

The biggest Ohio recipient is Marcy Kaptur, D-Toledo, who sits on the
influential defense subcommittee of the House Appropriations Committee.

She has received $66,000 in campaign contributions from these companies since
2004.

Kaptur's office did not respond to requests for comment.

"What we see is politics and money is getting in the way of what's really
national security," Freeman said.

"These are sort of defacto bribes they're getting."

Lawmakers interviewed said campaign donations have no impact on their decisions.

"I'm looking at this from a national security standpoint, from an economic
standpoint as far as jobs in our region. (Donations) do not impact that at all,"
said Steve Austria, R-Beavercreek.

"It has no impact," said Jim Jordan, R-Urbana. "People give to me because they
know I'm conservative and I'm going to fight for a lower budget and family
values."

Brookings Institute senior policy fellow Mike O'Hanlon said the power of defense
contractors and the so-called military-industrial complex is about all of these
things: money, power, jobs.

"I think they (defense companies) probably do have a little too much clout, and
there are times where I think that the big defense firms have a little
disproportionate voice," he said.

"You should ask those questions (of lawmakers) about their parochial interest,
their constituent interest, their campaign interest, and it's true that all
those things tend to impact the average vote on weapons systems."

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 22, 2012



CORRECTION:   In Sunday's edition, Page A9, a story incorrectly identified the
relationship between Alenia North America and L-3 Communications. L-3
Communications is partnered with Alenia and its parent company Finmeccanica Inc.
in building the C-27J Spartan aircraft.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              292 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 16, 1999, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Smoke-Filled Albany

SECTION: Section A; Page 26; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 331 words


The rules for lobbying in Albany are so abysmally loose that only occasionally
does the outside world get a glimpse of how New York State's Legislature can
market its influence. Such a moment arrived this year when the tobacco industry
was forced to open its files in state litigation around the country. The
documents listed how much money companies like Philip Morris had spent trying to
secure protection in places like Albany.

Last week New York State's lobbying commission managed to get Philip Morris to
agree to pay $75,000, the highest fine the commission has ever imposed, for
underreporting lobbying expenses in Albany from 1996 to 1998. The tobacco giant
also agreed to bar its chief Albany official from lobbying the Legislature for
three years.

But Philip Morris was barely singed in the process. The state attorney general,
Eliot Spitzer, who has asked that a criminal version of this matter be referred
to his office, fumed that the commission had been "completely out-lawyered by
Philip Morris, bamboozled. They gave an absolution where none was deserved."

Mr. Spitzer may be overstating the case, since the commission can still refer
the Philip Morris matter for criminal prosecution. Moreover, these same company
documents could be used by the secretive Legislative Ethics Committee to
determine whether illegal gifts were given by lobbyists and received by
legislators with an intent to influence legislation.

The real travesty in Albany is the lobbying law itself. Set to expire at the end
of the year, with the commission then closing its doors in March, the law gives
the commission little power against some of the nation's most powerful
lobbyists. A strengthened law should limit gifts and favors, impose a broader
definition of lobbying and allow the commission more freedom to levy higher
fines. A mere extension, as some state politicians want, would be a reason for
many lobbyists to take the nearest legislator out to dinner to celebrate.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              293 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    July 22, 1998, Wednesday, Final Edition

Lobbyist Cassidy Cos. To Sell Stock in Firm

Bill McAllister, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. C09

LENGTH: 677 words


Investors soon will have a chance to gain a stake in Washington's influence
game.

Cassidy Cos., parent of lobbying powerhouse Cassidy & Associates and public
relations firm Powell Tate, both based in the District, announced yesterday that
it will become the area's first publicly held government relations firm by
selling stock in an initial public offering.

In a prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday, the
company said it plans to sell an unspecified number of shares and hopes to raise
about $ 40 million.

Founded in 1975 by Gerald S.J. Cassidy, a Democratic lawyer who worked on food
and nutrition issues in the Senate, the firm has parlayed its expertise in
securing federal grants for private colleges and hospitals into a
multimillion-dollar business. Cassidy's firm represents kings, colleges and
causes and employs some of Washington's best-known influence brokers. Besides
Cassidy, the firm's employee roster includes former White House aides Jody
Powell and Sheila Tate; Cassidy Vice Chairman James P. Fabiani; retired Marine
Gen. P.X. Kelley, and Marty A. Russo, chief operating officer of Cassidy &
Associates.

The firm and many of its 73 senior professionals have ridden the booming demand
for Washington lobbying to wealth and prominence, although the firm's best
lobbyists deliberately have maintained a low profile.

Through the firm's IPO, these lobbyists and the firm's employee-owners, who
first were given stock in the firm in 1989, are likely to profit handsomely.

Cassidy, who earns a salary of $ 757,320 a year as the firm's chairman and chief
executive, would receive $ 3.4 million from the sale of stock and Vice Chairman
Fabiani would get $ 2.4 million, according to the company's SEC filing.

The company said in the filing that about $ 13 million of proceeds from the sale
would go to the employee stock plan. The company would use $ 2 million to repay
operating lines of credit and the balance would be used for acquisitions, it
said.

The offering will be managed by Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co., a brokerage in
Arlington that has handled many regional IPOs in the past few years.

If the offering is successful, it could put pressure on other lobbying firms to
consider such a move. But Wright H. Andrews Jr., immediate past president of the
American League of Lobbyists, cautioned that few are likely to follow.

"All of us would wish them well, but this is the exception rather than the
rule," Andrews said. Most lobbying operations are much smaller than Cassidy and
many are law firms, which are not likely to make the transition, he said.

Long ranked as one of Washington's biggest lobbying firms, the Cassidy filing
confirmed that status and offered a rare insight into the size and finances of a
major lobbying firm.

In 1997 the firm's revenue, most of it from lobbying, jumped to $ 41 million
from $ 36.4 million in 1996. Its profit from continuing operations totaled $ 3.3
million, compared with a loss of $ 249,000 a year earlier, which largely stemmed
from expenses related to its employee stock plan. Its growth continued through
the first six months this year, when the company recorded $ 22.2 million in
revenue, up from $ 19.4 million in the same period of 1997. It showed a profit
of $ 1.6 million from continuing operations in the first half of 1998, up from $
1.1 million in the same period a year earlier.

During its 23 years of operation, the firm has represented 1,100 clients,
including 24 among the Fortune 50. The firm plans to acquire more companies,
perhaps in the fields of health care, environment and tax issues, it said in the
filing.

Any acquisitions should be "sufficiently related to the company's markets to
enable the generation of cross-selling opportunities," the SEC filing said.

The firm noted that last month it decided to sell Powell Tate's New York
division and Pickholz Tweedy Cowan, another New York public relations firm, in
part because their clients were not similar to those of the company's Washington
base.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              294 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           September 3, 2013 Tuesday

'Sports in Florida is big business';
And professional teams' lobbyists are growing in numbers, influence

BYLINE: Matt Dixon

SECTION: Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 811 words


TALLAHASSEE | In a committee room packed with lobbyists mostly there for his
bill, state Rep. David Santiago, a freshman lawmaker, stood at the lectern
during a meeting of the House Economic Affairs Committee with one request.

"Please don't hurt a good bill," said the Daytona Beach Republican, his tone
marked with equal parts anxiety and anger.

The committee was considering an amendment that would place a proposal to give
the Jacksonville Jaguars a $60 million tax rebate over the next 30 years onto
his bill, which would have given a similar incentive package to the Daytona
International Speedway.

Santiago was convinced that the amendment, which passed on a 9-8 vote, would
kill his bill.

It's rare for a committee to force-feed an amendment to a reluctant bill
sponsor, but with hundreds of millions of dollars in sports incentives being
considered by lawmakers, and sports teams lobbying at abnormal levels, last
session was anything but normal.

During this year's second quarter, pro sports teams paid $150,000 in lobbying
fees, according to recently filed reports. That's up from $70,000 during the
same period in 2012, and $30,000 five years ago. The second quarter is often the
most lucrative for lobbyists because it includes the end of the legislative
session.

In addition, lobbyists registered for "sports teams and clubs" have increased
from 13 to 47 over the past five years.

"More and more teams are looking to lobbyists when they want to expand or
improve their facilities," said lobbyist Brian Ballard, president of Ballard
Partners.

His firm represents the baseball teams, the Toronto Blue Jays and Houston
Astros, and the speedway. Those clients collectively paid Ballard's firm an
estimated $85,000. Because the state requires firms to report only a range of
lobbying fees, exact numbers are not available.

The Blue Jays, which paid an estimated $60,000 in lobbying fees, are leading the
charge.

While bills carrying incentive packages for the Jaguars, Miami Dolphins, the
speedway, and soccer-stadium construction in Orlando all went down in flames,
lawmakers did sign off on a $50 million incentive package to help build a spring
training facility in Palm Beach Gardens. It will be shared by the Blue Jays and
Astros - the one sports-facility project funded by the Legislature was the one
backed by the most sports-lobbying dollars.

'A NO-BRAINER'

This year's session had a higher number of sports-related issues, but the
lobbying increase likely represents a new normal rather than a single-quarter
spike.

"It seems like a no-brainer to have constant dialogue at not only the local
level, but the state level," Jaguars President Mark Lamping said.

The team paid The Fiorentino Group and Southern Strategy Group $5,000 each.
Prior to billionaire Shad Khan becoming owner in January 2012, the team didn't
have Capitol lobbyists.

"It was always very obvious to me we needed to work with our public partners,"
Lamping said.

The Miami Dolphins, which declined comment for this story, was the team loudest
in defeat.

Stephen Ross, the team's billionaire owner, took a personal shot at House
Speaker Will Weatherford after an incentives package for the team failed on the
final day of the legislative session. It stalled after the Wesley Chapel
Republican would not bring it up for a vote.

"He gave me and many others his word  that this legislation would go to the
floor of the House for a vote, where I know, and he knows, we had the votes to
win by a margin as large as we did in the Senate," Ross said after the bill
failed.

The vocal reaction, some say, means that it might be harder to pass incentive
legislation next year.

"Some unfortunate comments were made by the Dolphins' owner, that makes it more
difficult for there to be movement on this," said state Sen. Rob Bradley,
R-Fleming Island, who sponsored the Jaguars' incentive legislation.

The increase in sports lobbying occurred in a session when Senate President Don
Gaetz, R-Niceville, publicly opposed giving incentives to sports teams. The
lobbying is unlikely to end. Gaetz expects a bill to be "filed and debated as it
was last year," Katie Betta, his spokeswoman, said in an email.

It's most likely that any legislation would require teams to apply to the
Department of Economic Opportunity. The department would recommend to the
Legislature which teams deserve the money.

That plan was floated as a compromise last session by state Sen. Andy Gardiner,
R-Orlando, when it became clear Senate leaders would not accept bills giving
incentives directly to teams.

"From the Senate position, we wanted to look at a process to vet more than what
we are just being told from the owners," said Gardiner, who will be Senate
President after Gaetz.

As long as the issue is on the table, teams will have a professional voice in
the Capitol.

"Sports in Florida is big business," Ballard said.

Matt Dixon: (352) 233-0777

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Florida Times-Union


                              295 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            August 6, 2008 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Lobbyists not excluded from parties' national conventions;
Five assume key roles organizing, raising funds

BYLINE: Matt Kelley and Fredreka Schouten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 812 words


WASHINGTON -- As vice chairman of the host committee for the Democratic
convention in Denver, Steve Farber is one of the key fundraisers for the $40.6
million in private money needed to stage the event -- a goal he says he expects
to reach this week.

At the Republican convention in St. Paul, Anthony Foti is director of external
affairs, handling relations with businesses, interest groups and politicians at
every level of government.

Both also work for lucrative lobbying firms in Washington. Farber is a founder
of the No. 15 firm, Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck. Foti is a lobbyist for Akin
Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld, which was the second-highest-grossing firm last year,
according to the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics.

Democrat Barack Obama and Republican John McCain have both criticized lobbyists'
influence in Washington and adopted policies that limit the roles of lobbyists
within their presidential campaigns. Nevertheless, five lobbyists -- three
Republicans and two Democrats -- are in key positions helping to organize and
raise money for the political parties' conventions this year.

'Not very transparent'

Unlike their campaigns, the candidates don't have complete control over the
party conventions, whose committees and staff were largely in place before the
party primaries were decided. Farber, for example, has been a member of the host
committee for more than two years, host committee spokesman Chris Lopez said in
an e-mail.

Lobbyists have been involved in such behind-the-scenes convention work for many
years to help build and cement connections with politicians, says James Thurber,
a political scientist at American University who teaches classes on lobbying.

"Does that matter? Yes, because it influences decision-making in Washington, and
it's not very transparent to the American public generally," Thurber says.

Farber and other lobbyists who are at work on the conventions don't see it that
way.

"I can't imagine anyone gaining influence through working on a political
convention," says Blake Hall, general counsel for the committee organizing the
Republican convention, which is Sept. 1-4. Hall is an Idaho lawyer who is
registered in Washington to lobby for one client, a contractor cleaning up toxic
and radioactive waste at the Energy Department's Idaho National Laboratory.

Farber, a Denver lawyer, says he hasn't met anyone through his convention work
whom he would contact as a lobbyist.

"There has been no overlap for me whatsoever between my work for the host
committee and my lobbying work," Farber says. He added that he let his lobbying
registration lapse last month because he did very little lobbying.

Brownstein Hyatt also is taking a prominent role at the Democratic convention,
which begins Aug. 25 at the Pepsi Center and ends Aug. 28 at Invesco Field at
Mile High. Farber's firm is one of the convention's sponsors, as are eight of
its lobbying clients, including Comcast, which pledged $5 million.

Farber says his firm also is hosting a convention-eve party and receptions on
each day of the convention with guests including New Mexico Gov. Bill
Richardson, a former Democratic presidential hopeful. The pre-convention event
is at the Denver Art Museum, another one of the firm's lobbying clients.

'It doesn't hurt'

"Does it not help the firm? It doesn't hurt the firm," Farber said of the
pre-convention party. "Are we doing it for that purpose? No."

Foti is on leave from his lobbying job, where his recent clients have included
AT&T, American Electric Power and the Nasdaq stock exchange. Republican
convention spokeswoman Joanna Burgos said Foti was not available for an
interview.

Besides Farber, Foti and Hall, lobbyists involved in the political conventions
include:

*Mike Dino, the CEO of the Democratic convention host committee, who manages the
committee's fundraising and contracting for the convention. Dino works in the
Denver office of Patton Boggs, the top-grossing Washington lobbying firm in
2007. Dino's Washington lobbying clients this year include the Colorado cities
of Fort Collins and Arvada and the Denver Regional Transportation District.
Lopez responded to requests for comment from Dino with an e-mailed statement.
"Our local host committee members and objectives are solely focused on our local
responsibility and not the business of Washington," the statement said.

*Bob Kjellander, vice chairman of the Republican convention's organizing
committee. Kjellander is a lobbyist in the Illinois capital of Springfield whose
Washington clients last year included PartyGaming,  a Gibraltar-based operator
of gambling websites. Congress in 2006 passed a law banning U.S. credit card
companies from making payments to such gambling sites. Kjellander did not return
messages seeking comment.

The Price of Power is an ongoing series tracking the role of money and business
interests in the political process

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Kevin Moloney for USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       MAY 2, 2004 Sunday CITY-D EDITION

Gaming firms put a lot on table to lobby

BYLINE: John Sullivan INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 600 words

DATELINE: HARRISBURG


A large campaign donation is one way to gain access to lawmakers.

Another is to hire a lobbyist.

Gambling companies spent at least $1.9 million last year trying to persuade
state senators to legalize slot machines in Pennsylvania, according to Senate
records.

The money has poured in to lobbyists from sources such as state racetrack
owners, who spent the most on lobbying, and Las Vegas-based companies. Magna
Entertainment Corp., which owns the Meadows racetrack near Pittsburgh, spent
nearly $339,000 last year - more than any other company.

Pennsylvania's proposed bill to legalize slot-machine gambling would allow up to
3,000 slot machines at eight racetracks, including some not yet constructed.

But the nearly $2 million in lobbying fees recorded by the Senate secretary's
office is not the full amount spent to influence legislation in Harrisburg.

The state has been without a lobbying disclosure law since May 2000, when the
Commonwealth Court struck down the law - saying it interfered with the state
Supreme Court's role in regulating lawyers who act as lobbyists.

Anticipating a push for gambling, Senate leaders enacted a rule that requires
lobbyists to disclose what they spend trying to influence legislation in the
Senate. All expenses related to lobbying, such as salaries, entertainment and
advertising, that exceed a minimum threshold must be reported.

"The Senate did not want to go through debates on gambling and other issues
without some type of disclosure," said Drew Crompton, legal counsel to Senate
President Pre Tempore Robert Jubelirer (R., Blair). "If things such as gifts,
entertainment and lodging go unreported, the public will become skeptical."

But the House and Gov. Rendell do not demand a public accounting of lobbying
expenses.

The harm, experts say, is that the public does not know how much influence
companies are exerting in Harrisburg.

"If the public sees enormous amounts of resources flowing from an industry, it
gives them an opportunity to get active and argue their perspective," said Barry
Kauffman of Common Cause Pennsylvania, a nonprofit government watchdog.

Since the state's law was overturned, watchdog groups have criticized the state.
One group, the Center for Public Integrity in Washington, gave the state a
"zero" in its national report card on disclosure.

Legislative leaders and Kauffman said a bill is being drafted that would mirror
the law that was overturned. Shortly after the lower court ruling, the state
Supreme Court said lawyers who lobby should be required to disclose expenses.

But full disclosure may come too late for the debate on gambling. A gambling
bill is expected to pass this summer - before the lobbying bill - meaning
taxpayers may never know how much the industry spent influencing gambling
policy.

Gambling interests and their lobbyists won key provisions in versions of
gambling bills that passed last year in the House and Senate. Among them was the
elimination of a license transfer fee, the right to stay open 24 hours a day,
and a provision to provide free liquor to gamblers.

Contact staff writer John Sullivan at 717-787-5934 or
johnsullivan@phillynews.com.

Lobbying Fees

The gambling companies that spent the most on lobbying the Pennsylvania Senate
last year:

Magna Entertainment Corp., racetrack owner. . . $338,844

Penn National Gaming Inc., racetrack owner. . . 251,275

Pittsburgh Palisades Park, racetrack applicant. . . 172,322

International Game Tech., slot machine maker. . . 161,607

Boyd Gaming Corp., casino company. . . 134,198

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHART;
Lobbying Fees (SOURCE: Secretary of the Pennsylvania Senate)

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            June 18, 2008 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Verizon Names Regional Leader

BYLINE: RICHARD MULLINS, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 437 words


TELECOM RECONFIGURES ITS SOUTHEAST REGION

By RICHARD MULLINS

The Tampa Tribune

TAMPA - Verizon Communications Inc. named a new leader for Verizon's lobbying
and public affairs in Florida on Tuesday, amid a broad reshuffling of regional
chiefs in the United States.

Michelle Robinson, who heads Verizon in Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi and Tennessee, will lead a newly reconfigured Southeast region,
which will include Florida, South Carolina, North Carolina, Alabama and Georgia.

Verizon splits the top posts in regional areas, with one person leading daily
operations of the phone company, and another for public affairs and lobbying. As
president for the Southeast region, Robinson will lead Verizon's public affairs
and lobbying work. Suri Surinder remains senior vice president and general
manager of the Southeast region, a post he was named to in August. Within
Verizon, his post is considered a peer of Robinson's new role.

Robinson, who turned 40 last month, lived in Tampa earlier in her career and
said "Verizon has the best employees and offers the best products in the
Southeast market. I'm eager to get started."

She takes over as Verizon faces scrutiny by the Florida attorney general over
lapses of Verizon's phone service quality, a probe that Robinson said is
unwarranted and the company expects to fight.

Alan Ciampocero, who turned 60 in March and had the Southeast Region president
post for five years, will retire after 20 years in telecommunications, including
10 at Verizon.

Ciampocero had led Verizon's public drive in Florida to add cable TV to its
lineup of telephone and broadband Internet service, offered through a massive
new fiber optic network to nearly every home and business in the region.

During that time, a string of local governments awarded Verizon cable TV
franchises, and the state of Florida revamped its cable TV rules to give Verizon
and other companies more leeway to compete with traditional cable TV companies
such as Bright House Networks.

"I've been planning this retirement for some time, and I have a daughter
graduating high school and it's just a good time," Ciampocero said. "Like the TV
commercial says, I want to go do the things I want to do while I can still do
them."

Ciampocero said he is building a house in the Colorado mountains and is writing
suspense novels that he hopes to publish soon.

The executive changes are effective July 25.

Reporter Richard Mullins can be reached at rmullins@tampatrib.com or (813)
259-7919.

Photo: Michelle Robinson

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              298 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 11, 2000, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Philip Morris Fined and a Lobbyist Is Barred Over Violations of Ethics Rules

BYLINE: By PAUL ZIELBAUER

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 485 words

DATELINE: HARTFORD, April 10


Five months after New York State fined Philip Morris and imposed a three-year
ban against its chief Albany lobbyist for violating the state's lobbying laws,
Connecticut's Ethics Commission announced today that it had taken similar action
against the same tobacco company and lobbyist.

Under an agreement signed last Wednesday by Philip Morris and its lobbyist,
Sharon T. Portnoy, the company agreed to pay a $20,000 penalty, and Ms. Portnoy
was to pay $4,000 and abide by a one-year ban from lobbying Connecticut
lawmakers. Ms. Portnoy is the first lobbyist in Connecticut to be banned for
violating the state's comparatively strict ethical guidelines.

In November, after an investigation by New York's state ethics commission,
Philip Morris paid the state a $75,000 fine, and Ms. Portnoy paid a $15,000 fine
and was barred from lobbying in Albany for three years.

Connecticut's penalty against Philip Morris was imposed primarily because the
company failed to properly itemize and fully report money it paid to Ms. Portnoy
and its top Connecticut lobbyists, Clem Roy and Craig LeRoy, a high-level aide
to Gov. John G. Rowland from 1997 to 1999. The company has said its violations
were not intentional.

Ms. Portnoy's punishment was primarily for falsifying the amount she spent on
five meals for three Connecticut lawmakers during out-of-state conferences in
Philadelphia, Honolulu and San Antonio in 1997 and 1998, said Brenda M.
Bergeron, an Ethics Commission lawyer.

None of the three lawmakers violated any state lobbying laws, though Ms. Portnoy
misled them about how much their meals cost, state officials said.

In 1997, for example, Ms. Portnoy reported paying $122 for two dinners she
bought for state Representative Hector A. Diaz, a Democrat from Bridgeport, at
Deux Cheminees, a restaurant in Philadelphia, and Bali by the Sea, in Hawaii.
But the two meals actually cost $186.06, in excess of the $150 annual limit the
state allowed lobbyists to spend on lawmakers in 1997, Ms. Bergeron said.

Similarly, in 1998, Ms. Portnoy reported paying $72.37 for a meal for
Representative Minnie Gonzalez, a Democrat from Hartford, at Mansion del Rio, a
restaurant in San Antonio, even though the bill was actually $84.43. That same
year, Ms. Portnoy reported paying $145.57 for two meals for Representative John
S. Martinez, a Democrat from New Haven, even though both cost $185.09.

In 1998, the state lowered the annual amount a lawmaker can accept in meals from
lobbyists to $50 from $150, and Representatives Gonzalez and Martinez paid back
the amount Ms. Portnoy told them they owed, Ms. Bergeron said, to stay under
those limits.

Alan S. Plofsky, the Ethics Commission's executive director, said Ms. Portnoy
was not aware that she was violating the law. "She apparently didn't even know
what the law was in Connecticut," he said. "She paid little or no attention to
our laws."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              299 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

The Anti-Label Lobby

LENGTH: 760  words

DATELINE: Berkeley


Earth Island Institute has issued the following news release:

Industry lobbying boils over in bid to block labeling of genetically engineered
food

Copyright © Environmental Working Group, www.ewg.org. Reprinted with permission.

Companies and organizations opposed to labeling foods that contain genetically
engineered ingredients disclosed $9 million in lobbying expenditures that made
reference to GE labeling in the first quarter of 2014 - nearly as much as they
spent in all of 2013.

The burst of lobbying by food and biotechnology companies was partly designed to
muster Congressional support for legislation that would block states from
requiring GE labeling on food packages. That bill, dubbed the Deny Americans the
Right to Know (DARK) Act by advocates of GE labeling, was introduced on April 9
by Rep. Mike Pompeo (R-Kan.).

In May, Vermont became the first state to enact legislation to require GE
labeling, although industry has filed suit in an effort to block it. Connecticut
and Maine have passed GE labeling laws that would go into effect if other
northeastern states pass similar legislation.

Oregon and Colorado voters will consider GE labeling ballot initiatives this
fall, and labeling bills have been introduced in 30 other states in 2013 and
2014.

Food and biotechnology companies and organizations disclosed $9.3 million in
lobbying expenditures in 2013 that made reference to GE labeling and $9 million
in the first quarter of 2014 alone. The forms cite lobbying on GE labeling as
well as other policy issues.

In particular, the Grocery Manufacturers Association disclosed $1.2 million in
lobbying expenditures that made reference to GE labeling in the first quarter of
2014. The Association's member organizations separately disclosed another $4.3
million in lobbying expenditures that made reference to GE labeling in the first
quarter, including $3.9 million by beverage giants Coca-Cola and Pepsi.

Food industry lobbying in Congress dwarfed that of supporters of GE labeling,
who disclosed $1.6 million in lobbying expenditures that made reference to GE
labeling in 2013 and just over $400,000 in the first quarter of this year - just
one-eighth as much as the opponents. Advocates of GE labeling are supporting
legislation introduced by Rep. Peter DeFazio (D-Ore.) and Sen. Barbara Boxer
(D-Calif.) that would require GE labeling nationwide.

Several companies that produce genetically engineered seeds and herbicides -
including Monsanto, Syngenta and Dow AgroSciences - did not report lobbying
specifically on either piece of legislation on their 2013 disclosure forms or in
the first quarter of 2014. Instead, their reports cited general advocacy on
"biotechnology and biotech product issues," "biotech innovation and regulation"
and "biotechnology acceptance." This language could easily include GE labeling,
but that wouldn't be obvious to the general public.

Lobbying expenditures for the second quarter of 2014 were due Monday (July 21),
and the new data will be available by the end of July.

Food and biotechnology companies' political action committees also reported
giving $221,345 in campaign contributions to Pompeo and 22 of the 26 members of
Congress who co-sponsored the DARK Act (as of July 9). Eight of them, including
Pompeo, serve on the House Energy and Commerce Committee, which has jurisdiction
over GE labeling.

Pompeo was the second-largest recipient of these campaign contributions, and
Monsanto's own PAC was the most generous PAC contributor.

In addition to disclosing $18.4 million in lobbying expenditures that made
reference to GE labeling in 2013 and the first quarter of 2014, GE labeling
opponents spent $67.9 million to defeat ballot initiatives in California and
Washington. EWG did not tally funds expended to lobby state legislatures.

The DARK Act would block any state from requiring GE labels on packaged foods.
In addition, it would also allow foods containing genetically engineered
ingredients to be labeled as "natural" and limit the Food and Drug
Administration's ability to mandate GE labeling nationally.

Instead, the DARK Act would codify existing FDA rules that permit voluntary GE
and non-GE labels. To date, no food manufacturer has voluntarily disclosed the
presence of GE ingredients in its products.

Americans overwhelmingly support the right to know whether there are genetically
engineered ingredients in their food, and recent polls in Oregon and Colorado
found that more than three-quarters of voters in those states feel the same way.

For more information please visit: http://www.earthisland.org

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             April 20, 2007 Friday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

Judge allows subpoena in probe of ex-attorney general's firm

BYLINE: By Tom Precious - NEWS ALBANY BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 349 words


ALBANY -- A state judge has denied an attempt to quash a subpoena issued by a
state lobbying oversight agency that is investigating the activities of a
lobbying firm led by former state Attorney General Dennis Vacco.

Investigators from the state lobbying commission this week recommended $325,000
in fines against the firm over allegations that it entered into an illegal
contingency-fee arrangement with a Rochester businessman seeking to build
casinos with an Oklahoma Indian tribe.

Vacco's firm has denied the charges and said its work never constituted lobbying
under New York law at the time.

A lawyer representing Vacco's firm, Crane & Vacco, last month went to court to
try to block a subpoena issued by the lobbying agency to James Crane, who is
married to Constance Crane, Vacco's lobbying partner. James Crane, an Albany
lawyer who does legal representation for the lobbying firm, alleged in court
papers that David Grandeau, the executive director of the lobbying commission,
has a personal vendetta against him stemming from several incidents over the
years.

But State Supreme Court Justice Joseph Teresi ruled that the subpoena is valid.
Teresi said that although the personal vendetta accusations are "suspect," they
are "irrelevant to the issue of whether or not the subpoena is enforceable"
because the commission may proceed with its probe so long as the material being
sought is relevant to its investigation.

A year ago, the Albany County district attorney, acting on a referral from the
lobbying commission, cleared the Vacco firm of any wrongdoing in the matter,
saying there was no contingency fee arrangement.

The Vacco firm said Wednesday it complained about Grandeau's "misconduct" a year
ago to members of the lobbying commission and the attorney general's office, but
never received any replies for its calls for an investigation of Grandeau. It
said Grandeau's move, approved Tuesday by the lobbying board, to hold a hearing
in June on the civil charges against the lobbying firm "is nothing more than
another attempt to impugn our reputation."

e-mail: tprecious@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                              March 3, 2014 Monday

Lobbying should be legalized

BYLINE: By Jay Kim

LENGTH: 737 words


There is a famous hotel in Washington, D.C., called the 'Willard Hotel.' The
hotel is more than 160 years old, but its interior is always maintained so well
that it looks as if it were built recently. It is a historic hotel that has kept
its 19th-century style of architecture, while maintaining a 4.5 star rating at
the same time.

The hotel is the nearest hotel to the White House, but it is above all famous
for originating the word 'lobbyist.' In the hotel's lobby, people in suits
always have serious discussions, and one can quite often find a famous
politician in a private meeting with someone. As such people always gathered in
the lobby, people began to call them 'lobbyists' or 'power brokers.'

As of 2007, there were 15,000 registered lobbyists in Washington, D.C. But,
nowadays the number has been reduced to about 11,000, as demand has diminished.
The reason is that the regulations on lobbying have become more and more
complicated since the Lobbying Disclosure Act was passed by Congress in 1995.
For example, according to the law, lobbyists have to submit detailed reports to
congressional clerks by the 21st of every third month, as well as an annual
year-end report, which should contain the details of their expenditure,
including gifts and travel costs, and especially fundraising dinners.

The real reason for the diminishing demand for lobbyists is that many law firms
in Washington, D.C. have been buying small lobbying firms through mergers and
acquisitions, maybe because they think that lobbying makes easier money. I heard
that some big law firms have hundreds of lobbyists. Another reason for the
disappearance of small lobbying firms is that a growing number of special
interest groups, such as the American Association of Retired Persons (AARP),
tend to meet the members of Congress directly to lobby privately. There was a
report from Reuters that the current number of lobbyists is at least above
100,000 if one counts these people as lobbyists. In other words, there are 25
lobbyists for each House Representative.

I was once the mayor of Diamond Bar, a city in Los Angeles County. Though the
city was one of the richest in the county, it could not afford to hire its own
lobbyists. Thus, the city hired a small lobbying firm jointly with other nearby
cities and shared the costs with them. It did so because, at the time, it was
difficult for a city located on the west coast of the U.S. to know properly in
time what kinds of laws were being passed in Congress and what kinds of things
were happening in Washington.

The job of the lobbyists was to inform the city quickly about a bill to be
submitted by some Congressmen, if it was related to the interests of the city,
such as who was sponsoring the bill, when it would be submitted, what kinds of
effects it would have on the city, and also to work together on ways to respond
to the bill in case it had a negative effect on the city. Sometimes, they acted
as an intermediary for getting the funding for the necessary projects of the
city, when the city could not send its people to Washington, and they also
regularly gave information on current weekly events in the political sphere of
Washington, especially on issues related with local governments.

Lobbying is illegal in Korea. Any kind of lobbying is treated as a crime, and
many people have gone to jail for involvement in it. On the other hand, there
are also many people who lobby legally or discretely. For example, if a high
government official who is not an attorney is hired as a high-wage advisor by a
big law firm after retirement, what the person does in the firm is, strictly
speaking, lobbying.

When big corporations hire former ministers and vice ministers as advisors, it
appears that the corporations have clear intentions to use the networks of those
retired government officials for business connections. These people are
lobbyists in reality, even though they are not legally. Even to correct this
situation, I think, lobbying has to be legalized as it is in the U.S. I am
talking about an American lobbyist system where lobbyists are registered, and
lobbying is taxed and strictly monitored by the government. Lobbying happens
anyway in reality, so I think they should legalize it under a proper system.

Jay Kim is a former U.S. congressman. He serves as chairman of the Kim Chang
Joon U.S.-Korea Foundation. For more information, visit Kim's website at
www.jayckim.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 11, 2016 Thursday

Rhode Island: AN ACT RELATING TO GENERAL ASSEMBLY -- LOBBYING (Repeals chapter
10 of title 22, lobbying, and chapter 139 of title 42, executive branch and
public corporation lobbying, and would enact the Rhode Island lobbying reform
act.)

LENGTH: 88  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Providence: Office of Legislative Information, The state of Rhode Island has
issued the following Bill Status in Senate:



   AN ACT RELATING TO GENERAL ASSEMBLY -- LOBBYING (Repeals chapter 10 of title
22, lobbying, and chapter 139 of title 42, executive branch and public
corporation lobbying, and would enact the Rhode Island lobbying reform act.)

 {LC4249/1}

 2/10/2016 Introduced, referred to Senate Judiciary



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com




LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                          December 15, 2004 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

QUINN WILL JOIN D.C. LOBBYING FIRM;
CASSIDY ASSOCIATES GIVES HIM NO. 3 POST

BYLINE: By Douglas Turner - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 514 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rep. Jack F. Quinn Jr. will land one of the top lobbying jobs in the capital
after his retirement at the end of this year -- as president of Cassidy
Associates, a gold-plated Washington lobbying firm whose clients include Major
League Baseball, Saudi Arabia, Boeing, D'Youville College and 175 other
entities.

Industry sources said Tuesday that Republican Quinn, a one-time teacher from
Hamburg who went to Congress 12 years ago, will make upwards of $500,000 a year
to start, in addition to stock and other fringe benefits. Quinn's pay as a
congressman is $158,100.

The second in command at Cassidy, a historically Democratic lobbying house in
what has become a Republican town, is former Rep. Marty Russo, a member of the
Chicago Democratic organization.

Quinn will rank third there and will be the firm's only former elected federal
official who is a Republican. Kaleida Health Systems of Buffalo is among dozens
of health care organizations represented by Cassidy.

The firm also includes as clients 43 colleges and universities. Other major
clients include Johnson & Johnson, Estee Lauder, Mitsubishi and T-Mobile.

The firm has 52 principal lobbyists, including a former commandant of the Marine
Corps, Gen. Paul X. Kelly.

Rep. Thomas M. Reynolds, R-Clarence, said that Quinn called him Tuesday to tell
him of his decision and that Quinn's wife, Mary Beth, has given notice she is
quitting her job with the New York State Health Department.

"It's a nice fit for Jack Quinn and for Cassidy," said Reynolds, chairman of the
National Republican Congressional Committee. Reynolds' apparent blessing on the
arrangement can translate into a promising future for Quinn on Capitol Hill and
at the White House.

Since 1998, House Republican leaders, particularly House Majority Leader Tom
DeLay of Texas, made it known they wanted the lobbying community to give its
best jobs to former GOP officials.

Reynolds said he thinks that Cassidy had an interest in getting Quinn to work
there since Quinn announced his retirement last April.

Quinn's decision removes him for the present as a possible candidate for Erie
County executive or New York governor or U.S., senator.

"If Jack is as smart as I know he is," Reynolds said, "he will never rule out
anything. But for the time being, I think he will be concentrating on building
his relationships in Washington."

Quinn said that in addition to telling Reynolds, he has contacted the offices of
other House GOP leaders, including DeLay and Speaker J. Dennis Hastert of
Illinois.

As for running for county executive in 2007, Quinn said, "It's highly unlikely I
would return (to Buffalo to run) for that position."

He also said his running for governor or U.S. senator in 2006 is "very
unlikely."

Quinn is keeping his Hamburg home. "We'll never sell it," he said. "Our friends
and our family are there, and we'll be back there a couple of times a month."
The Quinns' residence in the Washington area will be a condominium they bought
in Old Town Alexandria, Va., five years ago.

Bureau Assistant Anna L. Miller contributed to this report.

e-mail: dturner@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: December 16, 2004



CORRECTION: In an article about Rep. Jack Quinn, R-Hamburg, becoming a
Washington lobbyist next year, his wife's name was incorrect. Her name is Mary
Beth Quinn.

GRAPHIC: Jack F. Quinn Jr.'s pay as a Washington lobbyist will be upwards of
$500,000 a year.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 The Buffalo News


                              304 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 4, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

MARYLAND BRIEFING

SECTION: Metro; B05

LENGTH: 601 words


STATE GOVERNMENT

The government watchdog group Common Cause Maryland has asked the State Ethics
Commission to look into the activities of David Hamilton, Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich
Jr.'s personal attorney, to see whether he is violating state lobbying laws.

"It appears that Mr. Hamilton has not registered with the State Ethics
Commission as a lobbyist, in spite of engaging in lobbying activities in his
representation of clients before government officials," Bobbie Walton, executive
director of Common Cause Maryland, said in a letter to the commission.

Hamilton did not immediately return messages left at his law office. He has said
in the past that he represents his clients as a lawyer and that his activities
do not constitute lobbying, which he said is done on the behalf of his clients
by William Pitcher, a registered lobbyist.

In May, Hamilton told The Washington Post: "I know exactly where that line is,
and I am very careful not to cross it. I do lawyering, not lobbying."

But Walton said Hamilton's contacts with government officials appear to cross
the line into lobbying.

--  Associated Press

ROCKVILLE FIRE

More than 300 people were evacuated from a Rockville apartment complex early
yesterday after a fire left them without electrical power, a Montgomery County
fire department spokeswoman said.

Residents of the Forest Apartments, at 2012 Old Baltimore Rd., were told to
leave shortly after midnight, the spokeswoman said. The garden-style complex of
168 units had been without power since a fire broke out in the electrical
utility room about 9:20 p.m. Sunday.

Public safety officials were concerned that electrically powered smoke detectors
would not work and that the hot, muggy weather and lack of light and air
conditioning could put residents of the complex at risk.

Evacuees who did not relocate to the homes of friends or relatives were taken by
bus to nearby Rockville High School, where the Red Cross set up a makeshift
shelter, officials said.

No one was injured, and the cause of the fire was under investigation.

--  Debbi Wilgoren

CRIME

A 22-year-old Annapolis resident was fatally shot early Sunday in the city's
sixth homicide of the year.

James Maurice Coates of the 1900 block of Copeland Street was found shortly
after midnight in the Robinwood neighborhood with gunshot wounds in the torso,
police said.

--  Eric Rich

One man was killed and another wounded in a shooting yesterday morning at Upshur
and 37th streets in the Brentwood area of Prince George's County.

About 12:30 a.m., Prince George's police found a 17-year-old with gunshot wounds
lying in the street at that location. Later in the morning, they found a second
victim, Frederick Morse, at Providence Hospital in the District.

Morse, 29, of the 1100 block of Summit Street NE in Washington, died at the
hospital after being dropped off by a friend, police said.

Investigators said Morse and the other victim knew each other. A previous
altercation might have led to the shooting, police said, but they did not know
the motive.

A Crownsville teenager has agreed to plead guilty to criminally negligent
homicide for crashing into a woman while snowboarding at Jackson Hole Mountain
Resort, attorneys in the case say.

Greg Doda, 18, crashed into Heather Donahue, 29, of Shrewsbury, Mass., while
snowboarding down Laramie Bowl on Feb. 24, 2005, according to court documents.

Doda's planned guilty plea, announced Friday, will avoid a trial that was set to
begin next month, according to defense attorney Robert Horn and Teton County
Attorney Steve Weichman.

--  Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              305 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 25, 1997, Thursday, Final Edition

Charlie's Angels

Bill McAllister, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A25; THE FEDERAL PAGE; SPECIAL INTERESTS: LOBBYING
WASHINGTON

LENGTH: 852 words


A number of former lawmakers are playing Santa Claus this season, delivering
holiday cheer in terms of lucrative new clients to their lobbying firms.

Former representative Charles Wilson (D-Tex.), who left the Hill early to become
a partner at the lobby shop of Hooper, Hooper, Owen & Gould, has signed up his
first lobbying clients, two of them foreign. "I've been legal since October
9th," said the lanky, 12-term lawmaker, referring to the one-year ban on
lobbying and his resignation from the House a year earlier.

"I like it," Wilson said of his new career. While enduring the one-year ban,
Wilson was a "strategic adviser," letting others do the buttonholing of
lawmakers. But now that he's "legal," Wilson says he expects to be more active
on Capitol Hill where he was a senior member of the House Appropriations defense
subcommittee and was renown as the party-loving "Goodtime Charlie."

Wilson's lobbying prizes: aerospace giant Lockheed Martin; scientific
instruments maker Latona Associates Inc. of Hampton, N.H.; IMI Services USA, a
sales arm of Israeli Military Industries Ltd.; and the Shipston Group Ltd. of
the Bahamas. Wilson describes the latter as an international entrepreneurial
firm that has ownership positions in American companies and opposes legislation
to impose unilateral sanctions on U.S. investments in countries regarded as
hostile.

Former senator Birch Bayh's Bayh, Connaughton & Stewart has signed up
Cincinnati-based Cinergy Corp., an electric utility holding company. "There are
not many utilities that are regulated by PUHCA [Public Utility Holding Company
Act] and most of them want it repealed," said partner Thomas A. Connaughton.
Cinergy's hope is that PUHCA will be swept away next year in further utility
deregulation.

And former senator Steve Symms (R-Idaho) has signed up Utah-based Amalgamated
Sugar, one of the biggest sugar beet producers in the West, for his
Alexandria-based Symms, Lehn & Associates.

Three for Three

Timmons and Co., which pioneered the concept of having a limited number of
lobbying clients and charging a flat -- though pricey -- annual fee, has added
three clients and dropped three others. Vice president William H. Cable said
that some of the clients had issues that "were going away" and that allowed the
firm to add the Asbestos Legislative Group, Micron Technology Inc. and the
American Financial Services Association to his list of 18 clients.

Major asbestos manufacturers are seeking legislation to resolve some of
industry's big liability issues, Cable said. Micron Technology is a
semiconductor firm and American Financial Services is pushing bankruptcy
legislation.

The $ 1 Million Visa

A Northern Virginia investment firm is attempting to save a provision of the
1990 Immigration Act that allows up to 10,000 foreign citizens willing to plunk
down $ 1 million in a U.S. job-creating enterprise to gain an "employment
creation" visa to the United States.

Lobbyist Ira H. Dorfman says some members of Congress are having doubts about
whether the program is working. Enter InterBank Capital Inc., a Herndon-based
investment banking company. One of its clients likes the program and wants to
see it continued, Dorfman says.

So InterBank hired Dorfman & O'Neal Inc. to make its case with Congress. "The
proof is in the pudding," Dorfman said, citing an InterBank announcement last
week that it has created telemarketing operations in two West Virginia towns
under the act. Dorfman said that could result in upwards of 300 jobs in
Bluefield and Welch.

If the jobs are created in "targetted employment areas," regions where
unemployment is 150 percent higher than the national average, the visas are
cheaper. Foreigners need only invest $ 500,000 in these areas.

Legix Co. for Native American Issues

Catherine Baker Stetson of Albuquerque, a former law partner of new Bureau of
Indian Affairs director Kevin Gover, has set up Legix Co. to handle the lobbying
she does for Native American groups, currently the Yavapai-Apache Indian Nation
of Arizona and the Pueblo of Tesuque, New Mexico.

The Revolving Door

Jonathan F. Hymes, chief of staff to Rep. Peter T. King (R-N.Y.), has joined
Comsat Corp. as director of congressional relations.

Washington lawyer Daniel Guttman, formerly a member of the U.S. Occupational
Safety and Health Review Commission, is lobbying on behalf of an old client, the
Oil, Chemical & Atomic Workers International Union, on nuclear weapons site
cleanup issues.

Sparring Partners

Ann Klee and Michael Evans, two former members of the D.C. office of Seattle's
Preston Gates Ellis & Rouvelas Meeds, are holding opposite jobs on the Senate
Environment and Public Works Committee. Klee was recently named majority chief
counsel and Evans is minority chief counsel.

Both are former chairs of Preston Gates's environmental practice group in
Washington. As for their prospects of collegiality on the Hill, Preston Gates
notes that they "worked closely with each other when they were with the firm."

Bill McAllister's e-mail address is mcallisterwashpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              306 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 28, 2000, Friday, Late Edition - Final

METRO NEWS BRIEFS: NEW YORK;
Tobacco Lobbyists Spent $1.8 Million, Group Says

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 8; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 113 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


Tobacco interests spent $1.8 million in New York on lobbying expenses and
political contributions last year, antismoking groups said yesterday.

The Coalition for a Healthy New York said tobacco companies and interest groups
spent $145,000 in campaign contributions in 1999. Most of the money went to
campaign committees for State Senate Democrats and Republicans and State
Assembly Republicans.

Philip Morris topped the list with the most spending, with $816,000 spent on
lobbying costs and $86,000 on campaign contributions. Last year, the company was
fined $75,000 and saw its chief Albany lobbyist banned from working in New York
for violating lobbying laws.



http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              307 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 28, 1999, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

State Queries Tobacco Giant Over Lobbying

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B;  Page 1;  Column 5;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 820 words


New York State regulators opened an investigation yesterday to determine whether
Philip Morris, the world's largest cigarette maker, drastically understated what
its lobbyists spent on gifts for state lawmakers.

The regulators acted as Gov. George E. Pataki indicated for the first time that
he thought the current lobbying law was ineffective and should be overhauled.
But Mr. Pataki declined to say how he would change it. Nor was it clear if he
would push the Legislature to impose new reporting requirements for lobbyists
and to increase enforcement of the lobbying law.

The law, which dates to the 1970's, is scheduled to expire at the end of the
year, and legislative leaders are moving to renew it as is, possibly as early as
next week.

The regulators and the Governor were responding to an article in The New York
Times yesterday that reported that Philip Morris had spent tens of thousands of
dollars in recent years on gifts for lawmakers as part of its successful
lobbying to beat back anti-smoking measures in Albany, according to internal
company documents.

At least 115 current and former members in the 211-person Legislature accepted
the gifts, which ranged from meals at fine restaurants to choice tickets for the
United States Open tennis tournament and other sporting and cultural events.

The documents, which were gleaned from court records in lawsuits filed against
Philip Morris, provide an unusual glimpse of the efforts of a major corporation
to cultivate ties to lawmakers out of public view. Some of the gifts would be
illegal in other states and in Congress, which have more restrictions than New
York.

It appears that on numerous occasions, the company did not detail the gifts on
its mandatory lobbying reports. In the first half of 1996, for example, Philip
Morris's chief lobbyist in Albany, Sharon T. Portnoy, treated more than 60
lawmakers and their aides to more than $12,000 in meals, but few of those were
publicly disclosed.

A state agency, the Temporary State Commission on Lobbying, began its inquiry
yesterday by sending a letter to Philip Morris asking for more information on
the company's lobbying. David M. Grandeau, the agency's executive director,
confirmed the inquiry, but declined to comment further.

A spokeswoman for Philip Morris, Mary Carnovale, said the company had not yet
been notified about the inquiry. Ms. Carnovale said the company's lobbying and
political activities in New York were in full compliance with the law.

Asked about the purpose of the gifts, she said: "It's certainly participating in
the democratic process. I guess I wouldn't really want to characterize them more
specifically than that."

The lobbying commission's inquiry into Philip Morris's activities is its second
concerning the tobacco industry in less than a year. Last December, the Tobacco
Institute, the industry trade group, settled a commission complaint by
acknowledging that it underreported its lobbying expenses by nearly $450,000 in
1995.

The group was not punished, though, because under the relatively lenient state
lobbying law, lobbyists or clients who admit violating the disclosure
requirements and amend their reports are not fined.

Such rules have led some advocacy groups to demand that the law be toughened,
and Mr. Pataki's spokeswoman suggested yesterday that he would support such a
move.

"The Governor believes that there needs to be reform," said the spokeswoman,
Zenia Mucha. "He believes that we should work with the Legislature to try to
bring about reform."

Ms. Mucha declined to say which provisions in the law the Governor would change.
Nor would she criticize lawmakers for accepting the gifts. (Mr. Pataki, who was
an Assemblyman and State Senator before he became Governor in 1995, is listed as
having been treated to a $68 meal by Philip Morris in 1993.)

Legislative leaders, nearly all of whom accepted gifts from Philip Morris, said
there was nothing inappropriate about them. They said they were not adverse to
examining proposals for modifying the lobbying law, though they themselves have
not issued any.

"The Speaker would advocate for enhanced disclosure," said Patricia Lynch, a
spokeswoman for the Assembly Speaker, Sheldon Silver, a Manhattan Democrat.

Marcia White, a spokeswoman for the Senate majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno, an
upstate Republican, said the meals that lobbyists buy for lawmakers are not
extravagant.

"No New York State representative can be purchased for a $75 price tag," Ms.
White said.

But one rebel lawmaker who has crusaded to stiffen the lobbying and ethics laws,
Assemblyman Alexander B. Grannis, expressed disgust over the leaders' comments
about the gifts.

"This casts a pall over us," said Mr. Grannis, a Manhattan Democrat. "I don't
see how they can resist the pressures now from all the good government groups to
at least do something meaningful on lobbying reform."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              308 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     March 28, 2000, Tuesday, Home Edition

Georgia in first draw for low-power FM stations

BYLINE: Bill Husted, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Business; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 496 words

By the luck of the draw Monday, Georgia became one of the first states where
schools, churches and other community groups will be able to apply for FCC
licenses to operate noncommercial, low-powered FM radio stations.

But efforts are already under way by broadcasters to block the creation of those
stations.

On Monday, a drawing at the FCC determined that the first applications will be
accepted from groups in Alaska, California, District of Columbia, Georgia,
Indiana, Louisiana, Maine, Mariana Islands, Maryland, Oklahoma, Rhode Island and
Utah. Applications cannot be made until May and the first stations could be
selected by August.

The creation of the free community radio station licenses has drawn strong
opposition from the National Association of Broadcasters and from public
broadcasters. The broadcasters' group is lobbying Congress for a bill to block
the new stations and has already won support from a House panel. As part of its
lobbying, it is circulating a compact disc on Capitol Hill that it said
simulates the kind of interference the low-power stations could create for other
stations.

The lobbying efforts have won the support of a House subcommittee that plans to
sponsor legislation to block the creation of the licenses. The legislation,
which has 153 co-sponsors in the House and 21 in the Senate, is expected to be
considered by the House Commerce Committee soon.

Kennard, in a strongly worded response, called the CD ''fraudulent'' and
characterized the broadcasters' opposition as a fight between the ''haves and
have-nots,'' and accused the broadcasters of trying to ''silence new voices in
our communities.''

The low-powered stations would be limited to a transmitting power of 100 watts
--- about the same amount of power used by a household light bulb --- and will
broadcast on the FM band. While the range of these stations can vary based on
geography and atmospheric conditions, the normal range will be about seven
miles. Commercial FM stations can operate at power levels up to 100,000 watts.

Kennard said that the community stations were needed because "when hundreds of
stations are owned by just one person or company, service to local communities,
and coverage of local issues, loses out.

''Low-power radio stations will allow local needs to be served on the nation's
airwaves and will give voice to the previously voiceless."

The National Association of Broadcasters said it stood by the studies submitted
to Congress.

''The undeniable fact is that hundreds of thousands of radio listeners will
experience additional interference as a result of low-power FM,'' said spokesman
Dennis Wharton. The group is challenging in federal court the FCC's rules
creating the low-power stations.

Others opposed to the new stations include National Public Radio, the National
Religious Broadcasters Association and a group that provides reading services
for the blind.
--- Bloomberg News contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              309 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                              May 7, 2016 Saturday

Behind the scenes to learn more about the process

SECTION: C,C; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 875 words


Politics, elected officials and lobbying - words that sometimes get visceral
reactions.

These days a lot of people don't like the idea of lobbying. Lobbying elected
officials, or anything about politics so I thought I'd dispel some rumors and
share what really goes on during a lobbying event.

Last week, I spent a few days in Sacramento lobbying legislators about various
real estate deals. Okay, not really - actually I was lobbying about some bills
supported by the California Association of Realtors (aka: C.A.R. - not "car," by
the way - they don't like that!).

Also, we weren't real lobbyists. Real lobbyists get paid lots of money and work
full time to get bills passed or killed, researching and refining details by the
minute. We didn't get paid anything and were only there for a day or two. We are
just citizen members of a group of folks in the same profession.

For a little background: C.A.R. represents realtors and their clients. Licensed
real estate agents and brokers who are not members of C.A.R. are not Realtors.
And, by the way - Realtors (like me) choose to  pay dues and jump through more
hoops to be governed by C.A.R. rules and ethics codes so I suggest you use a
realtor. (Yes, an absolutely shameless plug!)

Like the federal system, there are two houses in state government - the Assembly
and the Senate. Bills are sponsored by members as "AB" (ssembly bill) or "SB"
(Senate bill), followed by the name of the legislator who proposed the bill.
Every year there are thousands of ideas floated as bills but most don't make it
into law - thank God!

First, unlike the movies, we didn't have big envelopes full of cash to slide
across the desk or identical briefcases - also full of cash - to exchange with
any elected officials.

Remember a few weeks ago when I wrote a column about Property Assessed Clean
Energy loans (PACE or HERO loans)? Well, one of the issues C.A.R. strongly
supports would require sales organizations (mostly solar or "energy efficiency"
contractors) to completely disclose the implications of PACE/HERO property
loans. As mentioned, some of these loans are rip-offs and all of them are liens
against your property that need to be paid ahead of other claims.

Among other provisions of a suggested law (AB 2693 Dabadneh) is the requirement
to fully disclose the interest rates, costs, fees and financial impacts of using
one of these liens/loans to finance home improvements. C.A.R. thinks that's fair
- and so do I.

Do you have a guide dog? How about a "companion animal," known as a "service
animal" under federal law. Current law does not describe "companion animals" and
you can go online today and get a prescription from a doctor in another state -
for a fee - to have a companion animal. That sounds really reasonable until you
find out that a companion animal might be a rat or a donkey and under current
laws, that could be an ADA lawsuit if you don't want to rent to someone with a
donkey who needs the donkey to help with their disability. (No, I didn't make
this stuff up this time!)

C.A.R. is suggesting that California doctors write those "prescriptions" and
that renters be required to insure for companion animals. Again, with that
background, it's pretty easy to support a new law here too (AB 2760 Mathis).

Under a law proposed by a senator in San Francisco (SB 1052 Leno), all
residential rental property would be required to be listed as Section 8 Housing
under the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). C.A.R. thinks this
should remain as a voluntary program.

As you can probably tell, most of these issues are relatively tame and easy to
explain, but while I was snooping around the lobbies I heard about another bill
that wasn't part of our C.A.R. assignment.

AB 1736, by Marc Steinorth, would provide for a tax deductible contribution - up
to $10,000 a year, double that for couples - as a savings plan to buy a home.
Steinorth says he's concerned about the affordability of housing in California
and that his bill is one way to help people save for a down payment and closing
costs as part of keeping the dream of home ownership alive. I like the idea but
they wouldn't let me vote on it.

In this column, I've shared information on only four of thousands of ideas
floating around the state capitol. Ideas that became bills. Bills that can
become law.

There's an old saying about law and politics: "Everyone loves hot dogs until
they see how the hot dogs are made."

My observation is that politics isn't anywhere near as popular as hot dogs and
part of that is because citizens don't seem to be interested in either the hot
dog or how it's made. Inasmuch as we are all going to be eating those hot dogs,
I suggest you check out how they are made.

For more information on how laws are made in California, contact your state
representative or go online to www.legislature.ca.gov. For information about
C.A.R., talk to a Realtor or go online to www.car.org.

Have an "around the house," construction or real estate question or comment?
Send it to Matt Le Vesque at P.O. Box 108, Yucaipa, CA 92399 or
czrmatt@yahoo.com and he will consider it for his column. Please include your
full name and city of residence. Le Vesque is a general engineering/building
contractor and Realtor in Redlands.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                              May 7, 2016 Saturday

Behind the scenes to learn more about the process

SECTION: C,C; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 875 words


Politics, elected officials and lobbying - words that sometimes get visceral
reactions.

These days a lot of people don't like the idea of lobbying. Lobbying elected
officials, or anything about politics so I thought I'd dispel some rumors and
share what really goes on during a lobbying event.

Last week, I spent a few days in Sacramento lobbying legislators about various
real estate deals. Okay, not really - actually I was lobbying about some bills
supported by the California Association of Realtors (aka: C.A.R. - not "car," by
the way - they don't like that!).

Also, we weren't real lobbyists. Real lobbyists get paid lots of money and work
full time to get bills passed or killed, researching and refining details by the
minute. We didn't get paid anything and were only there for a day or two. We are
just citizen members of a group of folks in the same profession.

For a little background: C.A.R. represents realtors and their clients. Licensed
real estate agents and brokers who are not members of C.A.R. are not Realtors.
And, by the way - Realtors (like me) choose to  pay dues and jump through more
hoops to be governed by C.A.R. rules and ethics codes so I suggest you use a
realtor. (Yes, an absolutely shameless plug!)

Like the federal system, there are two houses in state government - the Assembly
and the Senate. Bills are sponsored by members as "AB" (ssembly bill) or "SB"
(Senate bill), followed by the name of the legislator who proposed the bill.
Every year there are thousands of ideas floated as bills but most don't make it
into law - thank God!

First, unlike the movies, we didn't have big envelopes full of cash to slide
across the desk or identical briefcases - also full of cash - to exchange with
any elected officials.

Remember a few weeks ago when I wrote a column about Property Assessed Clean
Energy loans (PACE or HERO loans)? Well, one of the issues C.A.R. strongly
supports would require sales organizations (mostly solar or "energy efficiency"
contractors) to completely disclose the implications of PACE/HERO property
loans. As mentioned, some of these loans are rip-offs and all of them are liens
against your property that need to be paid ahead of other claims.

Among other provisions of a suggested law (AB 2693 Dabadneh) is the requirement
to fully disclose the interest rates, costs, fees and financial impacts of using
one of these liens/loans to finance home improvements. C.A.R. thinks that's fair
- and so do I.

Do you have a guide dog? How about a "companion animal," known as a "service
animal" under federal law. Current law does not describe "companion animals" and
you can go online today and get a prescription from a doctor in another state -
for a fee - to have a companion animal. That sounds really reasonable until you
find out that a companion animal might be a rat or a donkey and under current
laws, that could be an ADA lawsuit if you don't want to rent to someone with a
donkey who needs the donkey to help with their disability. (No, I didn't make
this stuff up this time!)

C.A.R. is suggesting that California doctors write those "prescriptions" and
that renters be required to insure for companion animals. Again, with that
background, it's pretty easy to support a new law here too (AB 2760 Mathis).

Under a law proposed by a senator in San Francisco (SB 1052 Leno), all
residential rental property would be required to be listed as Section 8 Housing
under the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). C.A.R. thinks this
should remain as a voluntary program.

As you can probably tell, most of these issues are relatively tame and easy to
explain, but while I was snooping around the lobbies I heard about another bill
that wasn't part of our C.A.R. assignment.

AB 1736, by Marc Steinorth, would provide for a tax deductible contribution - up
to $10,000 a year, double that for couples - as a savings plan to buy a home.
Steinorth says he's concerned about the affordability of housing in California
and that his bill is one way to help people save for a down payment and closing
costs as part of keeping the dream of home ownership alive. I like the idea but
they wouldn't let me vote on it.

In this column, I've shared information on only four of thousands of ideas
floating around the state capitol. Ideas that became bills. Bills that can
become law.

There's an old saying about law and politics: "Everyone loves hot dogs until
they see how the hot dogs are made."

My observation is that politics isn't anywhere near as popular as hot dogs and
part of that is because citizens don't seem to be interested in either the hot
dog or how it's made. Inasmuch as we are all going to be eating those hot dogs,
I suggest you check out how they are made.

For more information on how laws are made in California, contact your state
representative or go online to www.legislature.ca.gov. For information about
C.A.R., talk to a Realtor or go online to www.car.org.

Have an "around the house," construction or real estate question or comment?
Send it to Matt Le Vesque at P.O. Box 108, Yucaipa, CA 92399 or
czrmatt@yahoo.com and he will consider it for his column. Please include your
full name and city of residence. Le Vesque is a general engineering/building
contractor and Realtor in Redlands.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                             March 7, 2006 Tuesday

Bottom line

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 367 words


* DEFENSE. The National Infantry Foundation, a fundraising group, has hired
Congressional Strategies to lobby for federal funding for a new museum and
parade ground in honor of infantry veterans. Grayson Winterling, a former
congressional staff director and Army officer who served in the infantry in
Korea and Vietnam, and Jim Littig, another Vietnam infantry veteran who later
worked for the Army's legislative liaison office, founded the firm and are
lobbying on behalf of the foundation.

* FOOD. D&B Specialty Foods USA has hired J.C. Watts Cos. to lobby on issues
relating to the regulation of food. Eponymous firm founder Watts (R-Okla.), a
former congressman, is lobbying for the company.

* LOCAL GOVERNMENT. Lawrence J. Smith is lobbying for Hallandale Beach, Fla.,
adding to his Florida-based clientele, according to lobbying registration. Smith
is lobbying on transportation and budget issues.

* MANUFACTURING. Brown and Co. is lobbying for Fairbanks Morse Engine, which
manufactures diesel engines, on "defense authorization and appropriations bills
and defense programs," according to lobbying disclosures filed at the Senate's
Office of Public Records. The lobbying team includes Jane Calderwood, a former
chief of staff to Sen. Olympia Snowe (R-Maine), and Laura Haas, a former staff
member on the House Armed Services Committee.

* TECHNOLOGY. Jenkins Hill Consulting is lobbying for IAC/Interactive Corp.,
which operates "diversified Internet businesses," according to its lobbying
registration filed with the Senate Office of Public Records. C. Scott Barnhart,
a former campaign manager for Sen. Mel Martinez (R-Fla.); Nathan Blake, another
Martinez campaign alum; and J. Brad Edwards, who previously worked for Sen.
Jesse Helms (R-N.C.) and at the United States Telecom Association, are lobbying
for the company on issues relating to "loan and real-estate transactions,"
according to the registration.

* TRANSPORTATION. The Independent Pilots Association has hired Hall and
Associates to lobby on "issues related to aviation safety and air crew work
environment," according to the lobbying registration. The group is the
collective-bargaining unit for pilots who fly the 268-heavy-jet UPS fleet.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 8, 2005 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Chief of Lobbying Panel Says Enforcing of Law Must Wait

BYLINE: By MICHAEL COOPER

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 578 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Dec. 7


It was with great fanfare last June that after years of public outcry, the State
Legislature finally passed a bill to close a loophole that had allowed lobbyists
seeking lucrative state contracts to go about their business virtually
unregulated.

The bill, which Gov. George E. Pataki signed, is supposed to take effect next
month. But an advisory council that is supposed to come up with guidelines for
enforcing the new law did not meet until last month, and it has yet to issue its
recommendations.

And on Wednesday, David M. Grandeau, the executive director of the state's
lobbying commission, said his agency would devote next year to ''education, not
enforcement.''

His remarks, which he made at a meeting of the lobbying commission, led some
Democrats to worry that despite the new law, lobbying for contracts would go
largely unregulated during the last year of the Pataki administration.

Mr. Grandeau said in an interview that the commission, and the lobbyists, needed
time to understand the new law and how it will work, so it would be unfair to
begin enforcing small infractions right away. He said the commission took a
similar phased-in approach when it began regulating lobbying at the local
government level.

''Short of some well-known lobbyist engaging in some transgression regarding
gifts, or some other illegalities, our focus in '06 will be on education,'' Mr.
Grandeau said in the interview, shortly after he told the commission of his
planned approach.

Until the law passed, New York State required only those lobbyists seeking new
laws to register with the state, disclose how much they were being paid and
follow the lobbying laws. Those seeking state contracts were exempt, and they
were free to operate largely beneath the radar.

The new law will make procurement lobbyists subject to oversight by the
commission, and will limit what they can do to win contracts.

Blair Horner, the legislative director of the New York Public Interest Research
Group, said the commission's go-slow approach was not surprising.

''It's understandable,'' he said, ''given that the law that passed in June
called for the creation of an advisory committee, and in classic Albany fashion,
nobody gets appointed and they don't have the first meeting until the middle of
November.''

But the news that there would not be full enforcement of the new law, which
lawmakers and the governor hailed as one of their main achievements of the year,
was decried by some lawmakers.

Assemblyman Alexander B. Grannis, a Manhattan Democrat, said that since many of
Mr. Pataki's close associates, like former Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato, have
established successful lobbying practices, it will be important to monitor their
actions.

''There are an awful lot of people who are going to see the end of the Pataki
administration as the end of the gravy train,'' Mr. Grannis said, ''and if there
is lobbying to be done, I think it is going to be fast and furious during the
next 12 months.''

And Assemblyman Richard L. Brodsky, a Westchester Democrat whose hearings
discovered that Mr. D'Amato was once paid $500,000 to make a single lobbying
phone call, said that after speaking with Mr. Grandeau in the afternoon, he was
hopeful that the commission could begin enforcement activities sooner.

''I said to him, 'I don't think the Legislature anticipated in June of this year
that it would take 18 months to break the back of this corrupt system,' '' Mr.
Brodsky said.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: David M. Grandeau of the New York lobbying commission, speaking
with reporters on Saturday. (Photo by Stewart Cairns for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              313 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                           February 28, 2006 Tuesday

Bottom line

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 347 words


* AIRLINES. Michael Korens is lobbying on behalf of several airlines, air
carriers and other aviation-related companies, according to disclosure records.
Virgin America, Northwest Airlines and NAV Canada, an air traffic control
company, have all hired Korens.

* ENERGY. The American Petroleum Institute has hired Ernst & Young as Congress
considers increasing the taxes oil and gas companies pay in light of record
profits.

The Association of Oil Pipelines, meanwhile, has hired Stuntz Davis & Staffier.
The firm, which specializes in energy issues, is tracking legislation that would
affect the "siting of oil pipelines," according to the lobbying record.

* FOREIGN RELATIONS. APCO Worldwide is representing GML Limited, a London-based
holding company. The firm is promoting "bilateral relations between the United
States and Russia and support of political and economic reforms in Russia,"
according to the lobbying registration. Don Bunker, a former Democratic
congressman from Washington state who is now a lobbyist at APCO, is helping the
effort.

West Africa Friends, a nonprofit group, has hired Barbour Griffith & Rogers to
"provide guidance and counsel with regard to bilateral relations between the
United States and Benin," according to the registration. The lobbying team
includes Andrew Parasiliti, a former foreign-policy adviser to Sen. Chuck Hagel
(R-Neb.).

* LOCAL GOVERNMENT. A number of local governments in California, including the
city of Indio, have hired David Turch & Associates, according to lobbying
records.

* HEALTHCARE. Bacterin International, a medical research company, has hired Ryan
Phillips Utrecht & MacKinnon to lobby on issues "involving basic research for
stem cell research and wound care," according to the lobbying registration.

* PORT SECURITY. DP World, the Dubai-based port management company, has hired
Alston & Bird to help ease congressional concern over its purchase of a British
shipping company. The purchase would give DP World management responsibility at
six U.S.-based ports. The lobbying team includes former Sen. Robert Dole
(R-Kan.).

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              314 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 11, 1994, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

In Very Fine Print, the Treasury Defines a Lobbyist

BYLINE: By ROBERT D. HERSHEY Jr.,    Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A;  Page 16;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 1146 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 10


Congress repealed the tax deduction for lobbying in last year's budget
legislation, but in the fog of lawmaking it neglected to say just what lobbyists
do that is now taxable.

So today the Treasury Department issued a 30-page definition of lobbying,
imposing a micrometer's precision on an activity that could be likened to an old
description of pornography: indefinable but plenty apparent to anyone who saw
it.

It seems safe to say that the lobbying business will never be the same.

Among other decisions, the department has ruled that anyone employed to follow
Federal or even state issues -- say, by reading newspapers and magazines -- is
not engaging in lobbying.

Eight Months in Making

Unless, of course, the articles are clipped and filed as part of research
intended to influence legislation. That, the department ruled, is lobbying.

Unless, of course, the articles were clipped and filed sometime before the year
preceding the year in which the legislation was influenced. That is not
lobbying.

"We will obviously attempt to enforce it," a department official replied when
asked about the practicality of such distinctions, "to the limits of our
ability."

The department's rules, eight months in the making, are of no import to the
Indianapolis gun owner who fires off a monthly letter to his senator, or the
dues-paying New Jersey environmentalist who stops by the Capitol on summer
vacation to harangue a congressman or two.

Splitting Hairs

But they are of intense interest to the National Rifle Association, the
Wilderness Society and countless corporations and trade groups that hire
professionals to sway Federal actions on their behalf.

The repeal of the deduction will also net the Treasury $800 million to $1.2
billion a year, the Clinton Administration estimated.

The Treasury lawyers, drawing on the law's legislative history, made a
fundamental distinction between efforts to affect legislation and what it called
"mere monitoring" of issues and legislative activity.

But they also said that if a monitor subsequently sought to influence
legislation, this would be treated as "in connection with" lobbying and would
lose its deductibility.

The Treasury provided examples of what would or would not be considered lobbying
-- terse and tangled tales about the activities of Taxpayer "A" or "W," and
about the presumptions of liabilities that arise from writing letters, attending
conventions, visiting lawmakers or drafting position papers.

Many issues seem to have been left unresolved, like at what point an idea
becomes a legislative proposal and thus subject to the ban on deductibility. But
it is clear that a proposal does not have to reach the status of introduced bill
before it is brings on the lobbying rules.

If, for example, the Congressional Budget Office included a B.T.U. tax on a list
of possible revenue sources, would this be considered a legislative proposal as
soon as somebody in the White House or Congress endorsed it?

And if expressing a view is essential to lobbying, what happens when a group
whose views are well known, like the National Rifle Association, simply
expresses the hope that legislators "do the right thing" on, say, a bill banning
assault weapons?

But the proposal does specify that the cost of an activity conducted for both
lobbying and non-lobbying reasons be allocated "in a reasonable manner." The
taxpayer may not designate only incremental costs as nondeductible nor may it
make a list of reasons and allocate on an unweighted arithmetical basis.

Local Government Exempt

The Treasury proposal governs deductibility of lobbying at the state as well as
Federal level, but does not apply to local government.

Treasury officials were reluctant to make hypothetical situations too clear. At
a briefing today they declined to deal with specific questions about gray areas.

Although many of those affected by proposal said they had not yet had time to
absorb it fully, the general reaction was one of resigned equanimity.

"Tax practitioners were expecting the worst," said Mary Francis Pearson, a
specialist at Ernst & Young, the accounting firm. She called the provisions
"within the gamut" of what lobbyists and their accountants would find
acceptable.

Considered 'Bearable'

Even Robert Boege, vice president of government affairs for the American Society
of Association Executives -- the trade group for trade groups -- called some
major provisions "bearable," including the two-year limit on how far back the
Internal Revenue Service could look to see whether monitoring had been
transformed into lobbying.

"It could have been a decade," he said.

Mr. Boege has previously criticized the law ending deductibility as an
unconstitutional infringement of free speech that chills relations between
members of Congress and constituents.

In December, the Treasury issued proposed regulations to guide lobbyists in how
to estimate their time on deductible and nondeductible activities, but it left
the definitional question until later. Earlier the department issued transition
regulations to guide behavior until the law took effect with the new year.

But the Treasury does not want to rush things. The proposed definition, slated
for publication in the Federal Register in the next few days, will not take
effect until after a 60-day comment period and a public hearing on Sept. 12.

FOR EXAMPLE
What's Lobbying, What's Not

Here is one of eight hypothetical examples issued by the Treasury Department
today to illustrate proposed regulations governing the deductibility of lobbying
expenses.

"On Feb. 1, 1995, a bill is introduced in Congress that would affect Company E,
a calendar year taxpayer. Employees in E's legislative affairs department, as is
customary, prepare a brief summary of the bill and periodically confirm the
procedural status of the bill through conversations with procedural status of
the bill through conversations with employees and members of Congress.

"On March 31, 1995, the head of E's legislative affairs department meets with
E's president to request that B, a chemist, temporarily help the legislative
affairs department analyze the bill. The president agrees, and suggests that B
also be assigned to draft a position letter in opposition to the bill. Employees
of the legislative affairs department continue to confirm periodically the
procedural status of the bill.

"On Oct. 31, 1995, B's position letter in opposition to the bill is delivered to
members of Congress. B's letter is a lobbying communication because it refers to
and reflects a view on specific legislation. Under paragraph (c)(5)(i) of this
section, the assignment of B to assist the legislative affairs department in
analyzing the bill and in drafting a position letter in opposition to the bill
evidences a purpose to influence legislation."

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 13, 1994, Friday

CORRECTION:

An article on Wednesday about the Treasury Department's new regulations on
lobbying misstated the estimate of the tax revenue to be raised by a ban on
deductions for lobbying expenses. The Treasury estimates that it will be $653
million over five years -- not an annual total between $800 million and $1.2
billion.




                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              315 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            December 27, 2009 Sunday

Lobbying efforts continue in Springfield

BYLINE: By Kurt Erickson;kurt.erickson@lee.net

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 454 words


SPRINGFIELD - Building an experimental power plant in Illinois isn't just about
finding land, erecting a facility and flipping a switch.

Just as Illinois taxpayers were billed more than $450,000 for Washington
D.C.-based lobbying efforts to bring the high-tech, coal-fired FutureGen
facility to Mattoon, the FutureGen Alliance is itself spending money to lobby
state lawmakers and the Quinn administration in Springfield.

Their task: Convince the state to buy all the electricity the plant produces.
Such a move would help FutureGen secure federal funding needed to build the near
zero-emissions plant.

Thus far, members of the Illinois General Assembly have been tepid in their
support of the idea because FutureGen has not been able to say exactly how much
taxpayers would be charged.

Currently, the state spends more than $82 million on electricity to power state
facilities.

To help pave the way for FutureGen's arguments in front of the General Assembly,
the alliance hired McGuireWoods Consulting, a Chicago-based lobbying firm.

Their work was on display in October when they escorted FutureGen CEO Michael
Mudd through the Capitol corridors pitching the power purchase plan.

Before lawmakers left town for the remainder of the year, a Senate panel
tentatively endorsed legislation outlining the proposed purchase agreement. The
chairman of the committee said the proposal still needs work before it moves
forward in the legislature.

It's not yet clear how much the non

profit alliance is spending on the Springfield lobbying effort. The most recent
records outlining FutureGen's spending on lobbying are for 2008. Alliance tax
documents show the non-profit organization has paid out more than $340,000 to
lobby state, federal and local governments since it was formed in 2006.

Lawrence Pacheco, a spokesman for the alliance, described the Springfield
lobbying effort as "modest" and said no governmental dollars are being used.

The lobbying in Springfield is similar to what the state spent on behalf of the
FutureGen effort when the Bush administration was mulling which state would get
to host the experimental power plant.

Under former Gov. Rod Blagojevich's administration, the state hired lobbying
giant Cassidy & Associates and spent upwards of $456,000 to help convince
federal officials to choose Illinois.

The site in Mattoon was eventually picked over Texas.

The idea of the plant is to show that high-sulfur coal like that mined in
Illinois can be transformed into electric power without the release of harmful
pollutants.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Pantagraph


                              316 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                           January 12, 2008 Saturday

Tougher lobbying rules not enough

BYLINE: Editorial

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 318  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Tougher congressional rules for the multibillion-dollar lobbying industry went
into effect at the first of the year.

The new rules require more detailed disclosure of lobbying activities and
provide for penalties of up to $200,000 for violations. Lobbyists must provide
more precise spending records and file their reports with the government more
frequently.

That's the good news.

The bad news is the new rules won't likely curb lobbying, even while providing
for more transparency.

Congress had good reason for acting the way it did.

The new rules come in the wake of the corruption scandal involving lobbyist Jack
Abramoff, who pleaded guilty to paying bribes to members of Congress.

At around the same time, former California congressman Randy Cunningham pleaded
guilty to accepting $2.4 million in bribes from defense contractors. In one
case, he was given the use of a yacht to entertain women and live, essentially,
rent free.

Both scandals involved lobbyists giving out money or gifts in exchange for
"earmarks" or pet projects that individual lawmakers quietly slip into spending
bills.

There are nearly 36,000 lobbyists registered with Congress - more than double
the number in 2000 - according to the Senate public records office.

Corporations and trade groups account for roughly 70 percent of the total.
Unions, professional associations and other organizations make up the remaining
30 percent.

In 2006, lobbyists spent $2.63 billion trying to influence legislation. That's
up 80 percent from the late 1990s, according to the Center for Responsive
Politics, a watchdog group.

The latest rules changes notwithstanding, lobbying activity in Washington likely
will continue at its present level for the foreseeable future.

Lawmakers can't control the lobbyists, but they can control the earmarks they
seek.

If lawmakers really want to shake up the lobbying industry, they should end
Congress' addiction to earmarks.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              317 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 22, 2015 Sunday

College lobbying remains pricey;
State law from 4 years ago aimed to increase oversight of expenses.$50,000
threshold may be issue at Wright State.;
INVESTIGATION

BYLINE: By Laura A. Bischoff

SECTION: ; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1644 words


Ron Wine's (left) consulting group was paid by an affiliate of Wright State
University

The university's president is David R. Hopkins (right).

State Sen. Chris Widener, R-Springfield (left), shown with Kevin DeWine, helped
lead an effort to strengthen the state's lobbying laws. He said last week that
he does not believe Wright State University needed to obtain state Controlling
Board approval before contracting with the Ron Wine Consulting Group.

COLUMBUS - A state law passed four years ago to increase oversight of lobbying
expenses by public universities has had little impact on reining in the millions
of dollars Ohio's universities pay to people who influence lawmakers.

It didn't even stop the contract that prompted lawmakers to seek reform of the
system in the first place.

The University of Akron continues to pay a Columbus-based lobbying firm $270,000
a year, even after state legislators lambasted the contract while passing a law
in 2011 saying contracts that exceed $50,000 must get prior approval from the
state Controlling Board.

That $50,000 annual threshold may now be an issue with Wright State University,
which paid Ron Wine Consulting Group through an affiliate of the university
nearly $2 million since 2009 to land state and federal funds for WSU.

Wine did not register as a lobbyist and the university did not seek Controlling
Board approval - something both the Legislative Inspector General and Attorney
General are now investigating.

"When I read the (Dayton Daily News) story, it appeared that this individual,
Mr. Wine, was lobbying," Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine said. "But quite
frankly we don't want to make a judgment until we've done the investigation."

The Daily News published an investigation last week revealing how much money has
been paid to Wine's firm; that the university's current contract allows Wine to
bill up to $1 million a year; and that the university couldn't find contracts
and other records.

Wright State President David Hopkins has said that Wine does not lobby for the
university. His current contract, signed in May, prohibits him from lobbying.
University officials say they can't find a contract for 2014, a year when he
billed the university nearly $1 million.

'Pure' lobbying

The examples involving Wright State and the University of Akron call into
question the state's ability to monitor the types of contracts universities have
with consultants and lobbyists and even raise questions about what constitutes
lobbying.

The University of Akron contract that so irked legislators was with a company
called Sean Dunn & Associates, which hired the former university board of
trustees chairman, Alex Arshinkoff, who is also chairman of the Summit County
Republican Party.

When the contract was signed, Arshinkoff made clear in an interview with the
(Cleveland) Plain Dealer that his job involved lobbying.

"It's not a fix," he said of his close ties to Ohio Gov. John Kasich. "It
wouldn't be lobbying if you knew when you sat down that you had four aces and a
royal straight flush. I can guarantee you. I've known John Kasich a long time
and I don't know of a person who can say they could deliver John Kasich."

The university did not seek Controlling Board approval because it didn't feel it
was needed, said Matt Akers, the school's government relations director and
assistant director of the Bliss Institute.

"Sean Dunn & Associates provides much more than pure lobbying for the
university," Akers said. "Overall government strategy, government relations
counsel, all of that. So that was my understanding of that $50,000 minimum was
based on those that only did lobbying for a state institution."

The Ohio Lobbying Handbook and a legislative analysis of the requirement doesn't
say anything about "pure" lobbying work.

Since the requirement went into place in September 2011, no lobbying contracts
for public universities have received approval from the Controlling Board, which
is a seven-member bipartisan fiscal oversight board.

'Betrayal' of trust

Sen. Chris Widener, R-Springfield, who is a member of the Controlling Board and
was a prime mover behind the reform law that grew out of the University of Akron
contract, did not respond to written questions about that contract or about
university lobbyists in general.

But Widener, who has worked with Wine on matters involving Wright State, said in
an email that Wine's contract is not with Wright State so the assumption that it
requires Controlling Board approval is "inaccurate."

Wine's current consulting services agreement, which allows him to bill up to
$84,000 a month, is with Wright State Applied Research Corp., a nonprofit
contracting administration agency that supports the school's research institute
and is managed by university employees. The Wright State Research Institute,
founded in 2007 as an economic development arm of the university, aims to boost
government and industry-sponsored research done in the Dayton area.

Richard Vedder, an economist at Ohio University and head of the Center for
College Affordability and Productivity, said universities that evade disclosure
laws should be "severely sanctioned."

"It seems to me that particularly when there are individuals who are politically
influential - for that activity to be carried on in a nontransparent way is
betrayal of the public trust," Vedder said. "The legal restrictions that are in
place are appropriate. It may not be strong enough, but they're appropriate."

Army of lobbyists

Public universities in Ohio employ a small army of lobbyists to do their bidding
before local, state and federal officials for everything from adding a graduate
program to landing public money to building new facilities. Ohio's 38
state-supported community colleges and universities collectively enroll nearly
500,000 students, employ more than 100,000 workers and maintain more than 2,500
buildings.

Every higher education institution is angling for state money. The state spends
$2.5 billion a year on higher education, plus another $504 million that is doled
out for capital projects.

All told, there are 37 registered lobbyists at 15 public universities - 70
percent are university in-house staff, while the rest are independent
contractors. Ohio's four-year public universities collectively pay their
lobbyists more than $3.5 million a year, according to public records.

A review of those records shows the extent to which universities invest in
people who argue their interests in Columbus. For example:

? Wright State University: Former state lawmaker and university vice president
Robert Hickey, who makes $150,733 a year, is in charge of government relations.
WSU pays former state senator Jeff Jacobson $60,000 a year and previously paid
Lori Kershner $90,000 a year for lobbying services, though their contracts
straddle two calendar years. Former state lawmaker and Ohio Republican Party
Chairman Kevin DeWine has had three contracts this year with Wright State. A
lobbying contract was signed in September, made retroactive to April, and allows
the university to call on him as needed and pay him up to $25,000. The
university also has a consulting agreement that paid DeWine $90,000, split
equally in 2014 and 2015. And DeWine has billed the university $79,000 since May
under a separate, overlapping agreement with the Wright State Applied Research
Corp. that allows him to bill $228,000 next year with the goal of obtaining
federal and state funding. That contract prohibits lobbying.

? Ohio State University: The eight OSU lobbyists registered with the state are
all in-house staff that were paid a combined $1.9 million in 2014. OSU's
lobbying team includes people with other duties, such as general counsel Chris
Culley and political scientist Herb Asher.

? Miami University: State and local lobbying is done by Randi Thomas, the
university's director of institutional relations, who made $132,398 last year. A
private firm is paid $42,000 a year to handle federal lobbying duties.

? University of Cincinnati: Two-Columbus based university employees - Margaret
Rolf and Mike Carroll - lobby state officials while Greg Vehr, a university vice
president, handles local lobbying as well as marketing and communications. The
trio were paid $330,000 combined in 2011, the most recent year that was
published on public websites. Lewis-Burk Associates, a federal consulting firm,
has a $179,106 annual contract with UC.

? Sinclair Community College: The school pays $42,000 a year to Duane Morris
Government Strategies for state lobbying services and has a $30,000-a-year
contract with Kevin DeWine for strategic advising.

? Clark State Community College: Clark State has two contracts with Sean

P. Dunn & Associates for government affairs and lobbying services. The contracts
each pay $7,000 a month and run consecutively from January 2015 through June
2016.

WSU official responds

Numerous attempts to contact Ron Wine for comment have been unsuccessful.

At the Wright State Board of Trustees meeting Friday, several board members who
were asked about the university's contract with Wine referred questions to
Michael Bridges, the board's chairman.

Bridges said the work was contracted and paid through the Wright State Applied
Research Corporation, which has its own board. He also said the trustees "rely
on the university to have the contracts that work with various agencies,
entities and consultants."

But, he added: "It is definitely something we're looking into and getting more
information on and discussing that with university leadership to make sure we
know what's going on."

Bridges said he welcomes the AG's office and OLIG inquiries.

"Clearly we're working with taxpayer money, with my money, and we want to use it
wisely and efficiently," he said.

Contact this reporter at 614-224-1624 or email Laura. Bischoff@coxinc.com
Contact this reporter at 937-328-0374 or email Josh. Sweigart@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              318 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           December 27, 2011 Tuesday

Dec. 28 Readers' letters

BYLINE: From Mercury News readers

SECTION: LETTERS; News; Opinion

LENGTH: 794 words


Larger groups would be untouched by $25 hike

While I commend state Sen. Leland Yee's proposal to increase lobbying fees
insofar as the revenue will fund the transparency website Cal Access (Page 1A,
Dec. 26), the suggestion that this hike will have any noticeable effect on
lobbying in Sacramento is off base for two reasons. First, the only change a fee
hike could have is to bar access to certain lobbying organizations, and an
increase of $25 a year is simply not enough to to do this. Second, even if the
fee was increased enough to be a barrier, an across-the-board hike
disproportionally affects smaller organizations, leaving the large, well-funded
groups we generally associate with lobbying (think labor, energy, etc.)
essentially untouched. The proposal should be supported to get the website up
and running again, but if we are looking to change lobbying in the capitol, we
should look somewhere other than a $25 fee hike.

Michael Redding

San Jose

Ballot measure would end the broken system

Regarding your article. "Death penalty takes a new hit" (Page 1A, Dec. 27),
California Supreme Court Chief Justice Tani Cantil-Sakauge put it best:
"California's death penalty requires structural change, and we don't have the
money to create the change that is needed".

The momentum has shifted toward replacing the death penalty with the alternative
of life imprisonment without possibility of parole. Signatures are being
gathered to put this issue on the ballot in 2012. Approval of this measure would
put an end to the broken system that exists today.

Terry McCaffrey

President California People of Faith Working Against the Death Penalty Palo Alto

For art installations, keep the money local

Let me see if I have this right. Hotels in San Jose are going to pay from the
city's hotel tax for some guy working out of New York $480,000 to design a piece
of art to stand in front of the San Jose Convention Center (Page 1B, Dec. 25).
It's probably too late to do anything about this particular installation, but
here's a rather radical idea my father came up with.

Have you ever been to a middle or high school art show? We have some very
talented kids in our schools. Why not sponsor a contest in the schools to design
our public art? I mean, honestly, who knows our local area better -- the kids
going to school here or some architect working out of New York? And the school
of the kid who produces the winning design would get the money the hotels were
going to pay this "professional" artist. We can keep the money local and help
our schools at the same time. Sounds like a win-win idea to me.

Connie Stanley

Sunnyvale

Was Jobs' death the only news this year?

Another day, another giant image of Steve Jobs dominates the front page (Page
1A, Dec. 27). If the Mercury News were one's only source, one might be led to
believe that Jobs' passing was the only newsworthy thing to happen all year.

He was a big part of this valley, but not the only part. Can we dispatch with
the last of the fawning accolades and chase some other stories please?

Colby Waterland

Sunnyvale

Social system needed to make 1% possible

I applaud Hans Waagen for his hard work and success in becoming a one percenter
(Letters, Dec 26), but he didn't do it by himself. He went to school under the
tax supported G.I. Bill when college was affordable. He might also have bought a
house with a G.I. loan when bankers made honest deals. He had the advantage of a
public school system that was fully funded and social services that were
supported by a 90 percent tax rate for people in the income bracket where he is
now. In the 1950s Congress worked with President Eisenhower to build roads and
bridges and freeways instead of cutting taxes for people like Waagen, and we all
benefited. Yes, we need more people like Hans Waagen, but we also need a social
system that makes it possible for other hard working people to do what he has
done.

Jack Hasling

Cupertino

Sports expenditures are utter waste of funds

Have we gone utterly sports mad? Is there a compelling reason why we must take
valuable funds in order to create high school stadiums with lights so high
schools can have night football? A game is a game, whether it is played under
lights or not. And with schools in such dire straits financially, why would
school boards even consider such expenditures? I'm generally against the
atrocious amounts of money being spent on sports stadiums of all types. Right
now the San Jose area is considering soccer and baseball stadiums to be built on
expensive land where they will sit -- each a huge void that will be empty for
large portions of the year, where a few games will be played in cities where
many residents could care less about the teams. As I said, have we gone utterly
sports mad?

Gayle DeWitt

San Jose

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 10, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Backlash Brewing

BYLINE: Al Kamen

SECTION: A Section; A17 , IN THE LOOP Al Kamen

LENGTH: 755 words


A stint in the White House or on the Hill remains the path to a lucrative
lobbying job. The National Journal, in a survey out today of salaries paid in
2004 to heads of trade associations, has many congressional and White House
alums doing quite nicely in the private sector.

There's Johnson White House aide Jack Valenti, the head of the Motion Picture
Association of America who retired in 2004 with an $11 million package. There's
Reagan White House aide Craig L. Fuller, who represented chain drugstores for
$3.1 million that year, or Bush I White House aide and Navy secretary William L.
Ball, who came in just under $1 million. For the full list, go to
NationalJournal.com.

In recent years, such experience has meant even more. Reagan White House
operative, restaurateur and lobbyist Haley Barbour moved on from just being a
rich lobbyist to political fame as governor of Mississippi. He's even been
talked about as a presidential contender.

Sen. John Thune (R-S.D.) was a Senate aide, got a job in the Reagan
administration, got elected to the House and did a stint as a "government
affairs counselor" for a Washington law firm before getting elected to his
current job.

The lobbying scandal, however, may require young pols to alter their career
plans.

A lobbying past can cost you support. New York GOP candidate John Faso was
labeled unfit to be governor by the Conservative Party chairman in his home
county because he was a lobbyist.

"Read the paper. Watch the news," GOP Columbia County Chairman Matthew Torrey
wrote state conservatives.

"Every day there is a new story about the undue influence of lobbyists and
special interest groups "bending the rules and skirting the spirit, if not the
letter, of the law."

Faso says he's no longer a lobbyist. And his camp notes Torrey is a consultant
and driver for another Republican candidate.

If this anti-lobbying sentiment takes hold, kids may have to choose between
money and political glory.

On the other hand, lobbying doesn't seem to have hurt the fine acting career of
Fred Thompson, who plays Manhattan District Attorney Arthur Branch on "Law &
Order." The former GOP Senate aide and then Tennessee senator picked up $184,000
in 2004 and $160,000 in the first half of this year lobbying for insurance
company Equitas Ltd., according to his disclosure forms.

Speaking of kids, it isn't that George C. Deutsch, 24, the NASA press aide who
quit after it turned out he lied about being a Texas A&M University graduate,
didn't have any press experience.

Deutsch earned his bit of fame last week when he was criticized for preventing
reporters from talking to James E. Hansen, NASA's leading climate scientist,
because, as the New York Times reported, Deutsch told colleagues his job was to
"make the president look good." The non-college graduate also opined about the
big-bang theory and said NASA should not discount "intelligent design by a
creator."

Deutsch did attend the Texas university and did some writing for the Battalion,
the student paper. In an opinion piece in 2003 when New York Times reporter
Jayson Blair was unmasked as a fabricator, Deutsch wrote: "Blair's decisions and
actions lacked ethics and integrity. As a reporter, he cared only about himself
and furthering his career at the expense of the truth."

Unclear if Deutsch plans to re-enroll to finish his degree.

Jack Abramoff, former owner of an awful kosher deli on Pennsylvania Avenue NW,
is hanging out at another kosher restaurant just south of Dupont Circle. In
fact, we hear he's got his own table at the front of Eli's.

A pal going to dinner this week was asked by the host if he was there for the
"Abramoff table." Not long afterward, in strolled the disgraced former lobbyist,
heading for a table by the front door. He was seated looking out toward the
street, thus quite visible, our source said. The deli has tables that are
obscured behind big beams, but it wouldn't be appropriate for Abramoff to sit
there.

And speaking of Abramoff, we've been getting e-mails wondering who won the Name
the Abramoff Scandal Contest. There were more than 1,200 e-mail entries, so it's
taking a while to pick the winners. Look for announcements next week.

Latinos know they can count on the Congressional Hispanic Caucus to keep them
apprised of important legislative matters on the caucus Web site. But some folks
may prefer to be briefed in Spanish. No problem. There's a tab for "Espanol."
Click that and it says "This information will be coming soon." In English. ¿Pero
cuando?

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              320 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              June 10, 2011 Friday
                                   L2 Edition

Expenditures on lobbying go up for local governments

BYLINE: By Mike Riopell State Government Writer mriopell@dailyherald.com -CLMN-

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 186 words


SPRINGFIELD -- Local officials are spending more tax money to pay for lobbyists
in Springfield, the Illinois Campaign for Political Reform reported Thursday.

The report examined lobbying contracts from governments throughout the state
from July 2009 through June 2010, showing an increase in lobbying spending of
$845,000 over the previous report.

The biggest spender was the Regional Transportation Authority and its boards --
CTA, Metra and Pace -- which spent more than $1 million in the year lobbying
lawmakers, the governor and other state officials.

ICPR officials obtained the lobbying contracts through the Freedom of
Information Act, but the law doesn't require making available the lobbying
contracts of private companies who have a big stake in swaying government
decisions.

"The information gathered in this survey gives the public a better picture of
how public dollars are used to monitor and lobby state government," said ICPR
deputy Director David Morrison,"but state lobbying regulations reveal next to
nothing about much larger lobbying budgets of corporations, unions and others
with lobbyists inSpringfield."

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              321 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                 October 23, 1996 Wednesday METRO FINAL EDITION

TOBACCO BEGAN FIGHT IN STATE IN '84;
LETTER DETAILS PLANS TO BLOCK ANTI-SMOKING FORCES AT EVERY TURN

BYLINE: BYLINE: David Shaffer, Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 465 words


A tobacco industry lobbying group based in Washington, D.C., laid plans 12 years
ago to blunt anti-smoking legislation in Minnesota, according to a newly
disclosed internal document from the group.

"As we look forward, one of our tasks is to blunt in every possible way the
march of the anti-smokers in Minnesota, where a special movement is under way,
using legislation and propaganda to put the state in the forefront of the drive
for a smoke-free society," a senior vice president of the Tobacco Institute
wrote to another tobacco executive in 1984.

The letter was disclosed Tuesday in Ramsey County District Court by lawyers for
the Minnesota attorney general and Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Minnesota,
which are suing the institute and seven cigarette makers seeking damages for
smoking-related illnesses.

The government's lawyers are trying to force the industry to reveal more
information about its lobbying efforts. Attorney General Hubert H. Humphrey III
said the tobacco companies are "probably the most powerful lobbying group in the
state."

The Tobacco Institute and R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. spent at least $1.1 million
lobbying Minnesota lawmakers from 1991 to 1995, according to financial
disclosure statements filed with the Minnesota Ethical Practices Board. The
statements require lobbies to report only a range of expenditures, so the actual
amount could be higher than the minimum reported.

At least some of the tobacco money has been used to hire influential Minnesota
lobbying firms, including North State Advisers & Associates of Minneapolis.
Tobacco industry money also has been handed over to Minnesota wholesaler and
distributor groups, according to a 1987 Tobacco Institute budget made public in
another lawsuit.

Lobbying has become a side issue in the lawsuit because the government wants to
counter possible industry claims that lawmakers could have done something about
huge Medicaid expenditures for smokers.

Peggy Carter, a spokeswoman for R.J. Reynolds, said she had not seen the latest
documents and could not comment on them.

Lawmakers passed the Clean Indoor Air Act in 1975, making Minnesota the first
state to require non-smoking sections in restaurants. Anti-smoking activists
wanted to build on that success, and in 1984 created the Minnesota Coalition for
a Smoke-Free Society 2000 to lobby for other legislation.

"We have not been very successful," said Judy Knapp, the executive director of
the coalition.

Instead of promoting new laws, the coalition has found itself on the defensive
against industry pressure for state laws favorable to the tobacco industry, she
said.

One industry measure that was defeated this year would have prevented local
governments from passing tough tobacco sales licensing ordinances.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1996 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            November 21, 2016 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Trans-Pacific Partnership may stay alive in another form

BYLINE: Cyrus Sanati, @beyondblunt, Special for USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 651 words


It may be too early to write off the Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP.

While the tech-friendly free trade agreement won't come up for a vote during the
current lame-duck session of Congress, that doesn't mean it won't be resurrected
in some form under President-elect Donald Trump. In the past two weeks, Trump
has walked back from some of his more radical and impractical campaign promises,
giving hope to some in Silicon Valley that he would do the same with his
anti-trade rhetoric.

Trump denounced the TPP as a "disaster" being "pushed by special interests who
want to rape our country."

Yet he appears to have included Rolf Lundberg Jr., a former lobbyist from the
TPP-friendly U.S. Chamber of Commerce, to head up "trade reform" on his
presidential transition team, according to an organization chart obtained by The
New York Times.

Trump's transition team has been notoriously fluid. Its new executive director
was recently removing lobbyists from the team, so if Lundberg had a place on it,
he may not any longer.

But if he or the Chamber have any say in Trump's trade policy, you may see a
softer stance than heard on the campaign trail.

The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is one of the most powerful lobbying groups in the
country, representing American business interests around the globe.

It's a huge advocate for free trade, including the TPP. In a sign of its
influence, the Chamber led the lobbying effort that pressured Republicans into
giving President Obama fast-track trade negotiating authority over the TPP. This
not only gave the White House carte blanche to hammer out a deal on its own, but
also barred Congress from making any changes to it.

Lundberg, who  runs a lobbying group focused on the travel industry, managed the
Chamber's political program from 2001 to 2013, where he oversaw candidate
endorsements, as well as the Chamber's  political action committee.

Some of that lobbying included the TPP, public filings indicate. As far back as
2009 and until 2013, Lundberg's name appears on several of the Chamber's
quarterly lobbying disclosure forms in sections that list TPP as a topic
lobbyists raised with lawmakers.

Blair Latoff Holmes, a spokeswoman  for the Chamber, confirmed that in 2013 the
lobbying group was advocating "U.S. and foreign negotiators for specific
provisions to be included in the TPP," but that Lundberg "was not involved in
that effort."

Lundberg declined to comment on reports he was involved in the Trump transition
team. The Trump transition team did not return requests for comment.

Lundberg's history  doesn't necessarily mean that he'll be championing the free
trade agreement if he's on board with the new Trump administration.

Silicon Valley is a big fan of TPP as it is one of the first free trade
agreements to specifically address the changing realities of the new digital
economy.

Telecommunication firms, like Verizon, Sprint and AT&T, which offer voice and
data services in many TPP countries already, will benefit from new rules that
bar preferential treatment of local carriers, especially in Vietnam, where the
local carrier is state-owned.

Electronic retailers like Amazon and Ebay should flourish under TPP as well, as
the agreement sets up a legal framework to facilitate electronic payments and
protect personal information exchanged online between customers and merchants.

TPP can help  Trump achieve the 4% per annum GDP growth he promised to deliver
on the campaign trail. TPP helps address many of the problems that U.S. service
providers bump up against when trying to expand abroad and helps facilitate the
free-flow of data.

Lundberg is  well-versed on the TPP and its benefits from his work at the
Chamber. It may not be a bad idea for Trump to sit down with him and learn about
how free trade and fair trade can exist at the same time.

Sanati is a financial and business columnist who has written for The New York
Times, Fortune and BreakingViews

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: graphic

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 24, 2010 Monday

EDITORIAL: Local level lobbying costs should be transparent

BYLINE: Jacksonville Journal-Courier, Ill.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 525 words


May 24--A recent report from a good government group shows that local
governments in Illinois, including towns as small as 5,000 population, are
spending millions of taxpayer dollars per year on lobbying firms to represent
them in the state Capitol.

The Illinois Campaign for Political Reform released the report last week, saying
it believes the public has little idea about the relationships between local
government entities and lobbying firms. The advocacy group is calling on state
lawmakers to make the information public.

Some of the big spenders are no surprise, such as the largest in the study, the
Chicago Transit Authority, which paid a total of $385,000 to six lobbying firms.
But the study also found that some of the largest spenders came from the
smallest areas.

In fact, three of Chicago's suburbs managed to outspend the Windy City, which
has 3 million residents. The village of Bellwood, population 20,500, gave more
than $138,000 to four separate lobbying firms. Crestwood spent more than 10
times its population of 11,000, and Countryside's 5,000 residents shelled out
$90,000 for lobbyists. These totals compare to Chicago itself, which spent
$84,000 to lobby state government.

And it's not just the Chicago suburbs that are hiring lobbyists. McLean County
spent more than $11,500 a year on the practice.

In its defense, McLean County Administrator Terry Lindberg said most lobbying
efforts by smaller counties and governments are focused on ensuring they get
reimbursements at a time when state government is simply failing to pay many of
its bills. Other reasons for the lobbying include persuading legislators to
support laws that would benefit the government entities.

Even officials with the Illinois Campaign for Political Reform admit that
smaller government bodies, including school districts that may be spread across
legislative districts, use lobbyists to give them a voice that otherwise might
not be heard.

The group agrees that the study does not indicate any wrongdoing, but they want
more transparency in the process, so the public will understand it. They say
both public and private lobbyists should disclose what measures they are
backing, along with the money allocated to providing such services.

Still, we think most taxpayers would be dismayed to know that the hard-earned
dollars they turn over to their local governments, which they expect to be spent
on services for residents, instead wind up in the pockets of lobbyists.

At a time when so many services are being cut and so many of the state's bills
are left unpaid, forcing school districts and municipalities to tighten their
belts, we believe most Illinoisans would rather not see their local tax dollars
spent this way.

To see more of Jacksonville Journal-Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.myjournalcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Jacksonville
Journal-Courier, Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100524-JJ-EDITORIAL-Local-level-lobbying
-costs-should-be-transparent-0524

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JJ


                  Copyright 2010 Jacksonville Journal-Courier


                              324 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                             March 21, 2006 Tuesday

Washington-area Pepco Holdings Inc. and Mirant Corp. rival Constellation's
lobbying efforts

BYLINE: Kathleen Johnston Jarboe

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 744  words


While most of the attention on energy issues this year has gone to Constellation
Energy Group Inc., other power companies also have quietly been working to
influence state lawmakers' opinions, according to lobbying reports.The
Washington-area utility Pepco Holdings Inc. and Mirant Corp., which owns Pepco's
former power plants, have helped pay for legislator entertainment events costing
at least $24,964 since the start of the session.The spending represents nine
dinners at restaurants and hotels, some of which were co-hosted by several other
special interests. The expenditures come as legislators consider proposals to
limit power plant emissions and to cap how much utilities can raise electricity
bills each year. "If they make an investment, I'm sure that a good business
expects to get a good return on that investment," said Bobbie Walton, executive
director of Common Cause Maryland.Much of the rate-hike discussion evolved after
Constellation announced plans to merge with a Florida power company in December,
and as the company announced 72 percent bill increases this summer for
residential customers.Constellation has been lobbying as well, though the
company has not held any formal receptions for lawmakers, according to lobbying
reports.

It has 12 individuals registered to represent the Baltimore company in the halls
of Annapolis, including R. Clayton Mitchell Jr., a former Speaker of the House,
and Pamela Kasemeyer, the wife of Sen. Edward J. Kasemeyer, D-Howard and
Baltimore County.The senator was one of several top lawmakers invited to meet
with Constellation executives last night in a closed-door meeting to discuss
legislative proposals to curb electricity rate hikes. Constellation paid Pamela
Kasemeyer $27,500 in lobbying fees from November 2004 to October 2005, according
to lobbying reports on file with the Maryland State Ethics Commission. More than
a dozen bills have been introduced concerning rate increases, Constellation's
merger with FPL Group Inc. and power plant emissions. Lawmakers hoped to make
progress toward a solution on a rate mitigation program that could be introduced
as early as this week, according to General Assembly sources.The meeting was
organized by Senate President Thomas V. Mike Miller Jr., D-Prince George's and
Calvert, and Sen. Thomas 'Mac' Middleton, D-Charles, chairman of the Senate
Finance Committee, which is hearing many of the energy bills.Pepco has much to
win or lose in the discussions as a solution could affect its customers in the
Washington area of Maryland. Mirant has three coal power plants in the state
that would be affected by legislation looking to curb emissions from the state's
coal plants.But both groups described their parties for lawmakers as typical
annual events.The company invites legislators "that have jurisdiction over
matters that affect us and these are done for informational and educational
purposes. We do this also so that the [General Assembly] leadership can meet the
leadership of our company in one setting," said Pepco spokeswoman Debbi
Jarvis.The Washington-area energy corporation spent $8,700 on three dinners it
hosted exclusively for Montgomery and Prince George's County lawmakers and for
delegates from the House Economic Matters Committee, which is hearing the rate
mitigation bills.Pepco also was a sponsor for three additional parties but only
paid for a portion of the bill. The company has 12 registered lobbyists in
Annapolis this session. Mirant hosted three parties costing $5,450 since the
start of the session. It invited lawmakers from Prince George's and Montgomery
Counties and senators from the Education, Health, and Environmental Affairs
Committee.A spokesman and registered lobbyist said the events updated lawmakers
on the company's progress since it recently emerged from bankruptcy. The
Atlanta-based power company is in the middle of a $250 million effort to reduce
nitrogen oxide emissions by 70 percent at its Maryland power plants. It is also
planning to install additional controls to limit sulphur dioxide and mercury
emissions.Together the efforts include three of the four pollutants legislative
bills have proposed to curb. "We host legislative dinners as a way to enable
legislators and employees of our company, many of whom are constituents of the
legislators, to have a back-and-forth about the status of what the company is up
to and our review on the issues of the day," said spokesman Steven Arabia. </p>

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 29, 1999, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Albany Approves Bill to Toughen the Law on Lobbying

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1287 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Dec. 28


The State Senate approved a bill today that would toughen the law regulating
lobbying in New York for the first time in a generation, ending an unusually
fractious debate over how far the state should go in trying to restrict and
illuminate behind-the-scenes efforts to influence policy.

The bill, which passed the Assembly last week and is expected to be signed by
Gov. George E. Pataki, would require lobbyists to detail more information about
their activities in Albany, adopt a similar system of disclosure in the state's
large localities and impose stronger penalties for violating the law. It would
replace relatively weak rules passed at a time when lobbying expenditures were
at a fraction of today's levels and techniques were far less sophisticated.

But the measure largely skirts the issue that dominated the deliberations:
whether to prohibit lawmakers from accepting meals and other gifts from
lobbyists, a longstanding if veiled practice in Albany that came under scrutiny
after reports that Philip Morris, the cigarette giant, had spent hundreds of
thousands of dollars on such favors. The bill would bar lobbyists from giving
lawmakers and other officials gifts worth more than $75, a limit not
significantly different from the current one.

Still, even as the Senate approved the measure, all of its members were renewing
a promise they made this month to decline most gifts from lobbyists voluntarily.
And the sparring over whether to allow gifts to some extent distracted from the
far-reaching nature of other parts of the bill -- especially considering that
earlier in the year, officials here showed no interest in changing the rules.

The passage today, by 51 to 1, caps weeks of wrangling over the old law, which
was renewed repeatedly since it was enacted in 1977. The current version of the
law is to expire this week.

The Senate unanimously approved a different lobbying bill on Dec. 14 that
included the gift ban that its members have now agreed to voluntarily. The
Assembly Speaker, Sheldon Silver, a Manhattan Democrat who has resisted forgoing
such favors, then doggedly fought the provision. In concert with Mr. Pataki, Mr.
Silver proposed a bill without the provision, and the Assembly approved it last
week.

With the old law about to lapse, the Republican majority in the Senate decided
today that rather than begin the year with no rules, it would abandon its bill,
approve the one from the Democratic-controlled Assembly and commit voluntarily
to the gift ban.

The Senate majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno, an upstate Republican, suggested
today that he would not let the issue die. "It will be for the public to make a
judgment on who is right in the way they handle themselves," Mr. Bruno said.

Like Mr. Bruno, other senators said they supported the Assembly bill only
grudgingly, attacking the Assembly for declining to support more stringent rules
on gifts.

"The major change that we sought is absent," said Senator Seymour Lachman, a
Brooklyn Democrat. "In doing what we're doing today, we're taking one step
backward, and a step and a half forward."

Senator Nancy Larraine Hoffman, a Syracuse-area Republican, said the Assembly
had "let down the taxpayers of this state."

"What we have in front of us is a mere watered-down version that really gives
very faint attention to the basic concept of the appearance of impropriety," she
said. "It's a very simple issue that we have to face day in and day out as we do
our business. Is there anything that we are doing that would create even the
appearance of impropriety? If there is, the activity should change."

Patricia Lynch, a spokeswoman for Mr. Silver, called the criticism misguided.
"The way to get to the heart of the problem is to stiffen fines and other
penalties and ask for more disclosure," not ban gifts, she said.

While the lobbying law may seem arcane, it is intended to provide the public
with a sense of who is trying to influence decisions -- and how much is being
spent. In total, clients spent $55 million last year on lobbying in Albany.

In June, legislative leaders decided to renew the current law, brushing aside
criticism that the law was widely flouted and failed to provide the public with
enough information about what was occurring in Albany.

But the leaders abandoned their plan after The New York Times reported in July
that Philip Morris internal documents showed that at least 115 current and
former lawmakers in the 211-member Legislature had accepted gifts from the
company. In November, Philip Morris paid a $75,000 fine for failing to disclose
all its spending. Its chief Albany lobbyist was barred from lobbying the state
government for three years and paid a $15,000 fine.

The disclosures galvanized the first significant reappraisal of ethics in Albany
in more than a decade. Lawmakers engaged in spirited and sometimes angry
arguments over whether it was appropriate to accept lobbyists' gifts. In one
private meeting last week, Assembly Democrats chewed over the issue for six
hours.

Leaders like Mr. Silver asserted that the gifts were innocuous, that it was
absurd and unfair to presume that a lawmaker would sell a vote for a meal or
tickets to a Yankees game. Mr. Bruno countered that the Legislature needed to
address even the possible perception that lawmakers were being compromised.

The Philip Morris disclosures also contributed to a separate decision by Mr.
Pataki and the Legislature to nearly double the cigarette tax to pay for health
care for the uninsured. Lawmakers said by dealing a major blow to the tobacco
industry here for the first time since 1993, they could parry accusations that
they were beholden to the tobacco lobby.

The bill approved today would put New York at the forefront in regulating
lobbying of local governments, which have taken on growing responsibilities in
recent years. Until now, for example, it was not possible to determine easily
who was trying to sway the Nassau County Legislature, which oversees a $2.2
billion budget.

By 2001, lobbyists in any county or locality with more than 50,000 people would
be required to disclose their activities. The public would eventually be able to
obtain the information on local lobbying from the Web site of the state's
commission on lobbying (www.nylobby.state.ny.us). Local lobbyists would also be
required to abide by the rule barring them from giving officials gifts worth
more than $75.

In some respects, the New York law would not be as restrictive as other states'.
Besides declining to enact a gift ban into law, Mr. Pataki and the Legislature
did not limit lobbyists' political contributions. Some states have prohibited
lawmakers from holding fund-raisers in their capitals during the legislative
session, events which are geared toward reeling in money from lobbyists.

Mr. Pataki blocked more disclosure of lobbying of state agencies. Some states
require that lobbying on contracts be revealed, and the Senate's original bill
included such a measure. But Mr. Pataki persuaded Mr. Silver to strike that
provision from the Assembly bill.

Those omissions troubled some advocacy groups, which have crusaded all year for
a new law. Blair Horner, an expert on lobbying who is legislative director of
the New York Public Interest Research Group, said he was pleased with parts of
the measure, but disappointed that the backlash over Philip Morris's lobbying
did not spur more of an overhaul.

"Six months ago, all these changes would have seemed monumental," Mr. Horner
said. "But as a result of the revelations of Philip Morris's illegal activities,
the Legislature and the governor had a chance to hit a home run on lobbying
reform. Unfortunately, they swung and missed."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Republican Senators Michael A. Balboni, left, Kenneth P. LaValle
and Thomas W. Libous and the majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno. (Associated
Press)(pg. B6)

Chart: "Highlights of Proposed Regulations"
These are the major provisions of New York's proposed new lobbying law:

Prohibits lobbyists and their clients from giving gifts worth more than $75 to
officials.

State senators have pledged to abide by a voluntary ban on most gifts, including
meals from lobbyists, as well as other items worth more than $25.

Requires for the first time that lobbyists in counties and municipalities with
more than 50,000 people disclose their activities and be supervised under the
state system.

Gives regulators for the first time the authority to conduct random audits of
lobbyists' annual disclosure statements.

Increases to $25,000, from $5,000, the civil penalty for failure to fully
disclose lobbying activities.

Increases to $50,000, from $5,000, the civil penalty for filing false lobbying
reports.



                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              326 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            March 20, 2008 Thursday

Device makers pump up lobbying

BYLINE: By Christopher Snowbeck csnowbeck@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 801 words


Big medical device manufacturers -- including three with significant operations
in Minnesota -- are spending more than ever lobbying the federal government.

As a group, medical supply companies spent more than $28 million on lobbying
during 2007 -- and not all records are in yet -- surpassing the 2006 total of
$26.5 million, according to U.S. Senate records tabulated by the Washington,
D.C.-based Center for Responsive Politics.

In 2007, Fridley-based Medtronic spent $1.7 million lobbying the federal
government. Natick, Mass.-based Boston Scientific -- which operates two key
business units in the Twin Cities -- spent $1.96 million on lobbying last year,
while Little Canada-based St. Jude Medical spent $460,000.

In all three cases, the 2007 spending was the most for lobbying in a single year
for the past decade, according to the Web site opensecrets.org , operated by the
Center for Responsive Politics.

Stephen Ubl, president of AdvaMed, a Washington-based trade group for medical
device companies, said it has been necessary for manufacturers to spend more on
lobbyists to monitor such things as reimbursement issues at the agency that runs
Medicare, and a key piece of 2007 legislation that governs the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration and the user fees that device companies pay the agency.

Directly or indirectly, Medicare pays for many of the products manufactured by
device companies, and all such products receive some level of review by the FDA.
Medical device issues also can come up in patent law, international trade
discussions and questions of science policy.

Ubl noted that a growing number of medical device companies have opened lobbying
offices in Washington, D.C., in recent years, and those with existing offices
have dedicated more resources to them.

"The world in which we're operating is more complicated, and there are more
(federal) issues we're working on. So, you need the expertise," he said.

In 2007, there was perhaps no better indication of the breadth of bills that can
affect the medical device industry than the Food and Energy Security Act, also
known as the Farm Bill. The legislation was one of several bills that Medtronic
lobbied on last year because it has provisions related to the ability of medical
device sales reps to train with live animals, the company said.

Medtronic also lobbied on proposed legislation requiring manufacturers to
publicly disclose the money payments they make to physician consultants. But
Medtronic spokeswoman Marybeth Thorsgaard said the company's three biggest
lobbying issues in 2007 were the FDA reform bill, Medicare legislation and a
proposal to promote insurance coverage for devices that let physicians monitor
patients from afar.

The increase in lobbying expenditures at Medtronic is "consistent with the
policy environment that we're in right now," Thorsgaard said.

At Boston Scientific, the lobbying needs have grown with the company in recent
years, said spokesman Paul Donovan. In 2006, Boston Scientific purchased the
Arden Hills-based division of the former Guidant Corp. that makes pacemakers and
implantable defibrillators.

Boston Scientific's lobbying totals in 2005 and 2006 reflect Guidant's lobbying
costs those years -- about 10 percent of the parent company's total. In addition
to the Arden Hills business, Boston Scientific makes heart stents at a division
based in Maple Grove.

Kathleen Janasz, a spokeswoman for heart device maker St. Jude Medical, said her
company's expenditures "reflect the increased amount of legislation affecting
our company in the past year."

Only a few of the dozens of smaller medical device companies in the Twin Cities
have done much federal lobbying in recent years, according to a review of data
in the Center for Responsive Politics' Web site. Minnetonka-based American
Medical Systems, a maker of urological devices, and Eden Prairie-based
Humanetics Corp., which is developing a drug to treat radiation sickness, both
had lobbying expenditures during 2007.

Now is a good time to look at 2007 lobbying totals because final disclosure
forms were due in mid-February, and many of the records have been trickling out
over the past several weeks, said Massie Ritsch, a spokesman for the public
interest group. Medical supply companies have spent more on lobbying the federal
government each year since 2001, when the industry spent $12.3 million,
according to the group's Web site.

The medical device industry is just one part of the broader health care sector,
which Ritsch noted was the top source of lobbying expenditures in 2007 --
largely on the strength of spending by pharmaceutical companies.

"The government hands out a lot of money, and sometimes to get it ... there's a
perceived need that you have to hire a lobbyist," he said.

Christopher Snowbeck can be reached at 651-228-5479.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              327 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             April 18, 2008 Friday
                                  Main Edition

THE MERGER OF DELTA AND NORTHWEST;
POWER PITCHERS;
Delta hires big names to soothe the doubters in Washington and persuade Congress
and the Justice Department to back deal.

BYLINE: JULIA MALONE; Cox Washington Bureau

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1G

LENGTH: 490 words


Washington --- Delta Air Lines has put together a heavyweight team of lobbying
and law firms to help clear the way for its proposed merger with Northwest.

Top executives from both airlines are to launch their campaign in Washington
next week by testifying before two Senate hearings.

But behind the scenes, Delta has recently hired Washington insiders and former
top officials for the dual tasks of winning over Congress and the Justice
Department's anti-trust office.

Among those lined up are two of the best known former lawmakers in the lobbying
world --- Trent Lott of Mississippi, who until recently was the second
highest-ranking Republican senator, and his new lobbying partner, former
Democratic Sen. John Breaux of Louisiana.

Also just signed up by Delta is Mehlman Vogel Castagnetti Inc., a firm packed
with former senior staffers from Capitol Hill and the Bush administration. The
company's lobbying registration form, filed weeks before the merger plan was
announced, said it would lobby on "airline industry consolidation and
competitiveness."

To steer the merger through the regulatory obstacles, Delta's top executives
told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution this week that they have hired R. Hewitt
Pate, who ran the anti-trust division at the U.S. Justice Department from 2003
to 2005. Pate now heads the "global competition" practice for the Hunton &
Williams law firm.

In addition, Delta's leaders said they have brought in leading anti-trust lawyer
Donald L. Fexner of the firm Boies, Schiller & Flexner LLP.

The expanded team, joining Delta's veteran in-house lobbyist Donald Yohe, will
need to convince the Justice Department that the joining of the two airlines
won't produce a monopoly, since the two companies generally serve different
regions.

On Capitol Hill, their job will be to demonstrate that the public won't suffer
and that the merger is critical to the survival and prosperity of both airlines
during a period of soaring fuel costs and a sagging economy.

The biggest obstacle in sight is the outspoken opposition of Rep. James
Oberstar, the Minnesota Democrat who chairs the House Transportation and
Infrastructure Committee.

Although Congress has no direct role in the merger decision, Oberstar has
pledged to press the Justice Department for "vigorous scrutiny" of the plan,
which would locate the new airline headquarters in Atlanta. Northwest is now
based in Minneapolis.

Northwest's vice president for corporate communications, Tammy Lee, approached
the question of Oberstar's objections with care.

"We are now beginning the public education process," she said. "Lawmakers will
need to understand that we are operating in a very different environment with
oil at $114 a barrel. The old model doesn't work."

She added that a combined airline would provide more assurance that service to
small communities would continue.

Asked if Oberstar would likely be persuaded, she said, "I don't know if I want
to comment on that."

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: KEN CEDENO / Bloomberg NewsDemocrat John Breaux, a former U.S.
senator from Louisiana, is Lott's partner in the Delta effort. The bipartisan
duo, who are among the leading lobbyists in America, are far from being the only
people hired to sell the deal./ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: SUZI ALTMAN / Bloomberg NewsRepublican Trent Lott, who recently resigned
from a U.S. Senate seat in Mississippi to pursue private opportunities, has a
big one now, lobbying for Delta Air Lines as it seeks approval of its merger
with Northwest Airlines./ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              328 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                July 20, 1998, Monday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Prayers seek rain; 110 dead from heat wave

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; IN BRIEF; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 496 words

DATELINE: DALLAS; NEW YORK; WASHINGTON



Farmers on the southern Plains gathered to pray for rain for their withered
crops Sunday in the midst of the heat wave already blamed for 110 deaths in  the
United States, including 43 illegal aliens found dead where they tried to  cross
deserts and open range.

Dallas reached 100 degrees by early afternoon, the city's 14th straight day  of
triple-digit temperatures, and highs were forecast to hit 100 or more at  least
through Wednesday across much of the southern Plains.

It's the worst summer heat wave for Texas since 1980, when the state had 42
consecutive days of 100-degree temperatures.

On the Plains north of Texas, at least one church made a change in Sunday's
service to follow Oklahoma Gov. Frank Keating's suggestion that everyone in  his
state pray for rain. State officials estimated that the heat and drought  have
cost that state's farmers and ranchers at least $ 2-billion.

Indians' lobbying bill:

$ 5-million in 1997

  American Indian tribes reported spending $ 5-million last year on lobbying
Congress and the executive branch, a computerized analysis by the Associated
Press of lobbying disclosure reports found. The Mississippi Band of Choctaw
alone ran up a $ 1.1-million bill.

"I learned that from the white man," said Choctaw Chief Phillip Martin.  "If you
want support you're going to have to make friends."

The 60 tribes that reported lobbying expenses had significant financial  stakes
on several issues before Congress. Eight tribes, mostly small bands  with major
gambling and business interests, accounted for more than half the  lobbying
expenditures. Some of the nation's largest and poorest tribes spent  little or
nothing.

Florida's Seminoles, which spent $ 420,000 on lobbyists, want federal
legislative help in their battle with state officials to expand gambling
operations and win other favors.

Paula Jones has nose job,

newspapers report

  NEW YORK - Paula Jones, who sued President Clinton for sexual harassment,
underwent rhinoplasty at the Park Avenue office of plastic surgeon Dr. Thomas
Loeb, two New York newspapers reported Sunday.

The New York Post and Daily News said Jones was seen leaving Loeb's office
Saturday morning with her nose heavily bandaged; it should take about three
weeks to heal. It's unclear who paid for the $ 9,000 surgery.

Elsewhere . . .

 + NEW YORK - A year to the day after their plight was discovered, 37 deaf
Mexicans who had lived as indentured slaves peddling trinkets in subways were
taken Sunday to a city-owned shelter.

+ WASHINGTON - A Senate vote on James Hormel to be the nation's first  openly
gay ambassador is "not practical" this year, Senate Majority Leader  Trent Lott
said Sunday.  Lott, R-Miss., who opposes Hormel's nomination to be  ambassador
to Luxembourg, told Fox News Sunday that the Senate must  concentrate on passing
fiscal 1999 spending bills.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              329 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 30, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

First lady vows to fight for health care

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 385 words



Hillary Rodham Clinton, in an emotional speech to medical students, promised
Thursday not to give up the fight for universal health coverage. "We've had some
rough spots on the road, but this journey is far from over," she said at George
Washington University School of Medicine. "The future of this country, not just
our health care system, depends upon us continuing our journey toward universal
coverage," she said during her first extended comments since Monday's
declaration by Democratic leaders that health-care reform is dead this year.

LOBBYING REFORM ADVANCES: The House voted to end the practice of lobbyists
buying meals and entertainment for members of Congress, part of the most
sweeping rewrite of lobbying laws in nearly half a century. In approving the
reform bill, House members rejected last-minute arguments from conservative
Christian groups that it would infringe on their rights to lobby Congress on
moral issues by requiring them to report grass-roots lobbying activities. The
Senate still must act on the bill.

YELTSIN VISIT: Russian President Boris Yeltsin took a whirlwind trip of Seattle
as he ended a five-day visit to the USA. He toured a Boeing plant and met with a
U.S. family.

SECRET BUILDING: The CIA and Pentagon say they've found no evidence that
Congress was intentionally misled about a super-secret spy satellite
headquarters in Virginia. But the vast, $ 310 million project is far larger than
needed for the 2,900 employees of the National Reconnaissance Office. So they'll
move up to 1,000 other government employees into the new office campus outside
Washington. And, now that it's no longer hush-hush, they'll stop paying state
and local taxes to maintain the cover-up.

DEFENSE BILL PASSES: Congress gave final approval to a $ 244 billion defense
bill that gently trims President Clinton's spending plans while financing a new
aircraft carrier and reviving a retired spy plane, the SR-71 Blackbird. The bill
is $ 822 million less than what Clinton requested, and is $ 3.5 billion more
than this year's defense budget.

MINING REFORM DIES: Negotiators ended what was seen as the closest Congress has
come to reforming the 1872 law on mining of gold, silver and other metals on
public lands. Expected to be OK'd: a mining patent moratorium.

LOAD-DATE: October 01, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, USA TODAY

WASHINGTON AND THE WORLD; WASHINGTON

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              330 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           February 5, 1998 Thursday

LAW FIRM GETS BIG BUCKS FROM ST. PAUL FOR LOBBYING

BYLINE: Virginia Rybin, Staff Writer

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 553 words


The city of St. Paul paid $127,500 last year to the law firm of Joe O'Neill,
former chairman of the RiverCentre Authority, for lobbying aimed at getting $65
million from the state for a new arena.

The total is higher than nearly all payments made to individuals or lobbying
firms by Minnesota local governments in 1996, the latest year for which figures
are available.

It also is nearly three times the amount the city of Minneapolis is paying to a
firm for the effort to get $87 million for its Convention Center. Minneapolis,
however, spends more than St. Paul on all lobbying by staff members and firms on
contract.

Andrea Hart Kajer, Minneapolis governmental relations director, said the city
paid $45,000 in 1997 to the law firm of McGrann, Shea, Franzen, Carnival,
Straughn and Lamb to seek the Convention Center money.

Kajer and spokesmen for Hennepin and Ramsey counties said the three governments
have lump-sum, rather than hourly, contracts with outside lobbyists. The 1997
contracts with O'Neill's firm were hourly, although they contained maximums.

"I thought it was reasonable," former Deputy Mayor Tim Marx said of the contract
he negotiated with O'Neill, Grills & O'Neill. "It is obviously under very unique
and special circumstances."

Mayor Norm Coleman asked O'Neill to do the lobbying. "Joe O'Neill is the right
person to lobby the state," Coleman said. "He is Mr. St. Paul, Mr. Civic Center,
Mr. Hockey. ... The citizens of this town get great value."

Coleman said the $45,000 spent by the city of Minneapolis is not the only
lobbying for the Convention Center. While this is true, Greg Ortale, president
of the Greater Minneapolis Convention and Visitors Association, said the other
contract is not publicly funded. The association is coordinating an alliance of
businesses, show producers and other private sources who contributed to pay
$45,000 this year and $40,000 in 1997 to the law firm of Messerli and Kramer,
Ortale said.

Coleman said O'Neill, a former state legislator, is uniquely qualified to seek
the arena money because of his lobbying and legislative experience, and his
familiarity with RiverCentre.

He was chairman of the volunteer board that runs the facility (formerly called
the Civic Center) from August 1991 until February 1997, when he resigned and
accepted the lobbying job. In 1993, O'Neill lobbied as a volunteer when the
citygot approval for a sales tax to pay for the RiverCentre Convention Center.

According to a state auditor's report, 80 local governments in Minnesota spent
$2.2 million lobbying the state Legislature in 1996, down from $2.5 million in
1995.

O'Neill's firm also is representing St. Paul in the 1998 Legislature in a
continuing quest for the $65 million. O'Neill said that lobbying contract has
not been signed, but he expects it will be, for the same hourly rates.

Those rates have been $150 an hour for work by O'Neill and attorney Peter Grills
and $125 an hour to the law firm for work by other lobbyists. O'Neill said his
usual hourly lobbying fee is $200 to $250.

O'Neill said his firm gave up $9,000 in hourly billings for work during last
year's regular session ending in May and waived another $16,000 in hourly
billings for the special sessions.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic: Pioneer Press
1996 local government costs for state lobbying for selected cities and
counties in Minnesota
Source: State Auditor's Office
[Complete graphic available on microfilm.]

                     Copyright 1998 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                             August 12, 2013 Monday

Central Basin Municipal Water District Committee again calls for restart on
state lobbying contracts

BYLINE: By Mike Sprague, SGVN twitter.com/WhitReporter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 338 words


COMMERCE - A Central Basin Municipal Water District board committee has voted to
restart the process of hiring a state lobbyist.

But a key difference is the makeup of the Communications Committee which has
changed since the group first vote in July to reverse a May board decision to
hire two lobbyists.

Director Leticia Vasquez on Monday voted to support starting over again despite
having voted to hire two state lobbying firms at a cost of $316,000 in May.

Vasquez was absent from the July 3 committee meeting when directors Robert
Apodaca and James Roybal voted to reverse a May 20 board action to hire
Political Solutions of Sacramento and Los Angeles-based Tres Es Consulting,
which is led by former state Sen. Richard Polanco, D-Los Angeles.

Apodaca, who provided the second vote Monday, and Roybal were on the losing end
of the 3-2 vote in May to hire the firms.

Vasquez said she changed her mind because of hearing concerns from Roybal.

"The process was a point of contention for one of my colleagues," she said. "We
need to make sure we're following the process. When we put something out to bid,
we need to be fair with everyone."

Roybal had complained the district sought bids for a state lobbying contract but
when it came to the board in May, the proposal was to hire two firms also to
handle local and federal lobbying issues.

And the cost was nearly double what the district spent in the previous year, he
said.

The committee asked district staff to provide information on what other
neighboring water districts spend.

It also wants the board to weigh in on whether contracts for local and federal
lobbying should be sought as part of the process.

The full board is expected to take up the recommendation at its Aug. 26 meeting.

Joseph Legaspi, district spokesman, said a new state lobbying contract could be
awarded by December.

The district's contract with Golden State Advocacy for state lobbying services
will expire as of Sept. 30. By waiting until December to hire a lobbyist, the
district could save $97,500, Legaspi said.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 11, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Nofziger Jury Starts Debate on Whether He Broke Ethics Law

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 23, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 254 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 10


A jury began deliberations today in the Federal ethics trial of Lyn Nofziger,
the former White House political director who is accused of unlawfully lobbying
on behalf of the Wedtech Corporation and other private clients in 1982.

Federal District Judge Thomas A. Flannery dismissed the jury for the day shortly
before 6 P.M., after it had spent six hours reviewing the case without reaching
a verdict. The judge instructed the jurors to resume deliberations on Thursday.

Judge Flannery sent the case to the jury shortly before noon after reading a
lengthy list of instructions regarding the indictment against Mr. Nofziger and
Mark A. Bragg, his lobbying partner.

The indictment accuses Mr. Nofziger of violating the Ethics in Government Act of
1978, which forbids former senior officials from lobbying their old colleagues
within a year after leaving the Government. Mr. Bragg is accused of one count of
aiding and abetting Mr. Nofziger in his lobbying efforts.

Mr. Nofziger is the first person to be prosecuted under the act. One charge
accuses him of writing an April 1982 memo on Wedtech's behalf to Edwin Meese 3d,
the Attorney General, who was then a Presidential counselor.

After the White House interceded, Wedtech was awarded a $32 million small-engine
contract from the Army. The Bronx-based company, now being reorganized in a
Federal bankruptcy proceeding, is at the center of a continuing investigation
into influence peddling and bribery in connection with its efforts to obtain
Government contracts.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              333 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           February 22, 2007 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Lobbying restrictions are ineffectual, critics say

BYLINE: Matt Kelley

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 643 words


When he was fighting to keep his Senate seat last year, Montana Republican
Conrad Burns proposed a commission to study whether to extend the one-year
"cooling-off period" before former lawmakers can lobby their old colleagues.

"Congress is not for sale," Burns declared in a news release last year.

After his defeat in November, Burns joined a lobbying firm as an adviser to
clients.

Critics of the connection between Capitol Hill and lobbying firms say Burns'
case shows the shortcomings of the rules. Although former lawmakers cannot lobby
members of Congress or their staff, they can lobby executive branch officials
and direct a firm's congressional lobbying efforts.

"It's a completely ineffectual restriction on the revolving door," said Craig
Holman of the left-leaning watchdog group Public Citizen, which found that 18
members of Congress who left office in 2004 had lobbying jobs by July 2005.

Burns did not return calls seeking comment.

The Senate passed a bill last month that would extend the lobbying ban to two
years and prohibit ex-lawmakers from all lobbying-related activities during that
time.

The sponsor of the provision, Sen. Russ Feingold, D-Wis., says former members of
Congress give their clients a "leg up" as they try to influence decision-making.

"We have a so-called cooling-off period, which basically has become a
'warming-up' period," Feingold said during Senate debate. Sen. Bob Bennett,
R-Utah, called the proposal "silly" and "the idea of the revolving door vastly
overrated."

The House of Representatives is considering making the two-year requirement part
of a lobbying bill being drafted by Democratic leaders, said Nick Papas, a
spokesman for House Democrats. That bill is likely to be introduced next week.

The bills would have to be reconciled in a conference committee.

Former lawmakers are valuable to lobbying firms because of their inside
knowledge and contacts.

Curt Weldon, who was the No. 2 Republican on the House Armed Services Committee,
developed an expertise on defense issues that will serve him well in his new job
as chief strategic officer of Defense Solutions, a firm based in his home state
of Pennsylvania.

"Since he's such a national security expert, he clearly knows the direction the
Defense Department is going with its procurement and acquisition programs," said
the firm's CEO, Timothy Ringgold.

One of Defense Solutions' executive consultants is retired rear admiral William
Retz, who was the first director of the Center for Rotorcraft Innovation, which
Weldon took credit for creating in 2004 with $2.5 million in federal money.
Weldon also took credit last year for getting $4 million for the center, which
was in his district. Weldon received at least $22,500 for last year's election
from executives and political committees of Defense Solutions clients.

Retz and Weldon did not return calls seeking comment.

Burns became a senior adviser last month at Gage, a lobbying firm founded by his
former chief of staff, Leo Giacometto. That firm and the millions of federal
dollars Burns helped direct to its clients were the focus of campaign attacks
that contributed to Burns' election defeat.

Last year, Burns' Democratic opponent, Jon Tester, signed a pledge to not accept
gifts from lobbyists and to ban former staffers from lobbying his office. He
signed the pledge outside the Inland Northwest Space Alliance (INSA), a
University of Montana spinoff funded by federal money secured by Burns when he
was a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee.

The university and INSA paid Gage more than $120,000 in 2004 and 2005. INSA also
gave a $270,000 contract to Compressus, which paid Gage about $700,000.

Employees and political committees of Gage and its clients made $80,000 in
donations to Burns for the 2006 election, records show.

Contributing: Fredreka Schouten in Washington

*Lawmakers and lobbyists, 1A

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Stephen Brashear, Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              334 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            August 28, 2008 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Congress' newest lawmakers find no lack of parties;
Critics say events violate the spirit of ethics rules

BYLINE: Ken Dilanian and Fredreka Schouten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 591 words


DENVER -- First-term Democrats, who were swept into Congress in the 2006
elections on a campaign against Republican lobbying-related scandals, were among
the most vocal backers of the new ethics law passed last year.

Now, many of them are here at the Democratic National Convention, where the
calendar is chockablock with receptions paid for by corporations, unions and
others with important business before Congress. The parties are legal, as long
as they fit a set of exceptions to the rules banning members from accepting
gifts and meals from lobbying groups, including that the food is eaten standing
up or that the event is raising money for charity.

Freshman Rep. Steve Cohen of Tennessee, who won his 2006 race in a landslide,
said he has attended many functions, including a Tuesday invitation-only
Huffington Post party where he sat at the same table as comedian Chevy Chase.

"I think when the thing is over I'll hardly remember who sponsored the events,"
he said. "I don't think it affects anybody's vote."

Although lawmakers such as Cohen insist attending parties won't influence how
they vote in Congress, that doesn't mean there won't be a political price for a
freshman filmed munching on jumbo shrimp while mingling with lobbyists.

"My judgment is that members should be very careful before they attend an event
because of the implications and how it can be used politically," Rep. Chris Van
Hollen of Maryland, who runs the committee charged with helping to win more
Democratic House seats, told USA TODAY this week.

Among the most closely watched events of the four-day convention: a Wednesday
townhouse reception organized by a Washington lobbying firm, Parven Pomper
Strategies, and sponsored by Visa, U.S. Bank and other financial institutions.
It was billed as honoring the Democratic freshman class.

Parven Pomper represents Visa in Washington, lobbying records show, and also
chemical maker Monsanto; oil giant Chevron; and the Pharmaceutical Research and
Manufacturers of America, the drug industry lobby. Parven partners did not
return repeated phone messages.

Invited guests trickled into a brick building in downtown Denver for the party
Wednesday afternoon. Two women with guest lists refused to talk with a reporter,
saying they were not authorized to speak. They would not give their names.

Campaign-finance watchdog Fred Wertheimer of Democracy 21 criticized the event
as violating "the spirit of the new House ethics rule."

The ethics rules, which were enacted after the conviction of former lobbyist
Jack Abramoff, make it illegal for members to attend events sponsored by
companies, unions or lobbyists that honor a single member. To the chagrin of
Democracy 21 and other watchdog groups, the House ethics panel is allowing
attendance at parties honoring a group of members. The Senate Ethics Committee
did not agree with that interpretation, so senators operate under tighter rules.

Rep. Joe Sestak of Pennsylvania, who faces a tough election fight in a heavily
Republican district, said he came to the convention to cast his vote as a
delegate. "I won't go to any receptions," he said. "It's not that it's right or
wrong, it's just that I don't have the time for that."

Rep. John Sarbanes of Maryland didn't rule out going to any event.

"Look, you're never going to keep these lobbyists-players out of the equation
completely," he said. "But what you can do is to make sure that there is a lot
of transparency about how they conduct their business."

The Price of Power is an ongoing series tracking the role of money in politics

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, AP
PHOTO, B/W, Gannett News Service
PHOTO, B/W, Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 8, 2006 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

In Push to Change Lobbying Laws, Fight Looms on Lawmakers' Use of Corporate Jets

BYLINE: By SHERYL GAY STOLBERG

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 956 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 7


Senator Barack Obama flew at least nine times on corporate jets last year,
traveling to fund-raisers in New York and San Francisco, home to Chicago and to
Rosa Parks's funeral in Detroit. Each time, he reimbursed the plane's owners at
first-class rates, as Senate rules require.

But Mr. Obama, freshman Democrat from Illinois, felt queasy about this perk of
Senate life, so he said he gave it up.

''This is an example where appearances matter,'' he said. ''Very few of my
constituents have a chance to travel on a corporate jet.''

As the Senate looks at changes in lobbying laws this week after the Jack
Abramoff scandal, a big fight will be over limiting lawmakers' use of corporate
jets. Critics like Mr. Obama want an end to the practice, or at least
substantial rate increases. Other lawmakers, in both parties, say travel on
corporate planes is necessary in modern politics.

The Abramoff imbroglio spotlighted lobbyist-paid golf excursions to Scotland.
But another kind of travel, on company-owned planes, has long been an open
secret of life here. Lawmakers travel in style at bargain prices without airline
delays and security checks while companies, who often send their lobbyists
along, gain access and a chance to build good will.

''It's an enormous discount for most of these flights, a tiny fraction of what
it actually costs to operate the plane,'' said Norman Ornstein, a scholar at the
American Enterprise Institute who testifies frequently on changing lobbying
laws. ''It leaves when you want to leave. It goes where you want it to go when
you want it to go there. You don't have to go through the normal security, and
you get a lot more than peanuts.''

Candidates spent at least $3.6 million reimbursing corporations for air travel
from 2001 to 2005, according to an analysis made public on Monday by Political
Money Line, an organization that tracks campaign spending. The trips are so
ingrained that last year Representative Tom DeLay of Texas, the former House
Republican leader, was transported to Texas by R. J. Reynolds Tobacco, a
subsidiary of Reynolds American, to his arraignment on charges related to
campaign financing.

''It's not only a perk,'' Senator Russell D. Feingold, Democrat of Wisconsin,
said, ''but a serious abuse that should be stopped.''

Mr. Feingold said he always flew on commercial planes.

Mr. Feingold, along with a group that includes Mr. Obama and Senator Rick
Santorum, Republican of Pennsylvania, is calling for measures to require
lawmakers who use corporate jets to pay their share of the cost. Experts say
that could run five times the first-class fare or more. Senators from big states
like California and Alaska or rural states where air travel is sparse say such
an increase would make it next to impossible to see constituents and keep up
with speaking engagements and fund-raising. Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of
California, uses a plane owned by her husband, Richard C. Blum, an investment
banker, and reimburses him.

''I flew from Colorado to L.A. to San Diego to San Francisco to Sacramento, back
to L.A., to San Bernardino and back to San Francisco,'' Ms. Feinstein said of a
week's itinerary.

An opponent of the increase, she said: ''I couldn't do it. It's too expensive.''

Not every lawmaker has access to a family-owned plane. Most turn to companies
for help. Mr. Obama flew twice last year on jets owned by Archer Daniels
Midland, the agricultural giant. The Political Money Line analysis found US
Tobacco, Federal Express and Baron & Budd, a Texas law firm whose founder, Fred
Baron, is a major Democratic fund-raiser, were the top three recipients of
reimbursement for corporate travel.

A spokesman for US Tobacco, Mike Bazinet, said that it received more requests
for planes than it could fulfill and that it generally sent a representative on
the flights. A spokeswoman for Federal Express, Kristin Krause, said it was
policy to do just that. Ms. Krause rejected the notion that FedEx lobbyists had
undue access.

''When a member of Congress is on a trip and has to go somewhere,'' she said,
''they do not want to talk to anybody on the airplane. They get on the airplane
and they either read or sleep or they talk to their staff person. They don't
want to talk to anybody from FedEx.''

Regulations on corporate jets date from 30 years ago, when the first campaign
finance laws passed after the Watergate scandal, said Kenneth A. Gross, a
Washington lawyer who advises corporations on complying with campaign finance
laws.

If the travel is campaign related, the Federal Election Commission requires
reimbursement at first-class rates when a commercial airline serves the
destination. If there is no commercial service, reimbursement is at charter
rates, which could be far higher. The Senate and House have rules that are
similar but not identical to those of the commission.

Some lawmakers like Senator Saxby Chambliss, Republican of Georgia, say the
answer is simple -- disclosure.

''The way you get there is less important than what you do while you're there,''
said Mr. Chambliss, who spent more on corporate jet travel than any other
incumbent senator, the Political Money Line said.

Mr. Chambliss said he never spoke to a lobbyist ''about any particular issue''
on his trips, and Mr. Obama's aides said no lobbyist had ever flown with him on
a private flight.

But Mr. Obama, who said he had never been on a corporate jet before becoming a
senator, said he had come to view corporate jets as a way to circumvent the
limits on so-called soft money campaign contributions.

''I said to my staff, 'We may be following the rules but it's hard for me to
reconcile this,' '' he said.

Asked how he gets around now, he said, ''Commercial, baby.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: March 13, 2006



CORRECTION: An article on Wednesday about lobby reform efforts in the Senate
that would limit lawmakers' use of corporate jets reported an incorrect ranking,
from the Political Money Line, for the travel expenses of Senator Saxby
Chambliss, Republican of Georgia. He ranked third -- not first -- among current
senators who reimbursed companies for jet travel from 2001 through 2005. (The
majority leader, Bill Frist, Republican of Tennessee, spent the most, followed
by Senator Joseph I. Lieberman, Democrat of Connecticut.) The Political Money
Line issued a correction on Thursday.

GRAPHIC: Photo: Senator Barack Obama, who stopped flying on corporate jets.
(Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              336 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Cuomo backers top lobby spending list

BYLINE: BY Kenneth Lovett

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 248 words


ALBANY - A group formed to push Gov. Cuomo's agenda has far outspent every other
lobbying group in the state this year, a new report found.

The business-backed Committee To Save New York spent just under $10 million
through October - $3 million more than the powerful health care lobby, the
NYPIRG study showed.

The spending spree was an odd twist, the report states, because in the past,
"the state's top spending interest groups typically ran campaigns opposing the
governor's budget proposals."

All told, a whopping $187.6 million was spent on lobbying in the first 10 months
of the year - $26 million shy of the full-year record set last year, the report
found.

Walmart, which is fighting to open a store in New York City, had the
fourth-highest lobbying bill at $2.7 million, the first time the company cracked
New York's top 10.

And five groups lobbying in advance of the passage of the gay marriage bill -
three supporting the measure and two opposed - cracked the top 100 in lobbying
expenses.

One of them,

New Yorkers United for Marriage, spent $1.9 million backing the bill, the
fifth-highest amount this year.

The National Organization For Marriage, which fought the measure, ranked 15th,
with $832,505 in lobbying expenses.

Other notable big-spenders on lobbying this year include the state teachers
union, which laid out $4.1 million; the city teachers union, which plunked down
$1.2 million; and Genting, the operator of the new Aqueduct racetrack racino in
Queens, which spent $774,475.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Daily News, L.P.


                              337 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 10, 1992, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Foreign lobbying ban a Perot legacy

BYLINE: Richard Benedetto

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 391 words


Thanks in large part to Ross Perot, President-elect Clinton will forbid his top
appointees from ever taking jobs as foreign lobbyists once they leave office.

Perot, in a paid TV ad during the campaign, referred to the now-common practice
of ex-government officials cashing in by taking jobs lobbying for overseas
governments or companies as ''economic treason.''

Coming in an age when the U.S. economy is increasingly beset by foreign
competition, Perot opened the eyes of voters and helped force Clinton to act
boldly.

About 800 people are registered with the government as foreign lobbyists, many
receiving six- and seven-figure fees.

While some say the new rules don't go far enough because they apply to only the
top one-third of Clinton's appointees, others say they're a move in the right
direction.

''Someone given over to government service, and receiving its benefits, should
retain some allegiance to the American government and the American people,''
says Phyllis Zagano, a Boston University communications professor who
specializes in ethics questions.

She notes that foreign lobbying isn't illegal, but conflicts of interest may
arise when former federal officials ''sell'' the expertise they've gained to
work for foreign governments.

Both the Bush and Clinton campaigns had advisers who also represented foreign
clients. They included James Lake and Charles Black for Bush; Anne Wexler and
Tom Hoog for Clinton. None are former federal employees.

Nonetheless, Perot said the practice was akin to ''having Russian spies in the
middle of a presidential campaign during the Cold War.''

Black, a partner in an Alexandria, Va., firm that lobbies for Kenya, Nigeria and
political factions in Angola and the Philippines, says it's ''demagogic to jump
to the conclusion that it's against U.S. interests to have foreign interests.''

He agrees U.S. trade negotiators shouldn't turn around and go to work for the
other side. But he says a lifetime ban on foreign lobbying is ''excessive.''

Lake says the lifetime ban would make it tough for Clinton to attract qualified
people. Hoog and Wexler did not return phone calls.

Sen. Carl Levin, D-Mich., ''applauds'' the new Clinton rules but will continue
his fight to close loopholes in existing lobbying laws.

''They're as toothless as a Halloween pumpkin,'' he says.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Steve Jaffe, Reuters

CUTLINE: PEROT: Called lobbying for foreigners 'economic treason.'

WASHINGTON AND THE WORLD

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              338 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            January 6, 2009 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

DiMasi expects to retain speaker's post;
Probe of associates won't hurt, he says

BYLINE: John J. Monahan, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: NEW ENGLAND; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 572 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


House Speaker Salvatore F. DiMasi yesterday predicted a series of investigations
into lobbying irregularities involving several close associates, and his
influence on legislation that benefited them, will not stand in the way of his
re-election to a third two-year term as House leader.

Mr. DiMasi, D-Boston, who has not been accused of wrongdoing in the lobbying
investigations, has claimed he did nothing improper and always acted in the best
interest of the state.

A state and a federal grand jury are reportedly investigating unreported
lobbying and commissions paid to lobbyists close to Mr. DiMasi involving a $13
million computer software contract, as well as alleged illegal lobbying and
conflicts of interest involving legislation backed by the speaker to change
ticket scalping laws. The changes in the law were sought by ticket brokers who
hired Mr. DiMasi's accountant to lobby for the bill.

That accountant, Richard Vitale, a former DiMasi campaign chairman, as well as
his company WN Advisors, were set to be arraigned yesterday in Suffolk Superior
Court on charges of numerous violations of state lobbying and campaign finance
laws, in connection with the investigation.

That arraignment and the filing of criminal complaint details by the attorney
general, however, were postponed yesterday with Mr. Vitale's lawyer claiming the
details of the criminal charges should be sealed from public view.

Mr. Vitale was indicted last month on charges of failing to file timely lobbying
registration statements for 2007 and 2008, making an illegal agreement for
compensation contingent on the passage of legislation and four counts of making
campaign contributions in excess of the $200 maximum per year for legislative
agents.

While that could delay further disclosures in the case at least until after the
House speaker faces re-election to the leadership post tomorrow, Mr. DiMasi also
recently won a minor court victory in connection with the lobbying
investigations being conducted by the state Ethics Commission.

The Ethics Commission had filed suit against Mr. DiMasi over his refusal to turn
over records to the commission, but the seaker had claimed the records fell
under legislative protections written into the state constitution. Mr. DiMasi
said the dismissal of the case last week by the commission was based on his
claims of legislative privilege.

"The Ethics Commission has agreed there is a privilege," protecting lawmakers
and their papers from investigations such as its probe, he said. "I am very
gratified about the dismissal of that case and it shows I am in compliance with
the requests by the Ethics Commission."

Answering a question that has rattled around the Statehouse for most of the last
year, Mr. DiMasi told reporters yesterday afternoon he plans to be re-elected as
speaker . "I expect to have overwhelming support from a vast majority of my
members," Mr. DiMasi said.

"I feel pretty good about my re-election. I'm very gratified by the support my
members have indicated to me in the past and have indicated they will give to me
on Wednesday," Mr. DiMasi said.

The speaker was not so hopeful about the decisions facing the Legislature
because of faltering state revenues and a bad economy. "Believe me this is not
an easy time. This is a difficult time for us to serve. We are in the greatest
financial crisis this country has seen since the Depression and we are going to
have to deal with that," he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 5, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

What's New in Lobbying;
LAWYERS NEED NOT APPLY

BYLINE: By David Shribman

SECTION: Section 3; Page 15, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 396 words


In the past, high-powered Washington law firms did a good deal of high-powered
Washington lobbying. And the work was done e - not surprisingly - by lawyers.
But now, with increasing frequency, some of the city's major firms are hiring
professional lobbyists, who are not also professional lawyers.

This new breed of lobbyist almost always comes to the office suite with
experience on Capitol Hill and with family, personal or professional connections
with Congress, the White House or the various departments and agencies scattered
about Washington.

Although much of the work of lobbyists involves the effort to influence laws,
formal legal training, it seems, is not necessary.  ''To do lobbying and to deal
effectively with Congress, you don't have to be a lawyer,'' asserted William T.
Murphy Jr., the son of a former Illinois Congressman.

Mr. Murphy, who is 41 years old, joined the law firm of Dickstein, Shapiro &
Morin last year after serving as vice president for Federal affairs for the
American Natural Resources Company, a natural gas, synthetic fuel, coal and
truck company. He is concentrating on tax legislation, banking, energy,
telecommunications and defense issues.

''In legal work in Washington, it's not just the legal brief and it's not just
the hearing before the administrative agency that counts,'' said James H. Lake,
a former Reagan campaign aide who is now with the law firm of Heron, Burchette,
Ruckert & Rothwell. ''It's all of the resources that go to solving problems. And
in Washington, that means politics.''

Before joining the law firm, Mr. Lake, who is 46, was a Congressional aide, a
Deputy Assistant Secretary of Agriculture in the Nixon Administration and
director of the Washington office of the State of California when Mr. Reagan was
Governor.

Mr. Lake handled the firm's effort to help the financial futures industry resist
Reagan Administration attempts to institute a user fee to support the operations
of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. The industry, which argued that
such a fee would have cost it $20 million, prevailed in the struggle. Both
Houses of Congress removed the item from their bills to reauthorize the
commission.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              340 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             March 30, 2014 Sunday

Dubuque spends $17,000 on lobbying

BYLINE: ERIN MURPHY TH staff writer emurphy@wcinet.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 628 words


Lobbying expenditures for fiscal year 2013 Dubuque: $17,712** Waterloo: $4,346
Iowa City: $61,200* Cedar Rapids: $94,925 * Iowa City totals include some
estimates ** Total does not include dues paid to organizations that lobby on
members' behalf Sources: Officials with each city

The city of Dubuque spent in the ballpark of $17,000 each of the past two years
lobbying state and federal lawmakers.

The city official who takes the lead on those efforts said they are critical to
ensure those lawmakers remember Dubuque when forming policy and distributing
funds.

Dubuque's spending is significantly less than two other large eastern Iowa
cities, though Dubuque's total is poised to swell this year with a $25,000
contract related to lobbying against greyhound racing.

Dubuque Assistant City Manager Teri Goodmann said it is critical to engage
lawmakers and develop relationships so the city can benefit. Goodmann is the
city's de facto chief lobbyist, although other officials, including City Manager
Mike Van Milligen, occasionally advocate to lawmakers as well.

"Those relationships are paramount in achieving cities' goals and objectives,"
Goodmann said. "Relationships count, we maintain them at all levels of
government. "¦ "I think advocacy is essential for success."

Dubuque spent $17,712 directly advocating on legislation and lobbying for
funding in fiscal year 2013. Among eastern Iowa's other largest cities, only
Waterloo spent less.

Cedar Rapids spent $94,925 in fiscal year 2013 and Iowa City more than $61,000.
Those cities pay significant annual fees to lobbyists or firms.

For example, Cedar Rapids spent $17,425 in fiscal year 2013 on city officials'
lobbying trips to Washington, D.C., and Des Moines. That is almost identical to
what Dubuque spent lobbying that year.

But Cedar Rapids also paid $77,500 to a pair of lobbying and consulting firms.

Dubuque does not hire a lobbyist or firm annually, although it has hired one to
work on specific state legislation in each of the past three years.

In each of the past three years, Dubuque also hired a lobbyist to represent the
city on a specific issue in the Iowa Legislature. In 2011, it was a
flood-mitigation bill; in 2012, funding for the Dubuque Regional Airport traffic
control tower; and in 2013, legislation to end greyhound racing at Mystique
Casino.

In 2011 and 2012, that extra help cost the city $7,500 each. This year the tab
is $25,000.

The flood mitigation and greyhound racing legislation are examples of the city
advocating for policy.

"People who think we only go to the state or the federal government for money
are mistaken. Policy is the other prime mover," Goodman said.

Eastern Iowa's largest cities - including Dubuque - also are dues-paying members
to groups like Iowa League of Cities and Metro Coalition. Those organizations
also advocate on their members' behalf.

Dubuque's annual dues to such groups is roughly $18,000, which is in addition to
the $17,000-plus spent on direct lobbying.

Goodmann said those efforts and those relationships have paid huge dividends for
Dubuque. She points to the $246 million in state and federal funding allocated
to Dubuque projects in 2013.

Those partnerships and relationships are important to the process of
representative government, said U.S. Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa. He said
representatives from many Iowa cities, including Dubuque, make an annual trip to
Washington, D.C., to meet with the state's congressional delegation. He
encourages that active dialogue, he said.

"It's very important for me to listen to the grass-roots," Grassley said in a
statement emailed to TH Media. "I want public policies that create an
environment for economic opportunity, and I appreciate those who are working for
economic development in their home communities."

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 3, 1997, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Giuliani Proposes Requiring Prompt and Public Reports From Lobbyists

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 486 words


Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani announced yesterday that he would present legislation
to the City Council to strengthen disclosure rules for lobbyists in New York
City, requiring them to file prompt and detailed reports about their activities.
The reports would then be quickly posted on the city's Internet site.

The proposal would make the city's disclosure rules for lobbyists among the
strictest in the nation, but it falls far short of the Mayor's promise earlier
this year to find a way to ban or sharply restrict lobbying. The legislation
does not appear to change the regulations governing what types of lobbying of
the municipal government are permissible.

Mr. Giuliani first said he wanted to banish lobbyists after he came under heavy
criticism for the activities of two members of his kitchen cabinet, Raymond B.
Harding and Herman Badillo, who lobbied his administration on behalf of various
clients even as they served as prominent unpaid mayoral advisers. The law firm
led by the two men has rapidly gained lobbying clients since Mr. Giuliani took
office in 1994, though Mr. Harding and Mr. Badillo have temporarily suspended
their lobbying.

The proposed legislation would require lobbyists to file reports with the City
Clerk's office within two business days of being hired by a client or of
engaging in any lobbying activities. Under current law, lobbyists are required
to file quarterly reports, which usually include scant information about their
activities. The reports are only available at the City Clerk's office.

Paul A. Crotty, the city's Corporation Counsel, said that after the Mayor asked
him to examine the lobbying law, he determined that restrictions on lobbying
would violate the First Amendment; the city cannot limit the right to seek
advice or legal counsel. Mr. Crotty said that as a result, he focused on
toughening disclosure rules.

Approval by the Democratic-controlled City Council is required for the
legislation to become law, and it received a lukewarm response from Peter F.
Vallone, the Council Speaker. Mr. Vallone said he did not see much improvement
in forcing lobbyists to file disclosure reports within two days, as opposed to
quarterly.

He said he was more interested in writing legislation that would clarify the
distinction between legal work and lobbying.

Some critics of the current law say lobbyists hide their activities by
characterizing them as legal work, which is not subject to disclosure rules.

A spokesman for Ruth W. Messinger, the likely Democratic nominee for Mayor, said
the proposal was meant to be a distraction.

The spokesman, Leland T. Jones, asked why Mr. Giuliani had not supported Ms.
Messinger's call for legislation that would require unpaid mayoral advisers and
leaders of political parties to file the same disclosure reports about their
finances as do top city officials. Mr. Harding is head of the state Liberal
Party.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              342 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             April 23, 2010 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

LOBBY DOUGH SLOWS IN ALBANY - A PINCH

BYLINE: BY KENNETH LOVETT DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 500 words


ALBANY - The economy must be tanking: Big-bucks special interest groups spent
less on lobbying in New York last year.

Special interest spending fell 3.5%, according to an annual report from the
state's Public Integrity Commission yesterday.

It's only the second time since 1978, when lobbying records were first kept,
that total lobbying costs dropped. The last time was nine years ago.

Nobody should worry about lobbyists going hungry, though.

Interest groups dished out a still-whopping $168 million to influence lawmakers.

That's down from the record $174 million reported in 2008, according to the PIC
report.

And the $168 million spent on lobbying is still the third highest total ever.

"They still forked it over, they just didn't fork it over as much," said Blair
Horner of the New York Public Interest Research Group.

And the lobbying fees don't even factor in the large piles of campaign cash many
of the same groups funnel directly to lawmakers, Horner said.

All told, there were 5,887 registered lobbyists last year representing 3,499
clients. Both totals were down from 2008.

No groups spent more than those in the education and health care sectors.

Fighting proposed cuts in school aid and an expansion of charter schools, the
statewide teachers union was its own lobbyist stimulus package - doling out $3.6
million.

And allies in Mayor Bloomberg's push to continue mayoral control over the school
system kicked in $3 million to lobby lawmakers.

Health care interests occupied the three through six spots on the list of
highest lobbying expenses, spending a combined $7.3 million to fight Gov.
Paterson's proposed cuts.

A total of $30.6 million was spent to lobby on health issues, $22.6 million was
handed out for real estate and construction and $13.9 million on education.

The firm belonging to Patricia Lynch, a former top aide to Assembly Speaker
Sheldon Silver (D-Manhattan), represented the most clients: 183.

Lynch's firm took in the second most in lobbying fees - $8.4 million - last
year.

Powerhouse Albany lobbying shop Wilson, Elser, Moskowitz, Edelman & Dicker
continues to be the most lucrative firm in the state.

The firm pulled in $10.9 million last year, a slight uptick from 2008.

"The state Legislature is the focus of a tremendous amount of energy and money
that is used to try and influence public policy," said Susan Lerner, executive
director of Common Cause/New York.

"Even with a small drop last year, this kind of pile-on really reinforces the
public sense that there's no one in Albany listening to the average New Yorker,"
she added. "That is not a good situation."

GRAPHIC: CAPITOL GAINS FROM LOBBIES

The big spenders on Albany lobbying last year:

1. New York State United Teachers: $3.6 million

2. Mayoral Accountability for Student Success: $3 million

3. Greater New York Hospital Association/1199 SEIU's Healthcare Education
Project: $2.3 million

4. Healthcare Association of New York State: $1.8 million

5. Greater New York Hospital Association: $1.76 million

klovett@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC;INFOGRAPHIC;LIST

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Daily News, L.P.


                              343 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           February 5, 2004 Thursday

Lobbying trip continues despite ricin scare; Meeting sites change in D.C. for
Dubuque group

BYLINE: M.D. KITTLE

SECTION: Events; Pg. a1

LENGTH: 481 words


The mood was relaxed but determined Wednesday night in Washington, D.C., as a
Dubuque group mixed with congressional staffers and shrugged off a ricin scare
that prompted the shutdown of Senate offices.

No worries, said Dubuque County Supervisor Jim Waller.

"At my age, I quit worrying about it. What's going to happen is going to
happen," said Waller, among nearly 50 Dubuque-area officials taking part in the
third annual Dubuque Area Chamber of Commerce Washington, D.C., Legislative
Trip.

The ricin scare did complicate the logistics of the three-day lobbying trip,
which unofficially began Wednesday night. Law enforcement officials closed
Senate buildings Tuesday after a letter sent to Senate Majority Leader Bill
Frist was discovered to contain the deadly toxin.

Constituent mail affected

This week's ricin scare has halted congressional mail.

Constituent mail to Iowa's congressional leaders has been stopped, said Kim
Deti, spokeswoman for Congressman Jim Nussle.

"While the House side has remained open for business, the mail system definitely
has been affected," she said. "There will be delays and there will be some mail
that I suspect we will never see."

Nussle recommended that constituents send e-mails to their legislators for the
most effective communication.

"At this point, we do not know how long our mail may be held," he said.

- M.D. Kittle


Organizers of the Dubuque legislative trip scurried Wednesday to move meetings
originally scheduled to take place at the Dirksen Senate Office Building.

"Congressman (Jim) Nussle secured the group space in the Cannon Building, so
they could meet there," said Kim Deti, spokeswoman for Nussle, R-Iowa. The
Cannon Building, like all other House facilities, remains open.

City Manager Mike Van Milligen said a reception scheduled for this evening also
had to be moved from the Dirksen Building to a hotel.

Jerry Enzler, the executive director of the National Mississippi River Museum,
said authorities have taken the "appropriate precautions."

"It's more of an inconvenience, but it's what our lives are like now that we
live in an age when you have to be more cautious," he said.

Mayor Terry Duggan said the delegation is focused on the intent of the mission -
to personally bring tri-state-area priorities to the attention of congressional
leaders.

"I think it's critical that we're here," he said.

The work begins in earnest today, with a packed schedule. Members of the
delegation this morning will meet with Nussle and have afternoon sessions
planned with Iowa Sens. Charles Grassley and Tom Harkin. The agenda also
includes briefings on congressional appropriations, transportation and homeland
security.

Top Dubuque-area priorities include federal funding for the long-awaited
Southwest Arterial project, the Julien Dubuque Bridge expansion, and U.S. 20
improvements.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              344 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              May 19, 2008 Monday
                                 THIRD EDITION

campaign notebook

BYLINE: FROM NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 533 words


WASHINGTON

McCain aide quits after

lobbying is disclosed

One of John McCain's national finance co-chairmen has stepped down, becoming the
latest adviser to leave the Republican's campaign because of ties to lobbyists.

Former Texas Rep. Thomas G. Loeffler, one of McCain's key fundraisers, resigned
after the campaign last week instructed staff to disclose all lobbying ties and
to make certain they are no longer registered as lobbyists or foreign agents.

Loeffler lobbies for the European Aeronautic Defence and Space Co., which with
Northrop Grumman Corp. won a lucrative contract to provide air refueling tankers
for the Air Force. McCain helped scuttle an earlier contract that would have
gone to a competitor, Boeing Co.

Newsweek reported over the weekend that Loeffler's "lobbying firm has collected
nearly $15 million from Saudi Arabia since 2002 and millions more from other
foreign and corporate interests, including a French aerospace firm seeking
Pentagon contracts."

Lobbying disclosure records also showed that on May 17, 2006, Loeffler listed
meeting McCain along with the Saudi ambassador to "discuss U.S.-Kingdom of Saudi
Arabia relations," even though Loeffler said last month that he had not
discussed his clients with McCain, Newsweek said.

GRESHAM, ORE.

Obama attacks McCain over Social Security

Democrat Barack Obama told seniors Sunday that Republican John McCain would
threaten the Social Security that they and millions like them depend on because
he supports privatizing the program.

Later he held a spectacular outdoor rally at a sun-splashed scene on the banks
of the Willamette River in Portland, Ore., with more than 65,000 cheering
backers. Obama is expected to win Tuesday's Democratic primary in Oregon.

In his appearance before about 130 people at an assisted living facility, Obama
said McCain would push to raise the retirement age for collecting Social
Security benefits or trim annual cost-of-living increases. Obama has rejected
both ideas as solutions to the funding crisis projected for Social Security in
favor of making higher-income workers pay more into the system.

McCain spokesman Tucker Bounds said McCain "has been clear about his belief that
we must fix Social Security for future generations and keep our promises to
today's retirees, but raising taxes should not be the answer to every problem."

BOWLING GREEN, KY.

Clinton enjoys fourth day stumping in Kentucky

Hillary Rodham Clinton campaigned Sunday in Kentucky - for the fourth straight
day - ahead of a Democratic primary Tuesday she is expected to win. Her campaign
events have had a simple feel, with speeches at street fairs, in parking lots or
on the grassy lawns of college campuses.

Clinton acknowledged she was in a one-sided war for votes in the state. "My
opponent said the other day he wasn't coming back, so I've got the whole state
to myself," Clinton said Sunday at an outdoor rally in Bowling Green. "What a
treat!"

Clinton has continued to make the case that she is a better candidate than
Obama, delivering a stump speech in Bowling Green that highlighted familiar
points: that she will be ready on Day 1, will be a more capable commander in
chief, and is more experienced in foreign policy matters.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 16, 2012 Monday
                                 Every Edition

Washington to New York City in 60 minutes by train

BYLINE: Catherine Ho

SECTION: Pg. A11

LENGTH: 755 words


A small privately owned Washington company is lobbying to develop a high-speed
rail system that would take passengers from the District to Baltimore in 15
minutes and to New York in an hour.

The Northeast Maglev, a downtown D.C. firm with 30 employees, is working with
Central Japan Railway Co. - which operates the Shinkansen bullet train in Japan
- to develop a maglev network that would connect Washington and New York, with
stops in Baltimore, Wilmington and Philadelphia, including BWI Airport,
Philadelphia International Airport and Newark Liberty International Airport.
Eventually, the company wants to extend the line to Boston.

Trains that use maglev technology, or magnetic levitation, typically travel
faster than traditional rail - Shanghai's maglev train runs at an average of at
least 139 miles per hour, compared to Acela Express that runs at an average 84
miles per hour. The only commercial maglev lines are in Aichi, Japan, and
Shanghai. Maglev vehicles are suspended above the track and use magnetic
propulsion.

The project is unrelated to a proposal by Amtrak to build a high-speed rail
system in the region by 2040. Amtrak, which runs the Acela Express, last week
released a $151 billion proposal to redevelop and build out a high-speed rail
network that would enable travel between Philadelphia and New York in 37
minutes, and between Washington and New York in 94 minutes.

It is not the first time there's been an interest in building a maglev system in
the Northeast, but previous attempts were halted by lack of support from
lawmakers and funding shortfalls. In 2001, officials with the Maryland
Department of Transportation, the District of Columbia, Baltimore, Baltimore
County and the Maryland Transit Administration formed the Baltimore-Washington
Maglev Project, which competed for Federal Railroad Administration consideration
to develop a 39-mile maglev line linking Camden Yard in Baltimore, BWI Airport
and Union Station in D.C. But the project, which in 2007 was estimated to cost
$5.1 billion, was cost-prohibitive and lacked legislative support, Maryland
Transit Administration spokesman Terry Owens said.

Owens said Northeast Maglev has not yet met with anyone at MTA.

The Northeast Maglev project is still in its infancy, according to an attorney
advising the company on regulatory and governmental issues.

"It hasn't launched all the way yet," said John Merrigan, who co-chairs the
lobbying practice at DLA Piper, one of three lobbying firms Northeast Maglev has
hired since March to track legislation impacting magnetic levitation
transportation, including the transportation bill President Obama signed July 6.
The two other lobbying firms are American Defense International and Commonwealth
Research Associates, to whom the company has paid $10,000 and $8,400 in lobbying
fees, respectively.

A spokeswoman for Northeast Maglev said it is "too early to discuss project
details" and declined to comment on potential funding sources or a timeline for
the project, saying only that company leaders are meeting with officials.

"The Northeast Corridor is an economic powerhouse, but gridlock threatens to
constrain growth," the company said in a statement. "It's time for America to
harness technology that is faster, cleaner and safer ... we believe that as the
U.S. looks at transportation solutions to meet growing demand, it makes sense to
invest in the most advanced technology that is proven and available."

Northeast Maglev is not affiliated with Maglev Inc., the Pennsylvania company
that, prior to declaring Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2011, wanted to develop a
maglev train from Pittsburgh International Airport to Greensburg, Penn.

An Amtrak spokesman said he has not seen Northeast Maglev's plans.

One of the lobbyists affiliated with the project, Chris Brady of Commonwealth
Research, agreed to pay $300 last month to settle a complaint brought by a
Georgia government watchdog group before the Georgia Government Transparency and
Campaign Finance Commission.

The watchdog group accused Brady of paying $17,000 for House Speaker David
Ralston and his family to take a trip to Europe in 2010 without first
registering as a lobbyist in Georgia that year. The trip, Brady said, was to
research high speed transportation. Brady, whose firm has lobbied for a maglev
line between Atlanta and Chattanooga, missed the deadline to file disclosure
reports required of lobbyists, the commission found. Brady's attorney said he
agreed to pay $300 to settle the matter, but denied wrongdoing.

hoc@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday

Augustus- led group warned

BYLINE: Shaun Sutner, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL; Government; Pg. A,3,6

LENGTH: 520 words


WORCESTER -- In 2010, the year he returned to Massachusetts to work as U.S. Rep.
James P. McGovern's campaign manager, Edward M. Augustus was issued a warning
from a California state commission for failure of the group he headed to file a
lobbying report on time.

Mr. Augustus, currently director of government and community relations at the
College of the Holy Cross, said Monday he was never notified about the warning,
received by the Children's Defense Fund -- California months after he left the
position.

Mr. Augustus is being considered to succeed City Manager Michael V. O'Brien, who
is leaving the $192,000 post Jan. 5 for a private sector job, on an interim
basis.

On Dec. 16, 2010, the California Fair Political Practices Commission, after an
investigation, issued a warning letter to Mr. Augustus, who had been executive
director of the Children's Defense Fund -- California, because the group had
violated state lobbying reporting provisions.

Mr. Augustus, a former Worcester state senator and School Committee member, ran
the group from January 2009 to April 2010.

In an interview Monday, Mr. Augustus said he was unaware of the warning letter,
which came eight months after he left the Children's Defense Fund.

He said no one from the group ever informed him about it. He said that while the
group did some lobbying, it was nearly always as part of a coalition of youth
advocacy organizations lobbying on matters such as children's health insurance,
and lobbying duties rotated among the groups.

"They definitely didn't call me in Massachusetts about it. It's totally news to
me," he said.

The Children's Defense Fund violated the state's Political Reform Act by failing
to file the first-quarter 2010 lobbying report by the month following the
quarter, the chief of the commission's enforcement division wrote. The report
was subsequently filed and showed that Political Solutions LLC, the lobbying
firm for the Children's Defense Fund, did no lobbying for the Children's Defense
Fund during that three-month period.

"The FPPS has completed its investigation of the facts of this case," the
official who signed the warning letter, Gary S. Winuk, wrote. "Specifically, the
FPPC found that the Children's Defense Fund-CA violated the ACT by failing to
timely file a required report."

Under the California law, entities that employ lobbyists must file periodic
reports.

The Children's Defense Fund, the California affiliate of the national Children's
Defense Fund, is one of several dozen clients of Political Solutions, a
California political consulting and lobbying firm. Other clients include
Starbucks, Nike, The Home Depot and the Cigar Association of America.

Mr. Winuk wrote that the matter was being closed with a warning because the
Children's Defense Fund -- California did not have a history of violating the
law and did not have much lobbying activity. But he said the warning letter
would be retained and could be considered if enforcement action were ever
necessary. Future violations would result in fines of up to $5,000 per
violation.

Contact Shaun Sutner at ssutner@telegram.com Follow him on Twitter @ssutner

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WTG


                Copyright 2013 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 12, 2005 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Venture Capitalist Has a Plan to Take Lobbying Shops Public

BYLINE: Jeffrey H. Birnbaum

SECTION: Financial; D01 , K STREET CONFIDENTIAL Jeffrey H. Birnbaum

LENGTH: 1282 words


Kenneth P. Ducey Jr. is the mystery man of K Street.

Downtown D.C. has been buzzing for weeks about a venture capitalist who's been
secretly trying to buy a bunch of lobbying shops, tie them together and take
them public. Well, the gossip is true, and the 41-year-old, Connecticut-based
Ducey is that man.

I don't know whether he can pull it off; he won't identify his financial backer
and the history of such ventures is abysmal. But investors have been digging
deep lately in the belief that so much money can be won in Washington that
lobbying companies are no-lose propositions.

"They're excellent businesses," the gregarious Ducey effused in a telephone
interview. "At least the lobbying firms I've been talking to have been growing
substantially over the past five to 10 years, are earning money and have a very
loyal clientele."

In other words, manipulating government has developed into a reliably
high-margin  --  and thus high-rate-of-success  --  enterprise.

That fact may contain the seeds of K Street's own decline, of course. With
scandals involving lobbyists and lawmakers ravaging Capitol Hill and dragging
down public faith in politicians, it probably won't be too long before new
restrictions are placed on lobbying and campaign donations. That, in turn, might
dent lobbying's profitability and effectiveness at least for a while.

In the meantime, the market for lobbying properties is hot. Ducey's entreaties
come during a mini-wave of acquisitions. Last week, Financial Dynamics, an
international public relations company, bought the District's Dittus
Communications, an expert in PR for lobbying campaigns. And in September, Ogilvy
Public Relations Worldwide, a unit of Britain-based WPP Group, bought the
Federalist Group, a Republican lobbying firm.

Other permutations of partnership have also proliferated. Two years ago, Lake
Capital Partners, a Chicago-based investment firm, committed to spend millions
of dollars to expand Dutko Worldwide, a diversified lobbying firm. There's also
talk that people other than Ducey are eager to purchase lobbying firms with an
eye toward offering them to the stock market.

Gerald S.J. Cassidy was the first person to try to take a lobbying company
public when, in 1998, he offered shares in the firm that bears his name. He
proposed to become, in effect, the King of K with a stock sale that would have
raised him $40 million.

It never happened. The IPO foundered as the market weakened and people expressed
doubts that lobbying  --  the quintessential service business without tangible
assets  --  was steady enough to gain value over time. Cassidy & Associates was
sold the next year to Interpublic Group of Companies Inc. instead  --  becoming
another in a long series of lobbying shops that have been bought by
multinational advertising giants.

Ducey is betting that times have changed and that a free-standing lobbying
company can thrive in the stock market. He said modern lobbying isn't so much
back-scratching as "best practices" that can be learned and passed along in a
professional manner. He is also convinced that lobbying has become such an
accepted part of Washington that the danger of it falling out of favor is small.

What lobbyists need but don't have, he said, is access to capital. Not the
nation's capital, but capital in the sense of financing, primarily for
expansion. And Ducey, as a longtime financier in the New York region, said he
has a way to tap into it.

Unfortunately, Ducey won't say what his money source is. His only hint: "The
investment bank that is involved is a credible, household name," he said.

Should we believe him? Is his concept a good deal for either the lobbyists or
the public?

It's hard to know.

Ducey has been involved in government-related investments before, and they
haven't worked out perfectly. He was president for a couple of years of Markland
Technologies Inc., a collection of defense and homeland security contractors
based in Ridgefield, Conn. But in March a company news release said that Ducey
was "removed from his position by the Board of Directors."

Markland doesn't appear to be doing so well. A statement on its Web site put the
company's net loss for the quarter ended Sept. 30 at $4.2 million, more than
three times larger than the year-earlier period, on revenue of nearly $19
million. At the market's close Friday, Markland's stock was trading at less than
2 cents a share, down from nearly 18 cents in August.

Ducey claimed that he left the company after he and the board disagreed about
strategy. But that couldn't be verified. Markland declined to comment.

Other people who have worked with Ducey say that he is a known commodity in the
hit-or-miss, small-business investment game and is experienced with the kind of
"roll up" transactions that he's contemplating in Washington. "He's a legitimate
guy, has access to capital and he seems to be on to something here," said
Michael J. Byl, president of Greenfield Capital Partners, an investment banking
firm in Ridgefield.

Ducey has made his living finding and riding the popular wave. In 2000, he was
considered an expert in outsourcing. After the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, he
helped Markland accumulate security companies. And now he sees lobbying as the
next new thing.

In the last 90 days, Ducey and Brien F. Morgan of McLean's Lerota Capital have
been quietly trolling K Street for acquisitions. Ducey said that he's had
serious discussions with a handful of lobbying firms and might buy one of them
in the next two months. When he pulls together enough companies to have total
annual revenue of $30 million to $40 million, he plans to sell shares in his
holding company, Hermes Group International Inc., to the public.

We'll see.

What isn't in doubt is that outsiders to the Capital City see the influence
industry as a potential cash cow. Financial Dynamics, which has concentrated on
investor relations and public relations connected to corporate mergers, bought
not only Dittus in Washington but also a lobbying-related company in the United
Kingdom called LLM.

"There's a very serious commercial opportunity for us in public affairs," said
Declan Kelly, chief executive of the U.S. unit of Financial Dynamics. "For the
last number of years, it's continued to expand in terms of fees. It's a
fast-growing segment."

With the help of the $9 million-a-year Dittus, no one would be surprised if
Financial Dynamics is on the block in a year or two (though the privately held
FD won't divulge its thinking).

Lake Capital also plans eventually to sell its stake in Dutko to other investors
or to sell out when a larger corporation buys Dutko itself. "Lake invests in
good companies that they believe are well run," said Mark S. Irion, Dutko's
chief executive. "We're a good, retainer-based business with continued high
growth year over year."

Translation: There's a market out there for lobbying companies.

The more of such businesses that can be patched together into a portfolio, the
safer the overall investment will be. David M. Carmen, president the lobbying
firm the Carmen Group, foresees a time when a hundred-million-dollar lobbying
company, much larger than any that exist today, could become a national and
worldwide brand. "There will be room for one or two of those," he predicted.
"That will be a bellwether moment."

Maybe Ken Ducey will hasten the day  --  for good or for ill.

Jeffrey Birnbaum writes about the intersection of government and business every
other Monday. His e-mail address is kstreetconfidential@washpost.com. He will be
online to discuss the massive growth and profitability of lobbying today at noon
at www.washingtonpost.com/business.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              348 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            December 29, 2006 Friday

Ex-aides charged over lobbying

SECTION: Z_NATION

LENGTH: 327 words

DATELINE: SAN JOSE


Two former aides to outgoing San Jose Mayor Ron Gonzales were charged Thursday
with allegedly breaking the city's lobbying laws after they left local
government in 2000, a prosecutor said.

Tony Arreola, a former deputy chief of staff, and Sharanjit Kali-Rai, who worked
in the mayor's policy and budget office, were charged with grand theft, perjury
and conspiracy to violate city lobbying ordinances, said Santa Clara County
Assistant District Attorney Stephen Gibbons.

The duo left the mayor's office to work at Arreola's consulting firm, Silicon
Valley Strategies, which helped businesses with matters before City Hall. San
Jose law prohibits certain city staff members from lobbying on any matter they
were involved in the year before they left City Hall.

''We are certainly concerned about lobbyist issues and conduct in our
community,'' Gibbons said. ''We are talking about lobbyists who didn't comply
with the law.''

A city ethics commission investigated their activities two years ago but
dismissed the complaint, saying too much time had elapsed since the alleged
violations.

Craig Brown, a lawyer for the two men, questioned the district attorney's
motives for bringing the charges.

''There is absolutely nothing new here,'' Brown told the San Jose Mercury News.
''Our feelings are exactly the same as our feelings were then: There is no
violation of city rules and there is absolutely no violations of any criminal
statute.''

Investigators for Santa Clara County prosecutors seized files, computers and
documents from Arreola's and Kali-Rai's offices two weeks ago. A search warrant
said authorities were looking for documents relating to compensation and
expenses from May 1, 1999, through July 31, 2004.

Gonzales, the subject of his own criminal investigation this year over an
alleged backroom deal with a garbage company that cost taxpayers $11.25 million,
is set to serve his last day as mayor on Sunday. Term limits prevented him from
seeking re-election.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 30, 1995, Saturday, Late Edition - Final
                                  (New Jersey)

New Jersey Daily Briefing;
Lobbying Company Splits Up

BYLINE: By SUSAN JO KELLER

SECTION: Section 1;   Page 29;   Column 1;   Metropolitan Desk;   Second Front

LENGTH: 158 words

DATELINE: TRENTON


Policy Management and Communications, one of the state's best-connected lobbying
companies, will shed its public relations arm in a friendly breakup to focus on
government lobbying.

Hazel Gluck, a friend and confidante of Gov. Christine Todd Whitman, heads the
company; Judith Shaw, Mrs. Whitman's first chief of staff, is one of its
partners.

Ms. Gluck's original firm, Public Policy Advisors, had merged in 1994 with
Public Affairs Management, founded by James Weinstein. Now Mr. Weinstein and his
managing partner, Carl Zeitz, are going their own way, giving up their
registration as lobbyists and focusing on public and corporate relations under
the new name Riverfront Associates Inc.

"We are doing this as friends, absolutely," Mr. Zeitz said, adding that the two
businesses had "an amicable understanding" of how they would divide up the more
than two dozen clients that paid the company $700,000 in 1994 for lobbying
alone.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              350 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                            July 17, 2013 Wednesday

Auditor: Minnesota local governments in 2012 spent $7.8 million on lobbying

BYLINE: Charley Shaw

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 326  words


Minnesota local governments in 2012 spent $7.8 million on lobbying services,
according to a report from the Minnesota State Auditor. Local governments spent
$495,675 less on lobbying than they did in 2011. State Auditor Rebecca Otto said
the decline follows a typical pattern of less spending in non-budget years.

"There is a traditional pattern of lobbying expenses being higher during the
longer legislative budget session and lower during the shorter bonding session,"
Otto said. "This report covers calendar year 2012, which was a shorter bonding
session. Overall lobbying expenses showed the traditional decrease. "

Eighty one local governments in 2012 either had a lobbyist on staff or hired a
contract lobbyist. Those local governments spent $3.9 million.

Local governments spent $10.6 million in dues to associations that lobbied on
their behalf. Those associations spent $3.88 million on lobbyists and lobbying.

The biggest issue during the 2012 session was the Minnesota Vikings stadium
legislation. Two major entities in the stadium negotiations, the city of
Minneapolis and the Metropolitan Sports Facilities Commission, were the top two
spenders on lobbying that year. Minneapolis spent $394,000 on lobbying and the
Sports Facilities Commission spent $340,900 on lobbying. They were the only two
local governments to report in the $300,000 range. Minneapolis' spending was a
modest increase from the previous non-budget session in 2010 of $357,000 and a
substantial rise from the Sports Facilities Commission's 2010 tally of $121,000.

As has historically been the case, the Coalition of Greater Minnesota Cities
topped out local government lobbying associations with $649,000 in spending. The
League of Minnesota Cities was second with $610,000 and the Minnesota School
Boards Association was third with $478,000.

http://www.legal-ledger.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             January 6, 2012 Friday
                                National Edition

Is It a Conflict of Interest? Yes, But It's Legal

BYLINE: By FREDRIC N. TULSKY and JOHN SULLIVAN; Kristen McQueary contributed
reporting..

Fredric N. Tulsky and John Sullivan direct Medill Watchdog, an initiative at the
journalism school of Northwestern University to hold public officials
accountable through in-depth student and faculty reporting.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Chicago ; CHICAGO NEWS COOPERATIVE;
Pg. 21A

LENGTH: 1202 words


In most states and municipalities, government officials who vote to spend
taxpayer dollars on proposals that also put money in their own pockets as
lobbyists could be accused of illegal conflicts of interest. Not in Illinois.

Thanks to state and local ethics laws riddled with loopholes, it was legal for
Jack Dorgan, a village trustee in Rosemont, to vote last year to award a
lucrative contract to a client of his Springfield lobbying firm.

Mr. Dorgan is not alone in his dual roles. Elected officials at every level in
Illinois -- from the village board to the state legislature -- can use their
positions to benefit paying clients or even family members, according to an
examination of thousands of documents by Medill Watchdog, a journalism program
at Northwestern University.

Medill reviewed statements of economic interest filed by officials in Cook
County, registrations by lobbyists, legislation, ordinances and public actions.
According to the records, 14 elected officials in Cook County over the past
three years were registered as lobbyists for an array of private clients who did
business at the state, county or local levels.

When elected officials double as lobbyists it can create confusion for
lawmakers, said State Representative Fred Crespo, Democrat of Hoffman Estates.
''When I see them at a hearing in the Capitol, I often can't tell if they're
here for their constituents or for their paying clients,'' he said.

No laws are being broken; officials are permitted to work as lobbyists, and also
to vote and otherwise act on matters that directly benefit their lobbying
clients.

Most other states prohibit such conflicts. While laws vary widely, some states,
like Indiana, forbid lawmakers from lobbying at all, a Medill survey of 50
states found. Many others, like New York and California, bar officials from
voting or acting on any matter that would help their clients.

Illinois lawmakers do not work full time, which some critics say creates an
incentive to find additional sources of income. Most other states with large
populations established full-time legislatures years ago.

''Permitting officials to hold outside jobs is a really bad idea,'' said Richard
Painter, a University of Minnesota law professor and former White House ethics
counsel. ''People think it's cheaper to have part-time officials, but it costs
people a lot of money in other ways.''

Illinois law bans state legislators from lobbying their colleagues and other
state officials. But the same laws do not prevent them from acting as lobbyists
at the local level, where each community or local government body sets its own
rules.

''We let officials do things that other cities and towns wouldn't,'' said David
Orr, the Cook County clerk. The current law, he said, ''just doesn't cut it.''

In Rosemont in the past year, Mr. Dorgan, a prominent Republican, played a key
role as village trustee in awarding a $2.4 million contract to his lobbying
client, Christopher B. Burke Engineering.

Records show that Burke Engineering paid Mr. Dorgan at least $1,200 while he was
lobbying the Illinois Toll Highway Authority as the authority was working with
the village to jointly build a $25 million off-ramp. Burke Engineering had hired
Dorgan-McPike & Associates, Mr. Dorgan's Springfield lobbying firm, to represent
it before the tollway and other state agencies, gaining an advocate with both
state influence and a vote on the village board.

In November 2010, Mr. Dorgan's multiple roles overlapped. He accompanied his
lobbying client, Christopher B. Burke, to a meeting with the Tollway Authority
-- the target of his lobbying activities -- while also representing the village,
records show. The Rosemont mayor and attorney were also at the meeting.

When the Tollway Authority completed its draft agreement with Rosemont six
months later, Burke Engineering was designated as the construction engineer, at
the village's request, tollway officials said.

The agreement refers to Burke Engineering as ''Village Engineer of the
Village.'' But Peter Coblentz, Rosemont's village attorney, said that the
village's relationship with Mr. Burke's firm is informal. ''Burke is just who
the village hires whenever it has work,'' Mr. Coblentz said. ''We have used them
for many, many years.''

At the Rosemont village board meeting five days later, Mr. Dorgan made a motion
to award the no-bid contract to Mr. Burke. The $2.4 million motion passed
unanimously.

Mr. Dorgan said he sees no problem with his dual roles. ''Obviously, if there
was a conflict, I wouldn't do it,'' he said. He said he disclosed his clients as
required under state law and had discussed it with Mr. Coblentz.

A spokesman for Mr. Burke said the lobbying relationship with Mr. Dorgan is
''completely transparent.''

Mr. Dorgan has long been a prominent elected official in Illinois. He lobbies on
behalf of the Illinois Asphalt Pavement Association, headed by William F.
Cellini, who was recently convicted of conspiracy to commit extortion.

Mr. Dorgan is also a member of the Republican Party State Central Committee.

''I'm held to a much higher standard,'' he said. ''If you get into trouble with
the I.R.S., you get a fine. If I make the same mistake, I'd go to prison. It's a
whole different ballgame.''

Many ethics experts say public officials should not be allowed to work as
lobbyists. ''It ought to be prohibited,'' said Patricia E. Salkin, director of
the Government Law Center at Albany Law School in New York. ''The roles are too
intertwined.''

Representative Crespo introduced legislation a year ago to prohibit Illinois
officials from lobbying, but it died in the rules committee.

Illinois statutes give state officials wide latitude to lobby. The state ethics
law, passed in 1967, directs lawmakers who confront potential conflicts to
''consider the possibility of eliminating the conflict.'' If a conflict is
unavoidable, the lawmaker should ''consider the possibility of abstaining.''

If a lawmaker chooses not to abstain, there is no penalty.

The legislative inspector general, Thomas J. Homer, said he has little recourse.
''It looks bad, but there isn't anything I can do because the law allows it,''
he said.

Lawmakers like State Representative Dan Burke, Democrat of Chicago, have shown
themselves adept at working within the rules that govern lobbying by public
officials. Mr. Burke is the brother of Ed Burke, a powerful Chicago alderman (he
is not related to Christopher B. Burke, the engineer).

A lobby report filed with the city shows Dan Burke was paid $5,000 to lobby City
Hall for the Chicago Roofing Contractors Association, the local wing of the
industry group that represents roofing contractors throughout the state.

In February 2005, Mr. Burke co-sponsored a bill backed by the association of
state roofing contractors that sought to protect its member companies from
competition. Mr. Burke said his sponsorship was not a conflict of interest, even
though the measure, which passed, benefited his client.

Speaking of the line separating his city lobbying activities and his state
legislative actions, Mr. Burke said: ''It's murky, of course, but I was careful
not to blend the roles.''

On Sunday: Illinois lawmakers who vote on issues pushed by lobbying relatives.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Rosemont highway work is overseen by a firm represented by a
local official. Dan Burke, top left, was a lobbyist and lawmaker
 Fred Crespo sees problems. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JOHN KONSTANTARAS/CHICAGO NEWS
COOPERATIVE)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              352 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            April 22, 2010 Thursday
                                 ONLINE EDITION

Even Albany lobbyists feel economic pain

BYLINE: By Tom Precious

SECTION: BLOGS; Politics Now

LENGTH: 391 words


ALBANY -- Gulp. Just how bad was New York's economy last year?

Consider the steadiest economy in Albany next to the state work force: its
lobbying industry.

For only the second time since 1978, the amount of money paid to lobbyists
declined in 2009 from the previous year, as those who get paid to influence
everyone from the governor to the legislators saw a dip in income, a new report
has found.

Big and small companies, as well as other government agencies and
not-for-profits, paid Albany's 5,887 lobbyists $167.8 million last year for
representation at the Capitol. That is down from $173.9 million in 2008,
according to the Commission on Public Integrity, a state agency whose duties
include monitoring lobbyists.

Lobbyists all year have said clients were cutting back on both payments and
expenses to deal with the recession, pushing back on the usual inflation-busting
increases in the overall amount paid to the Albany lobbying industry.

The last time lobbying expenses saw an annual dip was 2000.

The report, showing a 3.5 percent dip in the overall amount spent on lobbying
last year, covered 3,499 clients and 52 public corporations.

But some things didn't get rattled: Wilson, Elser, Moskowitz, Edelman & Dicker
remained the highest-paid lobbying firm in Albany, reporting receipts from its
152 clients ? realtors, bankers, Broadway theater producers, gambling interests,
hospitals and more ? of $10.8 million, the same level as 2008.

Patricia Lynch Associates, run by a former top aide to Assembly Speaker Sheldon
Silver, whose lobbyists include former Assembly Majority Leader Paul Tokasz,
ranked second in compensation, at $8.4 million, up from $7.9 million the
previous year. Lynch has an assortment of Western New York clients, including
the Buffalo Niagara Medical Campus ($30,000 to her firm last year), Buffalo
Niagara Partnership ($48,000), Buffalo State College ($25,000), the City of
Buffalo ($40,000), Erie County ($55,000) and Delaware North ($105,000).

Coming in third again was Bolton St. John's, which had $5.3 million, down from
$5.8 million the previous year. The group represents a broad range of clients,
including Kaleida Health, which paid $115,000 last year for its services, and
its local lobbyists include Maurice Garner, who is tight with Buffalo Mayor
Byron Brown, and John O'Donnell, a local political consultant.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Blog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              353 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                            January 26, 2009 Monday

LOBBYING: Jefferson County Commissioners Eye Contract for Washington Lobbyist

BYLINE: Shelly Sigo

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 4 Vol. 367 No. 33051

LENGTH: 410  words


BRADENTON, Fla. - Jefferson County, Ala., commissioners tomorrow will be asked
to approve a $950,000 contract to hire Washington-based Book Hill Partners LLC.

When commissioners voted to place the contract on their agenda last week, they
said the lobbying firm would help the county try to obtain a federal backstop,
or guarantee, for restructuring its troubled $3.2 billion of sewer system debt,
and to help it obtain infrastructure funding from the economic stimulus package
pending in Congress.

"We must vigorously apply ourselves to seeking funding not only to help us
resolve this crisis in terms of a guarantee, but also with infrastructure to
move the county forward," commission president Bettye Fine Collins said in the
Birmingham News on Friday.

On its Web site, Book Hill Partners lists state and local government relations,
financial services, and infrastructure as part of its public policy expertise.
The firm did not respond to a request for comment by press time.

Congressional lobbying records show Book Hill representatives are registered to
work on behalf of at least a dozen firms in the House, Senate, or both.

At least two members of the firm are registered lobbyists covering various
congressional offices, but mostly the Office of Management and Budget, federal
documents show.

Companies represented by Book Hill include the National Association of Investors
Corp., also known as BetterInvesting, a nonprofit that represents interests of
investment clubs in Washington; Brijot Imaging Systems Inc., a company that
provides advanced security equipment in Washington; and Cleveland BioLabs, a
biotech firm in Buffalo, NY,

Book Hill is also registered to lobby for Green Hills Software, an advanced
security software company in Santa Barbara, Calif.; Homeland Security Capital
Corp., a security technology systems company in Washington; Integrity Global
Security, an advanced technology communications and operating systems company in
Santa Barbara, Calif.; and MIL Corp., a financial services company in Washington

Other companies are the National Structured Settlements Trade Association, which
works with injured victims, attorneys, and the insurance industry in Washington;
Polimatrix, a radiation detection company in Arlington, Va.; Regal Decision
Systems, a simulation technology firm in Linthicum, Md.; Safety and Ecology
Corp., an environmental and engineering firm in Knoxville, Tenn.; and VaxGen, a
biotechnology firm in South San Francisco.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com/

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BB


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            February 5, 2006 Sunday

Perzel seeks help on a lobbying law

BYLINE: Amy Worden and Mario F. Cattabiani, Inquirer Staff Writers

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; Pg. B09

LENGTH: 621 words


Signaling that the state House might act soon to adopt lobbying reform, Speaker
John M. Perzel asked the state Supreme Court on Friday for guidance in crafting
a law that would withstand legal scrutiny.

In doing so, Perzel (R., Phila.) is apparently removing the biggest roadblock to
reform - himself - which, his critics say, has made Pennsylvania the only state
without a lobbying-disclosure law.

In the letter Friday, Perzel asked Supreme Court Chief Justice Ralph Cappy for
the high court's input "to assure, to every extent possible, proposed
legislation is considerate of the Court's position on this matter."

In 2002, the court struck down a three-year-old law that had required lobbyists
to register and report expenses. The court sided with a challenge brought by two
Harrisburg lawyers who argued that the law violated attorney-client privilege.
Under the state constitution, only the Supreme Court can regulate lawyers, it
ruled.

Perzel's willingness to advance reform efforts comes amid the Jack Abramoff
political scandal in Washington, which has the entire nation, including
Harrisburg, rethinking rules restricting lobbying. Fearing for their political
survival, lawmakers also are looking to buff their image with voters after this
summer's legislative pay-raise controversy.

"It's a good sign the speaker's thinking about that," said State Rep. Greg
Vitali (D., Delaware), who is among the House backbenchers who have campaigned
for several years to reinstate the lobbying-disclosure law. "I hope we are in a
climate that is ripe for reform in the lobbying area."

In opposing reform efforts in the past, Perzel has repeatedly said that no one
other than a select group in Harrisburg, certainly not his own constituents, is
pushing for lobbying disclosure.

Attempts to reach Perzel on Friday were unsuccessful.

Barry Kauffman, executive director of Common Cause Pennsylvania, a government
watchdog group, called Perzel's letter "a hopeful sign." "Let's give John Perzel
credit," he said. "I've hammered him for not permitting the House to vote on
this. Hopefully, he's seen the light and will allow Pennsylvania citizens the
same protections that other states have from influence-peddling."

Last week, House Majority Leader Sam Smith (R., Jefferson) told reporters that
he expected the House to take up a lobbying bill soon, possibly before the May
16 primary.

A new lobbying proposal is expected to be among reform proposals offered by Gov.
Rendell in the coming weeks.

Kate Philips, Rendell's press secretary, said the governor "has said all along
that he would support legislation if it was sent to him."

After the law was struck down, the Senate established internal rules requiring
lobbyists, including lawyers, to register and file financial-disclosure forms.
About 800 lobbyists are registered with the Senate. The House never adopted such
rules.

There have been no challenges to the Senate rule. "We have always felt we had a
right to govern our own body," said Drew Crompton, chief counsel for President
Pro Tempore Robert C. Jubelirer (R., Blair).

Crompton said Jubelirer, who sponsored the original lobbying law, welcomed
Perzel's action because the court's ruling remains ambiguous. Pennsylvania is
one of the few states that have a constitutional provision stipulating that
lawyers are regulated by the judicial branch.

Without lobbyist disclosure, Pennsylvania's ethics law ranked at the bottom in
the most recent annual list published by the Center for Public Integrity, a
government watchdog group in Washington.

ONLINE EXTRA

To view lobbyists registered

with the Pennsylvania Senate and their clients, go to http://go.philly.
com/lobbyists

Contact staff writer Amy Worden at 717-783-2584 or aworden@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            January 9, 2016 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Missouri lawmakers could lock horns over new lobbying rules

BYLINE:  By Kurt Erickson St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 582 words


JEFFERSON CITY o An election-year bid aimed at polishing the image of Missouri
lawmakers could face its first test Monday.

With Republicans who control the Legislature putting ethics reform on a fast
track, members of the House Government Oversight and Accountability Committee
will consider a package of bills designed to clean up the much-maligned culture
of the capital city.

Among the proposals is a plan to impose a cooling-off period for lawmakers who
want to jump into the potentially lucrative world of lobbying.

Exactly how long that waiting period should be has become an early indicator
that the road to improving ethics may not be as smooth as the GOP majority
hopes.

In the House, the measure on tap for debate Monday calls for a one-year waiting
period in order to ensure lawmakers aren't writing bills one day and then
lobbying on behalf of companies that could benefit from the legislator's work
the next day.

In the Senate, however, Senate President Pro Tem Ron Richard, R-Joplin, favors a
two-year waiting period.

Richard pushed last year a two-year revolving door law, but found few takers
among his colleagues.

"I compromised to one year and I couldn't even get that through," Richard said.

Lawmakers have filed at least seven separate proposals that would impose a
waiting period for lawmakers.

Two measures would bar members of the House and Senate from jumping into the
lobbying ranks for the length of a full legislative session, which typically
runs from January through mid-May.

State Rep. Caleb Rowden, R-Columbia, is sponsoring legislation that would stop
the revolving door for one full year.

State Sen. Bob Onder, R-Lake St. Louis, and state Rep. Sheila Solon, D-Blue
Springs, are backing plans for a two-year waiting period.

State Rep. Tracy McCreery, D-St. Louis, has proposed a three-year wait.

The chairman of the House panel said Friday that he believed the length of the
waiting period wouldn't be a major stumbling block.

"I think that's an issue that will get worked out between the House and the
Senate," state Rep. Jay Barnes, R-Jefferson City, said.

Barnes favors a one-year cooling off period.

"I think one year is more appropriate because that's what the vast majority of
other states have," he said.

In all, at least 33 states impose waiting periods for lawmakers looking to move
into lobbying, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures.

Like Missouri, there are no restrictions in Illinois, Kansas or Nebraska.

In other states surrounding Missouri, the laws call for various waiting periods.
Lawmakers in Oklahoma, Iowa and Kentucky must wait for two years to lobby. In
Arkansas and Tennessee, there is a one-year wait.

A St. Louis Post-Dispatch tally in 2015 found an estimated 50 former Missouri
legislators registered to wine and dine their former colleagues.

With the length of the waiting period a potential hurdle, Richard said he would
advance companion legislation out of the Senate in the coming days in order to
ensure his members have the ability to "negotiate or modify" the final product
before it goes to Gov. Jay Nixon's desk.

"This just gets the progress going," Richard said.

In a testament to the rapid speed Republicans are hoping to tackle ethics
reform, Barnes said he hopes to move all of the legislation pending in his
committee on to the full House. But, he said he won't rush a proposal if
questions are raised about it.

"It is my hope and intent to vote them all out on Monday. But it all depends on
the testimony," Barnes said.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  The rotunda of Missouri's Capitol building in Jefferson City. photo by
Brian Sirimaturos

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              356 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            October 25, 2005 Tuesday

The Bottom Line: Who's won which accounts

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 394 words


* AGRICULTURE. Florida Crystals Corp., a sugar producer and refiner, has hired
Velasquez & Lausell to lobby on legislation that could affect the farm bill and
on issues related to trade. Joe Velasquez, a firm founder and former Clinton
administration official and AFL-CIO assistant political director, is lobbying
for the sugar company.

The firm is also lobbying for cable giant Comcast on the effort to update
telecom laws and move to digital television.

The European Dairy Association has hired Miller & Chevalier to "avoid limits on
U.S. trade in milk proteins," according to politicalmoneyline.com.

The firm's team includes former Assistant U.S. Trade Representatives Jon
Huenemann and Welles Orr and former Senate Finance Committee staff members John
Gilliland and Zachery Paulsen.

*BEVERAGE. Boston Beer Co., which makes Samuel Adams, has hired Wolf Block
Public Strategies to increase product awareness. The consultants helping the
company do that include Chris Greeley, a former chief of staff to Sen. John
Kerry (D-Mass.), and Chris Cushing, a former aide to ex-Sen. Bob Dole (R-Kan.).

* COMMUNICATIONS. Wiley Rein & Fielding is lobbying for Entravision
Communications Corp., a broadcasting company, on the transition to digital
television, and for Iridium Satellite, a satellite phone company, on
telecommunications issues, according to lobbying records. The lobbying team
includes Bryan Cunningham, a former aide to Sen. Judd Gregg (R-N.H.), and Gregg
Elias, a former senior Democratic counsel on the Senate Commerce Committee.

The National Cable and Telecommunications Association has hired Cooper & Kirk on
the "constitutionality of imposing multicasting must-carry requirement on cable
operators," according to lobbying records.

* KATRINA. Riverbirch, a landfill operator, has hired the Livingston Group to
lobby on landfill issues associated with post-Katrina cleanup. The firm was
founded by former House Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Livingston, a
Louisiana Republican.

Livingston is also lobbying on behalf of Southern Recycling, a scrap-metal
recycling company.

* NATURAL GAS. Huntsman, a chemical company, has hired Morrison & Foerster to
lobby on legislation affecting natural gas.

* PHARMACEUTICALS. McKenna Long & Aldridge is lobbying for two biomedical
companies, PowderMed and Twinstrand Therapeutics, according to
politicalmoneyline.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2005 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            February 4, 2011 Friday

Google, Facebook and other tech companies boost spending on lobbying

BYLINE: By Mike Swift mswift@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; Technology; News; Business; High-Tech; Science and
Tech

LENGTH: 808 words


Google and other Silicon Valley tech companies are spending growing amounts of
money to make sure their names -- and business interests -- stay prominent in
the minds of lawmakers and officials.

Google in 2010 spent $5.2 million on lobbying in Washington, a 28 percent
increase over 2009 and nearly 2 1/2 times what the Mountain View company spent
just four years ago, according to lobbying reports recently filed with the U.S.
Senate.

With Google facing antitrust scrutiny in Washington and Congress discussing
tighter regulation of online privacy that could affect its online advertising
business, the Internet giant appears to be moving aggressively to defend its
interests.

Google's team of 11 lobbyists fanned out through Congress, the Federal Trade
Commission and other agencies in 2010 to influence the government's proposed
regulation of online privacy and Internet advertising, along with antitrust and
workplace issues relating to "openness and competition in the online services
market," according to Google's fourth-quarter federal lobbying disclosure
report.

"Google is really trying to become a big player on the Washington scene," said
John Simpson of Consumer Watchdog, a frequent critic of the company. "I think
all of Silicon Valley is trying to have a bigger voice in Washington. I think
they have realized there are a lot of issues there that are really affecting
them."

Indeed, Hewlett-Packard, Yahoo and Cisco Systems also boosted spending on
lobbying in 2010. Facebook's lobbying costs increased by 69 percent, although
the Palo Alto social network spent only $351,390 -- a fraction of what many
other valley companies spent.

Even Apple, never a big player in Washington, increased its lobbying budget by
7.3 percent to $1.6 million in 2010, and recently hired the well-connected
lobbying firm of Fierce, Isakowitz & Blalock to push its interests in
Washington. An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment, saying the hiring and its
lobbying budget were "a matter of public record."

While Google's spending is dwarfed by the lobbying budgets of the big telecom
companies -- Verizon Communications spent $16.8 million in 2010 -- the company
now spends more on lobbying than much bigger valley companies such as Cisco
Systems, Intel and Oracle. As recently as 2007, Google spent just $1.5 million
on lobbying Washington, and didn't have anyone based in the nation's capital to
represent its interests until 2005, the year after it went public.

Google's lobbying effort in Washington has not yet matched Microsoft's, which
has 16 registered lobbyists and spent $6.9 million in 2010, a 2.8 percent
increase over 2009, according to Senate records. But the gap is narrowing.

"The federal government is playing an increasingly important role in the lives
of digital media companies," said Jeff Chester, executive director of the Center
for Digital Democracy, "both in terms of promoting their business interests and
restricting them."

Chester said Google, which competes with Microsoft for federal technology
contracts, has a clear financial incentive to increase its lobbying efforts:
"The federal government can be a rainmaker, but in order to wring the sponge
dry, you have to have a bunch of lobbyists pressing the political flesh."

Not all big tech companies in the valley are spending more on lobbying. Intel,
Oracle and eBay spent slightly less on lobbying in 2010 than they did the year
before, according to federal records.

Google opened its first permanent office in Washington on New York Avenue near
Metro Center in 2008 and now has about 40 people in Washington working on
advertising sales, software engineering and selling Google software products to
government agencies, as well as government relations activities such as lobbying
.

"If you think about the way the Internet has grown and become a bigger part of
our lives, in the same way, it's become a bigger part of the debate here in
Washington," said Dan Martin, a Google spokesman in Washington. "We're here, and
we want to be part of that conversation."

Facebook also now has an office in Washington, with a staff of seven, including
two registered lobbyists, near Dupont Circle.

"We worked to help policymakers interact with constituents on Facebook, explain
the steps we take to protect people who use our service, and promote the value
of innovation to our economy," Andrew Noyes, manager of public policy
communications for Facebook, said in a written statement.

Contact Mike Swift at 408-271-3648. Follow him at Twitter.com/swiftstories .

Cisco Systems: $2 million

Facebook: $351,000
Google: $5.2 million
Hewlett-Packard: $6.5 million
Microsoft: $6.9 million
Oracle: $4.9 million
Verizon Communications: $16.8 million
Yahoo: $2.2 million

Source: U.S. Senate Office of Public Records


Tech companies seeking capital gains
Here's how much some major tech companies spent on lobbying in 2010.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 2, 2017 Thursday

Island University Professor Unearths Political Influences of CEOs

LENGTH: 556  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: University-Corpus Christi, The State of Texas  has issued the following
news release:



    In an effort to better inform the public on an understudied research topic,
Dr. Andrew Johnson, Assistant Professor of Management in the College of Business
at Texas A&M University-Corpus Christi, has collaborated with Dr. Bruce C. Rudy,
Assistant Professor of Management at The University of Texas at San Antonio, on
a project that examines CEO characteristics and how they affect Corporate
Political Activity (CPA).





 Diving into demographic characteristics, Johnson took into account CEO age,
tenure, functional and educational background to determine a CEO's willingness
to invest in CPA. Johnson and Rudy also considered the type of lobbying, either
in-house or contract lobbying, most likely to be used by certain CEOs. Johnson
who is already working on new research has noticed a trend in how lobbying can
become a valuable asset to corporations.



 "With the financial crisis of 2008, we had serval companies that were bailed
out by the government," said Johnson. "Looking at a comparison of AIG and Lehman
Brothers, AIG was bailed out due to the effect political activity has in
lobbying and building networks, they continued the investment trend upwards.
Compared to less political companies like Lehman Brothers who declined their
investments and where not spared nor their agendas heard out in an attempt for
policy makers to help them."



 Since 2011, Johnson has worked to collect data from the largest 100
corporations as identified by Fortune Magazine in 1980, relying heavily on
publicly available data at no cost as the study was done without any financial
assistance. The data collected spans 27 years, and includes publicly-traded
firms such as the 3M Manufacturing Company and the Xerox Corporation, capturing
any change in a firm's CEO as the firms mature.



 "The experiences of a CEO as an individual impacts the companies they lead,"
said Johnson. "We often underestimate the effect of the external and political
environment on corporate decisions and ultimately how well companies perform.
CEOs of large companies are very politically active and tend to develop strong
ties with government officials. By not participating in the political
environment, a CEO could place their company at a disadvantage."



 Although CEOs contribute to the financial success or failure of an
organization, they also contribute to stock market prices and the economic
standing of this country for business owners and citizens alike. Johnson
believes that Island University students could also benefit from understanding
the relationship between business and politics.



 "Educated people are the lifeblood of a democracy," said Johnson. "In a
democracy, it is essential to engage in the system and to advocate positions to
the government. For graduates of the Island University, having an understanding
that politics are going to play a role in so many aspects of their lives,
particularly in business, is a vital part of their education."



 Johnson and Rudy hope to continue their series of research projects. Adding to
their current data collection, Johnson plans to study the return on investment
of CPA for large companies.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            January 27, 2012 Friday
                                 SOONER EDITION

LOBBYING DIPS SHARPLY IN 2011

BYLINE: Compiled from news services

SECTION: NATIONAL; NATIONAL BRIEFS; Pg. A-10

LENGTH: 547 words


WASHINGTON -- Lobbying activity plunged in 2011 for the first time in a decade,
most likely driven lower by the struggling economy and legislative gridlock on
Capitol Hill, according to new estimates released Thursday.

The Center for Responsive Politics, which tracks money in politics, found that
trade associations, multinational corporations and other interest groups spent
about $3.27 billion on lobbying last year, down from $3.51 billion in 2010.

The number of registered lobbyists also dipped to 12,600, well off its peak of
nearly 15,000 in 2007, the center reported.

The decline in official lobbying comes at a time when the profession is coming
under fresh scrutiny in the presidential race.

President Barack Obama has revived his critique of the "corrosive influence of
money in politics" during Tuesday's State of the Union address, proposing a ban
on lobbyists raising money for candidates

Senate passes Giffords bill

WASHINGTON -- A day after Rep. Gabrielle Giffords' emotional departure from
Congress, the Senate on Thursday passed and sent to the president the final
legislative act sponsored by the Arizona Democrat who was severely wounded in an
assassination attempt a year ago.

The legislation, passed by voice vote, increases penalties for those flying
ultralight planes to smuggle drugs into Ms. Giffords' home state and other
states along the border.

The House passed the legislation on Wednesday, minutes after Ms. Giffords
formally submitted her resignation surrounded by hundreds of House members
gathered to pay tribute to her.

N.C. governor won't run

RALEIGH, N.C. -- Gov. Beverly Perdue said Thursday she will not seek re-election
because she fears a fight with Republicans over public education would become
too political.

But she entered the election year with some baggage: a campaign finance
investigation, sagging poll numbers and worries from fellow Democrats she would
drag them down in a key battleground state for President Barack Obama.

Ms. Perdue, the state's first woman governor, rode into office partly on the
coattails of Mr. Obama's surprise 2008 victory in North Carolina.

Pentagon shooter guilty

WASHINGTON -- Yonathan Melaku on Thursday stood in U.S. District Court in
suburban Alexandria, Va., to plead guilty to three counts, including shooting at
the Pentagon on Oct. 19, 2010, and attempting to damage veterans' memorials on
U.S. property. As part of a plea agreement, Mr. Melaku admitted to using his
legally obtained 9mm handgun to shoot the National Museum of the Marine Corps,
the Pentagon and two military recruiting offices in October and November 2010.

The agreement calls for Mr. Melaku to serve 25 years in prison. Judge Gerald
Bruce Lee accepted the plea, and Mr. Melaku is scheduled for sentencing on April
27.

Mr. Melaku acknowledged shooting at the buildings, attacks that did not injure
anyone but caused an estimated $111,000 in damage.

Clinton to leave after 2012

WASHINGTON -- Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said Thursday that she
doesn't plan to stay in her post if President Barack Obama wins a second term.

Separately, Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner, the last member of the Obama
administration's original economic team, said Thursday that he doesn't expect to
remain in his job if the president is re-elected.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              360 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              July 5, 2016 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Candidates take aim at lobbying cooling off period

BYLINE:  By Kurt Erickson St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 662 words


JEFFERSON CITY - A hard-fought battle to impose restrictions on lawmakers who
want to leap into the potentially lucrative world of lobbying may not be over.

As part of a push to polish the tarnished image of Jefferson City this spring,
Missouri lawmakers approved a six-month waiting period before members of the
House and Senate could register as lobbyists.

The proposal, which was quickly signed into law by Gov. Jay Nixon, a Democrat,
came after the Senate in 2015 had sought a two-year cooling-off period. The
House also had earlier approved a one-year wait. But the six-month time period
was negotiated in a committee.

Heading into the 2016 election cycle, all four Republican candidates for
governor, as well as the presumptive Democratic nominee, say six months is not
enough, raising the possibility that the debate over waiting periods isn't over.

Of the four Republican candidates seeking to take over for Nixon, former Navy
SEAL Eric Greitens has the most restrictive proposal designed to address the
idea that a member of the Legislature could be writing laws one day and lobbying
on behalf of those changes the next.

Greitens wants to match up the waiting period with the length of service of a
lawmaker. A lawmaker who serves eight years in the House, for example, would
have to wait eight years to become a lobbyist.

"When I'm Governor, we'll end the culture of cashing in with a simple rule: For
every year you serve in office, you have to wait a year before you can do paid
lobbying in Missouri," Greitens said in a statement posted on his campaign
website.

Greitens also wants legislation that would ban statewide officeholders from ever
engaging in lobbying once they leave office.

Political scientist John Messmer, who teaches at St. Louis Community College at
Meramec, said Greitens' proposal was unrealistic at a time when the GOP-led
Legislature had been loath to impose any restrictions on campaign contributions,
lobbyist gifts or a revolving door ban.

"It's probably not going anywhere," Messmer said.

Messmer said the chance to make money as a lobbyist was something that should be
considered as a gift to lawmakers.

"Make no mistake of it, the legislators like this perk. These are gifts that are
in the future," Messmer said. "These are incredibly lucrative gifts. It is a
gift that should bother us."

Catherine Hanaway, a former speaker of the House, said the current ban also
didn't go far enough and pledged to extend it if she was elected governor.

"The six-month revolving door legislation only pays lip service to ethics
reform. As governor, I will pass real ethics reforms including a revolving door
ban of at least four years or more and banning all lobbyist gifts," Hanaway said
in a prepared statement.

Lieutenant Gov. Peter Kinder, who presided over some of the debate this spring
concerning the ethics revisions, also wants a longer gap between being a member
of the Legislature and joining the corps of lobbyists patrolling the Capitol
hallways.

"The Lt. Governor's stated position on ethics reform is that there should be a
two-year cooling off period before legislators can become lobbyists," Kinder
spokeswoman Pam Dixon said.

Businessman John Brunner agrees with his Republican opponents but didn't offer
up a specific length of time that he favors.

"Mr. Brunner does not believe the revolving door ban recently approved goes far
enough," spokesman Mike Hafner said.

On the Democratic side, Attorney General Chris Koster, the party's presumptive
nominee, also suggested that the current law needed to be upgraded.

"Attorney General Koster supports this first step and believes a longer cooling
off period will help remove the appearance of impropriety and help to restore
the public's faith in its government," spokesman Andrew Whalen said.

Messmer said voters should call for a lengthier cooling-off period to ensure
lawmakers aren't cashing in on their public experience.

"Obviously, the more restrictive it is, the less corrupting it is," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  The Missouri state Capitol building in Jefferson City. Photo by Brian
Sirimaturos

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             June 8, 2005 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

STATE STEPS UP LOBBYING PROBE OF VACCO; SETTLEMENT REJECTED;
ISSUE INVOLVES DEAL;
IN BID FOR CASINO

BYLINE: By Tom Precious - NEWS ALBANY BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 508 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


The State Lobbying Commission apparently is intensifying its probe of a contract
between former State Attorney General Dennis C. Vacco and a Rochester developer
seeking a casino deal.

David Grandeau, the commission's executive director, reportedly told members of
its board Tuesday that his investigators were trying to determine whether Crane
and Vacco, Vacco's Albany lobbying firm, had violated any civil or criminal
laws.

Sources said Tuesday evening that Grandeau had told the board that, depending on
the outcome, the findings might be turned over to prosecutors.

Kris Thompson, a spokesman for the commission, said no such referrals have been
made.

The board, he said, had rejected a settlement proposed by Vacco's firm, but
under the commission's policy, he declined to confirm or deny any investigation
of the contract involving Vacco.

James Featherstonhaugh, a lawyer for Vacco's firm, called the investigation
"much ado about nothing" and said Vacco's relationship with the businessman did
not violate state lobbying laws because his activities did not meet the state's
legal definition of lobbying.

Featherstonhaugh confirmed that, on behalf of Crane and Vacco, he had proposed a
settlement under which the firm would pay the state $7,500 and any investigation
or review by the lobbying commission would end.

But the board reportedly decided to advance the matter to the civil penalty
hearing stage.

Investigators are trying to determine whether Vacco and his firm had entered
into a contingency fee arrangement with Thomas Wilmot, a wealthy Rochester
businessman seeking a casino deal in the Finger Lakes area with the
Seneca-Cayuga Tribe of Oklahoma.

If the deal had succeeded, Vacco's firm would have been paid an unknown
percentage from the casino's revenues.

By law, lobbyists cannot engage in contingency fee deals -- in which payments
are based on the success of a project or legislation.

Sources involved in the probe said Wilmot has told lobbying officials that his
deal with Vacco's firm included lobbying.

But Featherstonhaugh said Vacco's work for Wilmot involved discussion with the
administration of Gov. George E. Pataki about a casino compact.

They did not, he said, include lobbying for legislation.

The state limits its definition of lobbying to activities involving legislation.

Meeting with a state agency on client's behalf would not be considered lobbying.

Featherstonhaugh said the commission had told him only that it had rejected his
proposed settlement and that its staff had been instructed to continue looking
into the matter.

"I don't think there's much for them to do," he said, adding, "There's nothing
to hide and nothing to be found. I wish we'd been able to wrap it up, and if we
need to go forward we will and we'll wrap it up eventually."

Messages left at Vacco's firm produced no response late Tuesday. Vacco, a
Republican now of the Town of Boston, served one term as attorney general.

In 1998, he lost his bid for re-election to Eliot L. Spitzer, the Democrat who
still holds the position.

e-mail: tprecious@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dennis Vacco's lobbying firm faces scrutiny over a casino deal.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                              362 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             May 14, 2009 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

STATE LOBBYING WATCHDOG LACKS BITE - STUDY

BYLINE: BY GLENN BLAIN DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 327 words


ALBANY - The embattled state Public Integrity Commission hasn't been nearly as
aggressive in policing the state's lobbying industry as its predecessor, a new
study shows.

Fines levied by the commission totaled $146,100 in 2007 and only $31,650 last
year, a review of the agency's annual reports by the New York Public Interest
Research Group shows.

In the final years of the now-defunct Temporary Commission on Lobbying, fines
totaled $256,825 in 2006 and $393,703 in 2005, NYPIRG reported.

"It shows one of two things: Either the lobbying industry is filling up with
angels or the oversight of the lobbying industry is getting weaker," said
NYPIRG's Blair Horner.

NYPIRG did not compile data for 2004 but found that the former lobbying
commission issued $756,450 in fines in 2003 and $440,550 in 2002.

Walter Ayers, a spokesman for the Public Integrity Commission, declined to
comment.

"I have not had a chance to study the figures, and I am not sure they are
accurate," Ayers said.

The Public Integrity Commission was created in September 2007, after the state
Ethics Commission and the Temporary Commission of Lobbying were merged into a
single agency.

The merger, pushed by then-Gov. Eliot Spitzer, was criticized by good government
groups who felt it gave the governor too much power and forced out the lobbying
commission's bulldog executive director, David Grandeau. The governor appoints
seven of the commission's 13 members.

State Inspector General Joseph Fisch yesterday criticized the commission and
called for the dismissal of Executive Director Herbert Teitelbaum, saying he
leaked details of the Troopergate probe to the Spitzer administration.

Horner said the decline in fines raises further concerns that a single agency
cannot enforce ethics among public officials and police the lobbying industry.

"It may simply be too much to deal with controversies of the magnitude of
Troopergate and the antics of the lobbying industry," Horner said.

gblain@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Daily News, L.P.


                              363 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                             March 31, 2000, Friday

LOBBYISTS SPENT A 'HEALTHY' $72M HERE

BYLINE: KENNETH LOVETT Post Correspondent

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 020

LENGTH: 348 words


ALBANY - Lobbyists are spending more money than ever in New York.

Fueled by a major health-care-reform debate, they spent a whopping $71.9 million
last year on lobbying the state Legislature - an incredible 31 percent increase
over 1998, according to a report released yesterday by a state commission.

The new spending record represents an unprecedented jump over the previous high
of $55 million in 1998.

Only California topped New York last year, say officials from the New York
Temporary State Commission on Lobbying.

"Lobbying continues to be a growth industry here in New York," commission
executive director David Grandeau said.

Lobbying expenses in New York have jumped every year since 1978, when $5.7
million was spent on trying to influence lawmakers.

But 1999 was a particularly banner year. Health-care organizations spent a
combined $15 million on lobbying for revisions to a subsidy program for the
state's health-care industry known as the Health Care Reform Act.

As part of that effort, the state for the first time saw a single lobbyist spend
more than $10 million in one year - five times more than has ever been spent on
one issue in New York before.

The money belonged to the Healthcare Education Project, a joint effort of the
Greater New York Hospital Association and two recently merged unions - the
National Health and Human Service Employees Union Local 1199 and the Service
Employees International Union.

Only a year before, New York Life Insurance Co. became the first lobbyist to
break the $1 million barrier.

Good government groups see the dramatic influx of money into state politics as
proof of the need for tougher campaign finance and lobbying laws.

"Lobbying should be about ideas," said Rachel Leon, executive director of the
New York chapter of Common Cause. "We've gotten so far away from that. It's
becoming government by the highest bidder."

Grandeau said more lobbying money - $12.2 million - was put into advertising
than ever before. And there was also a big jump in expenses for legislative
receptions.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              364 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                              June 20, 2014 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Big 12 signs up lobbying firm

BYLINE: Ryan Autullo American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 307 words


With Capitol Hill threatening to poke its head into the underbelly of college
athletics, the Big 12 Conference has appointed a lobbying firm to represent the
interests of the league's student-athletes.

Big 12 spokesperson Bob Burda said Thursday that the league's decision was in
response to the NCAA appointing a lobbying firm of its own.

"If we begin lobbying efforts on Capitol Hill, we have the mechanism in place to
do so," Burda said.

The website Politico first reported former Missouri Rep. Kenny Hulshof of the
firm Polsinelli will represent the Big 12. Polsinelli, based in Kansas City, has
a long history with the league, previously helping in conference realignment and
in TV contract negotiations.

Reached by phone, Hulshof declined comment, saying he is unauthorized to speak
on the subject.

The NCAA is under unprecedented scrutiny amid antitrust lawsuits and a drive at
Northwestern for player unionization.

Last month, two Congressional Democrats joined in the attack, submitting a
letter to the committee on oversight and government reform demanding information
from NCAA president Mark Emmert about the supervision of course work of student
athletes.

Representatives Elijah Cummings (Maryland) and Tony Cardenas (California) cited
various examples, including an academic fraud case at North Carolina, to accuse
the NCAA and member institutions of sacrificing "their educational goals for the
financial interests of college athletics."

Emmert was in Oakland on Thursday testifying in an antitrust trial aimed at
torpedoing the NCAA's amateur model for regulating college sports. Former UCLA
basketball star Ed O'Bannon is among 20 plaintiff seeking an injunction that
would allow players to band together and sell their names, images and likenesses
in broadcasts and video games.

Contact Ryan Autullo at 512-445-3958.

Twitter: @autulloAAS

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 24, 1995, Monday, Final Edition

There's a New Breed Of Lobbyist in D.C.; Style of Promoting Companies Has
Changed As Industries, Businesses Grow Smaller Still

David Segal, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F01

LENGTH: 1403 words


Adrian Acevedo, Oryx Energy Co.'s Washington man, lives in Dallas these days,
and therein lies a story.

As head of government affairs for an oil company with annual revenue of $ 1
billion, Acevedo used to live here and was frequently seen working the halls of
Congress on behalf of Oryx. Then crude and natural gas prices began falling,
Oryx began a company-wide reorganization of its 1,200 employees and by last
February a decision was made to close down the tiny Washington corporate office.

"Essentially, I'm handling it all right now," Acevedo said in a twang that says
Texas as clearly as his business card.

But moving back home has only made Acevedo a little cannier and more resourceful
about devising ways to monitor and affect issues important to Oryx. "I'm looking
for greater reliance on our trade associations" -- Oryx belongs to five -- "I'll
be using fax machines and e-mail and I'll be flying into D.C. four times a
month."

Out of the Beltway but not out of the loop, Oryx is emblematic of the tenacity
of Washington-based corporate lobbying of fices, one of the area's staple
industries. As businesses across the country downsize, industries as varied as
oil and airlines are figuring out ways to maintain a presence here. Even when a
corporate office sells the furniture and burns up the letterhead, though, it
rarely leaves; either it gets folded into another Washington office as a result
of a merger or it contracts out the work.

If you thought that Ross Perot's talk of "alligator shoes" assailing legislators
in congressional hallways, or even President Clinton's sporadically tough talk
about lobbyists, had the industry in retreat, you'll be surprised to learn that
the landscape of Washington corporate lobbying offices has changed in the past
few years, but not in the ways or for the reasons you might expect. Arrivals
have offset departures, the style of the business has changed dramatically and a
record number of women have assumed top leadership spots. And Clinton, of all
people, has been very good for business.

"When Clinton was elected, the business community expected a resurgence of
government activity," said Henry Ernstthal, an associate professor at George
Washington University. "A lot of corporations felt that even if they were
hurting, they had to figure out ways to be active in Washington."

More than 700 U.S. and international corporations have Washington offices,
according to Ed Zuckerman, editor of the Political Finance and Lobby Reporter,
an Arlington-based publication.

The offices are as varied as the companies that sent them and are spread
throughout downtown Washington and nearby suburbs. The corporations are as old
as Ford Motor Co. and as new as software manufacturer Oracle Communications.
Staffs come in all sizes: General Electric Co. has 80 people at its Pennsylvania
Avenue suite, and Cenex/Land O' Lakes Inc., a regional agricultural cooperative
based in St. Paul, Minn., has a staff of four in Arlington.

Washington company representatives will tell you there's no such thing as a
typical day. The work consists of meeting with and providing information to
legislators and regulators, keeping an ear out for new contracts being let by
the government and advising colleagues in corporate headquarters about what is
happening in Washington.

Nobody is quite sure how many people work in these offices or how much corporate
America pays them. When Congress eliminated the tax deduction for lobbying in
1993, the working assumption was that this would end $ 588 million in write-offs
over five years. But Congress used numbers from the Clerk of the House, with
whom lobbyists are supposed to register. Although 6,576 have signed up, that is
only a fraction of the field, and nobody tabulates how many of those registrants
work in corporate offices. The problem is that the law defining what lobbying
is, a law drafted in 1946 and amended occasionally, is spectacularly vague.

"Many of the most successful lobbyists don't bother to sign up with the Clerk of
the House," said Ray Hoewing, president of the Foundation for Public Affairs, a
group that holds seminars for lobbyists. "You can be in complete compliance with
the law without registering."

Networking is still vitally important to the job, but the image of the
cigar-chomping insider working the phones and slapping the right backs needs an
update. Since the 1970s, Congress has gradually been changing from an
institution with a handful of power centers -- mostly committee chairmen -- to a
place where power is widely spread out among hundreds of fiefdoms, any one of
which could be a crucial ally in a given legislative fight.

The upshot of this evolution has been to change lobbying from a who-you-know
game of access peddling to a game of convincing members of Congress and agency
administrators that you speak for enough folks at home. The upshot of that
change has been a huge uptick in the number of women in top jobs in the game.

"If they wanted someone to drink martinis and play golf, I wouldn't have gotten
the job," said Maxine Champion, Nestle's chief Washington lobbyist. "But
business isn't done that way anymore. Power is more diffuse and you can't just
go to Burning Tree to take care of your business."

Rae Evans has watched the arrival of women in corporate lobbying since she
opened Hallmark Card Inc.'s Washington office in 1981. At the time, she was one
of three women running a corporate lobbying office; these days there are, by her
count, more than 35. Most of these women got their training where most lobbyists
get their training: in government, which was an equal-opportunity employer long
before the private sector.

Given the amount of downsizing going on in corporate America -- about 4 million
jobs eliminated since 1988, according to the American Management Association --
it might seem remarkable that corporations are hiring for their Washington
offices at all. But ever since the arrival of Clinton -- an activist president
who has riled his share of business sectors -- even pinched companies think they
need to be around to keep an eye out for change that might affect them.

Continental Airlines, for instance, has laid off nearly 4,000 of its 36,000
employees this year alone. Its Washington office, which consists of two
lobbyists and two assistants, however, is considered a good investment.
According to spokesperson Ned Walker, it will not be scaled back.

Mobil Corp. has laid off 9,000 of its 60,000 employees since 1990, but has added
two people to its government relations operation. This for a company based just
across the river in Fairfax.

And those Washington offices that seem to have left the city can usually be
found resurrected elsewhere. PPG Industries Inc., Pittsburgh-based makers of
chemicals andglass, for instance, had a Washington corporate office with a staff
of 11 when it closed its doors.

"We had a chairman who was disillusioned with regard to the process of corporate
dialogue with the government," said John Reichenbach, PPG's director of
government affairs. "He didn't feel it was worthwhile."

When Jerry Dempsey took over as chairman last year, he reversed his predecessor
by hiring a number of Washington law firms to handle PPG's lobbying. Dempsey
also rented space in one of those offices for the company's frequent trips to
Washington.

Hallmark closed its Washington office on ly because its chief lobbyist, Rae
Evans, decided she wanted to branch out and make Hallmark just one of several
clients. Hallmark agreed to the arrangement.

These days, a D.C. corporate office vanishes usually only as a result of a
corporate merger. But for each disappearance, a new shop opens either because a
company has gotten large enough to believe it needs a voice in Washington, or
because a company has been created from the rib of another. AirTouch
Communications, for instance, opened its own office after it was spun off from
Pacific Telesis.

Ironically, far more Washington corporate offices departed in the 1980s than are
leaving now. Early in the decade, that was because of a recession, but in the
mid-to-late 1980s there was a political reason: Business regarded Presidents
Reagan and Bush as leaders of sympathetic administrations.

For Ross Perot there's a lesson in here somewhere: The only way to drive
lobbyists from Washington, it seems, is to like them.


LOAD-DATE: April 24, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration, juliette borda for The Washington Post; Photo, juana
arias, Lobbyist Rae Evans opened Hallmark Card's D.C. office in 1981, then
closed it to take on other clients -- still keeping Hallmark as a client.  WHO'S
IN, WHO'S OUT : Comings and Goings Of Corporate Lobbying Offices DEPARTURES *
Oryx Energy Co., Dallas * Hallmark Cards Inc., Kansas City * PPG Industries
Inc., Pittsburgh ARRIVALS * Centra Inc., Sterling Heights, Mich.  * AirTouch
Communications, San Francisco LOBBYING OFFICES THAT RECENTY MERGED * American
Cyanamid Co., Wayne, N.J., and American Home Products Corp., Madison, N.J.  *
Lockheed Corp., Calabasas, Calif., and Martin Marietta Corp., Bethesda SOURCE:
Leslie Swift Rosenweig of the Foundation for Public Affairs.

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              366 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                                October 2, 2006

Idaho Association of Chambers of Commerce may boost lobbying effort

BYLINE: Brad Carlson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 829  words


The Idaho Association of Chambers of Commerce is considering stepping up its
lobbying activity, a move that could inspire some chambers to leave the Idaho
Association of Commerce & Industry. At a meeting slated at 9 a.m. Oct. 6 at the
Boise Metro Chamber of Commerce, the 50-member state chamber group plans to
consider adding a legislative policy committee and possibly a contract lobbyist,
said Idaho Association of Chambers of Commerce President Jonathan Coe.
Representatives of a number of Idaho chambers said they want to make sure they
have a strong voice in the state legislative process, Coe said.

He is president of the Coeur d'Alene Area Chamber of Commerce. "IACI, with that
new structure, we're not sure is going to be the best vehicle for that," he
said. "So the association is considering taking on a new role, a more aggressive
role in public policy and lobbying. " The Idaho Falls Chamber of Commerce is
considering dropping its membership with IACI pending the outcome of this week's
state chamber association meeting, President and CEO Robb Chiles said. "If
nothing comes to fruition regarding a new lobbying effort on behalf of Idaho
chambers, then the Idaho Falls Chamber will need to consider its options," he
said. "The Idaho Falls Chamber has no hard feelings toward IACI or its
leadership," Chiles said. "It's about providing the most benefit for our
membership in terms of lobbying legislative issues that affect our business
community. Eastern Idaho has a difficult time enough in conveying its voice in
Boise. We are for any mechanism that allows us to share our voice with the
legislative decision makers, whether it be through IACI or IACC. " The Boise
Metro Chamber figures to stay in IACI. "I would expect the Boise Chamber to
remain a member of IACI, due to the partnership on behalf of the Boise-area
business community that has taken place over the years," Boise Metro Chamber
Senior Vice President Ray Stark said. The Boise Chamber's advantage is its
proximity to the state Capitol as well as to IACI committee activities, he said.
"Other chambers around the state will want to explore the option of a different
organization for legislative advocacy," Stark said. "Those chambers don't have
the proximity to the Legislature and the state Capitol that the Boise Chamber
has. " Coe said any decision to leave IACI would fall on an individual chamber
of commerce, and that there's no consensus in the state association on that
issue. "IACI, to its credit, has done a good job in providing real-time
information to those of us in the hinterlands about activities in the
Legislature," he said. "They have been a voice for business. Chambers, before
they leave IACI, would want to make sure those kinds of functions are going to
be fulfilled for them. " Idaho chambers of commerce and IACI agree on most
business issues, but IACI opposes local-option taxes. "Chambers support having
more flexibility for local communities to implement sales tax for specific local
projects," Coe said. Some chamber officials have said their emphasis on
businesses ranging from Mom-and-Pop enterprises to larger businesses isn't
always a good fit with IACI's membership that includes big businesses and
corporations, he said. "That is a bit of a motivator in this whole discussion,"
Coe said. Jim Schmit, Idaho president for Qwest Communications and IACI board
chairman, doesn't view IACI as a group for big businesses only. "Nothing was
done in our dues structure to indicate a shift to large business customers," he
said. "If there's any shift, it's to find those issues of common interest to all
businesses regardless of size and regardless of industry. " In its
reorganization this year, IACI increased minimum dues by $150, to $500. Maximum
dues went up by $600, to $10,000. The number of board members was reduced, but a
business of any size can be on the board, Schmit said. IACI reduced the number
of committees to two, and created a working group of the board called the Public
Policy Committee. IACI created a new "affiliate" member classification for
associations, chambers, law firms and lobbyists. Affiliates can't serve on the
Public Policy Committee. "Some people are confusing the old (larger) Public
Affairs Committee with the new Public Policy Committee," Schmit said. Chambers
traditionally served at the committee level rather than the board level, he
said. He hasn't heard from any chamber officials looking to leave, but if that
occurs, there is a risk that business groups could send conflicting messages to
policymakers, he said. Schmit said various chamber directors told him that they
value the information that IACI provides. "We're going to continue to do that.
None of that has changed," he said.

Chamber facts:

Coeur d'Alene Area Chamber of Commerce Members: 1,200+ President: Jonathan Coe

Greater Idaho Falls Chamber of Commerce Members: 800+ President: Robb Chiles

Idaho Association of Chambers of Commerce Members: About 50 President: Coe

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            October 8, 2013 Tuesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

BRING TIA LOBBYING FEES DOWN TO EARTH

SECTION: NATIONAL; TIMES EDITORIALS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 254 words


It's bad enough that a government agency wants to spend public money to get more
public money from another branch of government. It's worse that the Hillsborough
County Aviation Authority will spend $80,000 for a lobbyist just to draft a plan
for lobbying the Legislature. But it's ridiculous that one authority member
suggests the lobbying fees could run to $300,000.

The aviation authority has voted to spend $80,000 to hire the lobbying firm
headed by Al Cardenas, the former head of the Republican Party of Florida. But
that firm will only propose a plan to lobby the Legislature for $250 million for
Tampa International Airport's expansion plan. The real money, apparently, would
come later.

Hillsborough County Commissioner Victor Crist, an aviation authority member who
spent nearly 20 years in the Florida Legislature, estimates it will take
$300,000 to hire enough lobbyists to persuade lawmakers to approve the airport
money. If that's what it takes to get Tallahassee to invest in airports, should
the aviation authority also send a six-figure check to Gov. Rick Scott's
re-election effort?

TIA chief executive officer Joe Lopano and Tampa Mayor Bob Buckhorn, who serves
on the airport board, bristled at spending the kind of money Crist suggests.
Lopano is reaching out to business groups to help make the case for the airport,
whose importance to the region is well established. The last thing the airport
should do as it asks for more money is to damage its credibility with an
egregious example of wasteful spending.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2013 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

          January 5, 1999, Tuesday, SOUTH OF THE FRASER: SURREY/WHITE
                            ROCK/NORTH DELTA EDITION

Amtrak sees obstacles to White Rock stop: Reacting to lobbying by the city, a
company official says multiple customs checks would add time to the run.

BYLINE: CELIA SANKAR; VANCOUVER SUN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B1 / Front

LENGTH: 425 words


Amtrak is confident it will have a second train operating between Seattle and
Vancouver this year.

But the U.S. company isn't promising that will give White Rock the passenger
stop it has spent three years lobbying for.

"Our goal in 1999 is to have a train which will depart Vancouver in the morning
and go to Seattle with a mid-morning arrival," Amtrak spokesman Dominick Albano
said.

Mayor Hardy Staub and the White Rock Chamber of Commerce have talked with Amtrak
about having the new run -- which will be added to the current service between
Seattle and Vancouver-- stop in White Rock.

The city is hoping that "passengers will get off for a while and we'll entertain
them for a while," chamber president Bill Reid said.

Amtrak "never says never," Albano said, but he added the need for customs and
immigration checks poses a major problem with establishing a passenger stop at
White Rock.

Customs checks would have to be done both in Vancouver and in White Rock if
there were a stop there.

"When you have multiple stops and have to go through customs and immigration
that means you have additional time added to the journey and that may make it
unattractive to make multiple stops."

Officials from the White Rock council and chamber will meet this month with U.S.
and Canadian customs officials to discuss the matter, Staub said.

"From what I understand the possibility exists that the second train would be
stopping either in Blaine or White Rock," Staub said. "Where that decisions
stands is up in the air."

The passenger stop would be a big boost to the city's economy, Staub said.

Canadian customs officials say they have not been formally approached by Amtrak
about a stop, but are willing to hold discussions with all parties.

"There are all sorts of things to be worked out," said Al Watt, chief of
operations for Pacific highways crossings, a division of Canada Customs. "I
wouldn't say we are an obstacle. We're certainly eager to provide service
wherever we can to benefit tourism."

Amtrak ridership in the Pacific Northwest went up 13.7 per cent in 1998, with a
record 550,000 passengers on the 792-kilometre corridor between Eugene,
Portland, Seattle and Vancouver.

The current service -- which leaves Seattle at 7:45 a.m. and arrives in
Vancouver at 11:45 a.m. with a return journey leaving Vancouver at 6 p.m. and
arriving at Seattle at 9:55 p.m. -- allows passengers to make a day trip up
north.

The new service will allow passengers boarding in Vancouver to make day trips to
the U.S..


LOAD-DATE: January 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       May 15, 2003 Thursday Home Edition

Ex-lawmaker cleared in probe of lobbying

BYLINE: RHONDA COOK

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 3E

LENGTH: 461 words


State investigators on Wednesday cleared former state Rep. Robin Williams of
wrongdoing in lobbying state officials on behalf of a southeast Georgia
hospital.

Deputy Attorney General Mike Hobbs, writing in a memo to Attorney General
Thurbert Baker last week, said there was no evidence Satilla Health Services
used Medicaid or Medicare funds to pay Williams, an Augusta Republican, for
lobbying. Hobbs also wrote there was no evidence that money was given to buy
influence from any public official or the administrative law judge considering
the Waycross hospital's application for a certificate of need to offer open
heart surgery for adults.

The FBI also was reportedly investigating the allegations, but spokesman Joe
Parris reiterated Wednesday that it was the bureau's policy not to confirm or
deny any investigation.

"I'm happy they finally got it done," Williams said in an interview. "The
outcome is exactly what I said from the beginning; nothing was done wrong."

Sen. Rene Kemp (D-Hinesville) asked the attorney general to determine whether
the hospital had illegally spent state Medicaid funds for lobbying and whether
Williams "did anything wrong in lobbying for the CON [certificate of need]."

Satilla hired Williams for $150,000 after the state Department of Community
Health rejected Satilla's application to offer open heart surgery. A hearing
officer reversed the agency's decisionin June. But competing hospitals appealed,
and the department's review board overturned the hearing officer's decision. The
matter is now pending in Ware County Superior Court.

According to Hobbs' 13-page report, Williams introduced Satilla officials last
year to Lt. Gov. Mark Taylor; Renee Blumenthal, an aide to then-Gov. Roy Barnes;
Community Health Commissioner Gary Redding; then-House Speaker Tom Murphy, and
then-Senate Majority Leader Charles Walker.

The report said no one discussed the application for a certificate. Williams
said he made the introductions only to "show the Satilla group that he [had]
sufficient 'pull' to see people who might be in a position of influence. But he
further stated that it was never his intention to ask any politician to
intercede on behalf of Satilla in the CON process," according to the report.
Competition for such certificates is often intense because expanding medical
services usually means lost business for a competing facility.

Despite the state's finding, Kemp criticized the Williams contract. "Robin
Williams got paid for doing nothing. It was a sham on Satilla Hospital Authority
and he ought to give the money back," Kemp said.

Williams responded that he did what he was paid to do: evaluate the competition
and try to persuade competing hospitals to drop their challenges.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              370 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            December 5, 2006 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Early exit for 2 state senators Grossman and Teck are resigning their seats to
avoid being covered by the lobbying curbs in newly passed Amendment 41.

BYLINE: Mark P. Couch Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 502 words


Two Colorado state senators are resigning their seats early to avoid the
two-year lobbying ban imposed by the recently approved Amendment 41.

Sen. Dan Grossman, D-Denver, resigned his seat Friday, and Sen. Ron Teck,
R-Grand Junction, said Monday that he will give up his seat Dec. 15.

The senators said the amendment's tough restriction on lobbying could affect
their ability to do their jobs or pursue future employment.

Their terms end in about a month, but the legislators are resigning now to avoid
being covered by the amendment, which takes effect after Gov. Bill Owens issues
a proclamation declaring the election results.

"It was tough for me," said Grossman, who joined the nonprofit Environmental
Defense this year as Rocky Mountain regional director. "But there was too much
uncertainty. There was too much risk."

Teck, who resigned his position as acting manager of real estate projects for
Mesa State College in August, said he was concerned that the amendment's ban on
lobbying could hurt his employment prospects.

"I don't have any plans to become a lobbyist," said Teck, who could not run for
re-election because of term limits. "But I am interested in the public-policy
arena. Amendment 41 would say you can't do that."

Grossman, who did not run for re-election this year, said he feared he would not
be able to discuss environmental matters with his former colleagues.

"I spent some time reading Amendment 41 and talking with my employer," Grossman
said. "I came to the conclusion that I would not be able to advocate for a
cleaner environment to leave our children."

Grossman said he didn't plan to actively lobby at the Capitol but that Amendment
41's restrictions could prevent him from even testifying at committees on
environmental issues.

Grossman said his resignation took effect Friday, the same day Colorado
Secretary of State Gigi Dennis certified the results of the Nov. 7 election.

Amendment 41 passed overwhelmingly, with 63 percent of the voters approving the
measure. Along with the lobbying ban, the measure bans gifts to state officials,
prevents lobbyists from buying a meal for an elected official and creates an
ethics commission to investigate complaints.

Owens' spokesman, Dan Hopkins, said the governor has not yet issued the
proclamation that will trigger the amendment.

Teck said he is "rolling the dice" by making his resignation official Dec. 15
rather than immediately, but he is hoping Owens will wait until after a four-day
legislative meeting in Phoenix that begins Wednesday.

Both senators' terms will expire Jan. 10.

Dana Williams, spokeswoman for the secretary of state's office, said Grossman
and Teck are the only lawmakers to submit resignations since Election Day.

Jenny Flanagan, executive director of Colorado Common Cause, which was one of
the primary advocates for the amendment, said: "These guys have moved on to
other things, and that's fine.

"This wasn't written to be retroactive."

Staff writer Mark P. Couch can be reached at 303-954-1794 or
mcouch@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              371 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Republic (Mitchell, South Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 28, 2012 Wednesday

Herseth Sandlin participates in talk over Shakespeare, lobbying

BYLINE: Tom Lawrence, The Daily Republic, Mitchell, S.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 288 words


March 28--Former South Dakota congresswoman Stephanie Herseth Sandlin discussed
lobbying, the hyper-partisan climate today and Shakespeare during a panel
discussion in Washington, D.C., last week.

Herseth Sandlin has been keeping a low public profile of late, although she is
scheduled to serve as the emcee during the McGovern Day Dinner on Saturday night
in Sioux Falls.

She is currently a lobbyist/lawyer with the D.C.-based Olsson Frank Weeda Terman
Matz law firm.

Last week, she took part in the Shakespeare Theatre Company's third "Shakespeare
and the Law" panel discussion at the Sidney Harman Hall in Washington.

According to Roll Call reporter Neda Semnani, who titled a preview of the event
"To Dream, Perchance to Lobby," the theme was "Shakespeare, Lobbying and
Elizabethan England."

The panel included Herseth Sandlin, Nick Allard with the lobbying and law firm
of Patton Boggs, Michael Isikoff, the national investigative correspondent with
NBC News, and Melanie Sloan with Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in
Washington.

There were several other big names at the event: Supreme Court Justice Ruth
Bader Ginsburg presided, and Supreme Court Justices Samuel Alito and Elena Kagan
joined Ginsburg at the bench.

Herseth Sandlin's participation in the McGovern Day events will cap a day that
starts with a debate between the two Democrats who are running for her old House
seat: Matt Varilek and Jeff Barth.

In January, Herseth Sandlin, 41, passed on taking another run at Rep. Kristi
Noem, the freshman Republican from rural Hamlin County who unseated her in 2010.

___ (c)2012 The Daily Republic (Mitchell, S.D.) Visit The Daily Republic
(Mitchell, S.D.) at www.mitchellrepublic.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120328-JQ-Herseth-Sandlin-participates-in-talk-over-Shakespeare-
lobbying-0328-20120328

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JQ


                       Copyright 2012 The Daily Republic


                              372 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             January 8, 2006 Sunday

THE REAL STEVE SANDERS, AT LAST

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 385 words


Former state Assemblyman Steve Sanders long served as an unofficial lobbyist for
New York's entrenched education interests - the teachers unions and their
various allies, all of whom want lots more money but no more accountability.

One might even say he was their puppet, and not be wrong.

Now, upon his retirement from the Assembly and stepping down as chairman of that
body's Education Committee, Speaker Sheldon Silver's erstwhile henchman has
finally made an honest man of himself.

He's joining the lobbying firm of Crane and Vacco. And one of his first clients
is the Council of School Supervisors and Administrators (i.e., the city's
public-school principals' union).

Now, just how Sanders can join a lobbying firm, fresh from his job representing
his Manhattan district in the Legislature, is one of the eternal absurdities of
Albany.

After all, it's spelled out fairly clearly in the state's Public Officers Law
(Section 73, Paragraph 8(a)(iii), for those following along at home) that
members of the Legislature are barred from lobbying for two years after serving.

The law boils it all down to one sentence: "No person who has served as a member
of the Legislature shall within a period of two years after the termination of
such service receive compensation for any services on behalf of any person,
firm, corporation or association to promote or oppose, directly or indirectly,
the passage of bills or resolutions by either house of the Legislature."

Two years.

No lobbying.

Direct or indirect.

Pretty clear.

And yet here we have Sanders joining the lobbying firm of former Attorney
General Dennis Vacco.

Vacco's problem? He's a Republican, but he doesn't want to run a "one-house"
lobbying shop, with connections only in the GOP-controlled Senate.

Sanders is in with the Democrat-controlled Assembly and, of course, its leader,
Speaker Silver.

So what are the chances that Sanders will conduct his business in strict
compliance with the law?

We'd guess: pretty close to nil.

But don't expect any scrutiny from the toothless Legislative Ethics Committee,
which routinely looks the other way as retired legislators and their staffs
(whose lobbying is also supposed to be restricted) make a mint peddling
influence among their former colleagues.

New Yorkers could hardly expect any less.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              373 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 7, 2015

Citizens can make a difference at Legislative Hall;
POLITICS

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 812  words


You can't fight city hall, so goes the old saying. The same might be said of
Legislative Hall.

Nor should you try, according to John Flaherty, president of the Delaware
Coalition of Open Government.

When talking to legislators about a new law, the key is persuasion, not
confrontation.

Flaherty, who has lobbied for four decades, recently presented a talk at
Legislative Hall in Dover for people interested in lobbying their state senators
and representatives.

In Delaware, anybody can be a lobbyist. You don't even have to register, as long
as you're not lobbying on behalf of an organization. Those who are have to
register with the Public Integrity Commission.

The one exception to this rule are government lobbyists. These are people who
work for state agencies, but whose main job is lobbying.

Only they're not called lobbyists. They go by euphemisms like "legislative
agents" or "governmental affairs representatives."

"And they do a lot of lobbying," Flaherty said. It's not just talk either. "They
do have some pretty big shindigs, to say the least," Flaherty said.

These "shindigs," which legislators attend, are paid for with taxpayer dollars.
So you have one branch of the government lobbying another branch. You could even
argue that the government is in effect lobbying itself - with public funds.

Flaherty has no beef with lobbying by government agencies. He just thinks they
should have to follow the same rules he does. Flaherty is required to register
as a lobbyist, tell people he's lobbying, and submit financial reports.

If a registered lobbyist takes a legislator to lunch, he has to report it. State
agency lobbyists don't have to.

How much do they spend lobbying the state legislature? The figure is buried
within the budgets of state agencies.

Flaherty said there are hundreds of lobbyists in Dover, all of whom have their
own techniques. "There is no right or wrong way," he said.

But some basic guidelines apply. Here are tips from The Lobby Handbook, which
Flaherty used for his talk:

Know the legislative process. This will help you save time. Bills can be tracked
online. You can find out the bill's committee, sponsors and status.

Know your facts. Be accurate. Be brief. Leave a one-page summary of facts and
figures.

Build support for the issue. Work with other people, other groups.

Flaherty also tells people to realize that there are hundreds of issues. Your
legislator, no matter how diligent, won't necessarily be knowledgeable about
your issue.

Above all, Flaherty counsels patience. Enacting laws can take years. (Defeating
a law, he said, is easier than getting a law passed.)

If patience is a virtue, Flaherty qualifies as a saint.

Flaherty told of one bill that that took decades to become law.

It was a bill to allow limited voting rights for felons. He started work on the
bill in 1977; it passed in 2000.

That still wasn't the end. There was a waiting period before the law went into
effect. From start to finish it took 32 years.

"You need to have patience if you're going to be down here," he said. "Patience
is in short supply."

Flaherty's organization, DelCOG, is, as you might guess, a good government
group. Its mission is "promoting and defending the people's right to
transparency and accountability in government."

It's part of a national organization that works to strengthen the Freedom of
Information Act.

People often take a perverse pride in believing that we live in the worst of
times; that government has never been as inefficient and venal as it is now.

Flaherty doesn't agree. He remembers the first time he went to talk - or lobby -
a senator back in 1974. The senator poured himself a beer from his office
refrigerator and asked Flaherty if he'd like a cold one. (Flaherty turned him
down.)

That's much less likely to happen now. "There's a lot less partying going on,"
Flaherty said. "It's much more serious, much more professional."

Flaherty also recalled one of the sneakier deals in the history of the state
Senate.

In 1974, Republicans held a 12-9 majority in the Senate. Two members of the
Republican caucus, senators Tony Ciccione and J. Donald Isaacs, offered to
switch parties in exchange for leadership positions.

Voila! Democrats now held an 11-10 edge, an advantage they have maintained for
four decades, or to put it another way, since before Sen. Ernie Lopez, R-Lewes,
was born.

Politicians still make deals of course. That's part of democracy. But more so
than in most states, citizens in Delaware can play a part in enacting or
defeating legislation.

Just find an issue you're passionate about. Maybe something like stricter rules
for government lobbyists.

For copies of The Lobby Handbook, which was compiled with the help of the League
of Women Voters of Delaware, call the Delaware Commission for Women at
302-577-5287.

Don Flood is a former newspaper editor living near Lewes. He can be reached at
floodpoliticsffigmail.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2015 Cape Gazette


                              374 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            October, 8, 2013 Tuesday

Bring TIA lobbying fees down to earth

LENGTH: 258 words


by A Times Editorial

It's bad enough that a government agency wants to spend public money to get more
public money from another branch of government. It's worse that the Hillsborough
County Aviation Authority will spend $80,000 for a lobbyist just to draft a plan
for lobbying the Legislature. But it's ridiculous that one authority member
suggests the lobbying fees could run to $300,000.

The aviation authority has voted to spend $80,000 to hire the lobbying firm
headed by Al Cardenas, the former head of the Republican Party of Florida. But
that firm will only propose a plan to lobby the Legislature for $250 million for
Tampa International Airport's expansion plan. The real money, apparently, would
come later.

Hillsborough County Commissioner Victor Crist, an aviation authority member who
spent nearly 20 years in the Florida Legislature, estimates it will take
$300,000 to hire enough lobbyists to persuade lawmakers to approve the airport
money. If that's what it takes to get Tallahassee to invest in airports, should
the aviation authority also send a six-figure check to Gov. Rick Scott's
re-election effort?

TIA chief executive officer Joe Lopano and Tampa Mayor Bob Buckhorn, who serves
on the airport board, bristled at spending the kind of money Crist suggests.
Lopano is reaching out to business groups to help make the case for the airport,
whose importance to the region is well established. The last thing the airport
should do as it asks for more money is to damage its credibility with an
egregious example of wasteful spending.

Main

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 18, 2013 Monday
                                 Every Edition

Mercury's D.C. shop adds more Democrats

BYLINE: Catherine Ho

SECTION: Pg. A15

LENGTH: 694 words


National public affairs firm Mercury and its Washington lobbying unit,
Mercury/Clark & Weinstock, are on a mission to diversify.

For a firm known for its ties to national Republican politicians John McCain and
Mitt Romney, that means two things: More Democrats, and more state-level
lobbying. Both initiatives are part of co-Chairman Vin Weber's strategy to make
the firm more bipartisan and full-service.

Last month, Mercury opened its first outpost in Raleigh, N.C. - its ninth
state-based office outside the District - and today plans to announce a trio of
new hires to bolster its $7 million-a-year lobbying practice in D.C., which
makes up about a third of the firm's business.

Joining the Washington office are former Rep. Denny Rehberg (R-Mont.) and
Democratic consultants Erick Mullen and Karen Hinton, both of whom have deep
ties to the Clinton administration and high-level Democratic players in
Congress. Rehberg, a six-term congressman, chaired the House appropriations
subcommittee on labor, health and human services, and education before losing a
Senate bid last November. Mullen was a senior staffer for Sen. Charles E.
Schumer (D-N.Y.). Hinton worked for former Housing Secretary Andrew Cuomo during
the second Clinton administration.

Although Mercury has prominent Democratic leaders nationally - co-chairman and
former Bronx borough president Fernando Ferrer is in the firm's New York office,
and former California Assembly Speaker Fabian Nunez heads its California
operations - its Washington federal lobbying roster is predominantly Republican,
by a ratio of nearly 3 to 1, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, a
research group tracking money in politics.

Weber founded the independent lobby shop, then called Clark & Weinstock, in
1996, before merging and becoming part of the Mercury brand in 2011. Mercury is
a part of Omnicom Group, a global advertising, marketing and corporate
communications company.

"We're consciously trying to build out more Democrats," Weber said. "It is a
really important step for us to take. You need a bipartisan balance to do
business in Washington."

The push, Weber said, is not so much an image makeover as it is a "capability
enhancement." But some of the firm's Republican allegiances are well documented.
Weber  was a donor and special adviser to Mitt Romney in the 2012 campaign. Ed
Kutler, a leading Republican lobbyist, is a managing director at the firm. And
two of Mercury's former strategists, Brian Jones and Steve Schmidt - famously
played by Woody Harrelson in the HBO movie "Game Change" about tensions within
the McCain camp over vice presidential pick Sarah Palin - were high-level
advisers for the Arizona senator's 2008 presidential run. Both have since left
for other public relations firms.

Shift to state-level lobbying

Mercury's move to expand lobbying at the state level is part of a shift much of
the industry is making as major policy fights move from a gridlocked Congress to
state  governments.

"People are gravitating toward state lobbying because we've reached a point
where there's nothing really going on on the Hill," said Ivan Adler, a
headhunter for lawyers and lobbyists at the McCormick Group. "There's likely not
going to be a lot going on this legislative cycle either. So [Mercury] and
others are embellishing their shops in state capitals because there's business
there."

Weber said firm leaders zeroed in on a handful of states to open up shop -
Florida in 2009, California in 2010, Pennsylvania in 2011 and North Carolina
this year - specifically because they are "big population centers with lots of
issues going on."

As state officials implement state-based health insurance exchanges mandated by
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, health care is poised to ignite
policymaking debates at the local level for years to come.

"When I first started out, you didn't get a lot of questions about state-level
activity and grass roots," said Weber, a former Minnesota congressman. "Now
there's not a line between federal and state issues, and every solid public
affairs campaign includes both a grass-roots public affairs and lobbying
ability."

hoc@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       August 1, 2003 Friday Home Edition

Lobbying post set for ex-regulator;
Environmentalists raise questions of influence

BYLINE: STACY SHELTON

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 867 words


Less than two months after leaving state employment, former chief environmental
regulator Harold Reheis will join one of Georgia's most powerful lobbying
groups.

Its clients include some of the same companies he regulated for more than 30
years.

Reheis, the state Environmental Protection Division director for 12 years, will
become a partner in Joe Tanner & Associates Sept. 8. The firm, led by another
state veteran, made the announcement Thursday.

Despite the job change, Reheis will continue to advise Gov. Sonny Perdue in
water negotiations among Georgia, Alabama and Florida. The outcome could
determine whether metro Atlanta will have enough water to continue rapid growth
through 2030.

While no state laws prevent Reheis from immediately lobbying on behalf of
companies he regulated, Joe Tanner said a company policy requires the former EPD
director to wait a year before consulting on matters he worked on as a state
employee. Tanner imposed the one-year rule on himself in 1997 when he left his
state position as executive director of the former Gov. Zell Miller's
privatization commission.

"A year seemed to be a logical time period," Tanner said in a telephone
interview while driving in South Georgia to see a client. "I've had people tell
me they didn't understand what a conflict of interest was, and they weren't
concerned about it. We are. We may even make it longer."

Sorting out the fuzzy relationships between state officials and lobbyists topped
Perdue's to-do list when he became governor in January. On his first day in
office, he issued an executive order forbidding most state employees from
speaking for one year to former state employees who become lobbyists. His order
does not apply to employees who work for other elected state officials, such as
the secretary of state.

This spring the governor also backed ethics legislation that would have made
legislators and other state officials wait one year after leaving office before
registering as lobbyists. The proposed legislation failed.

During his 28 years with the state, Tanner served as commissioner of two state
departments --- natural resources and labor --- before Miller assigned him the
job of negotiating management leases to privatize state-owned operations,
including Stone Mountain Park and Lake Lanier Islands. Tanner now lobbies on
behalf of KSL Lake Lanier Inc., which got the lake contract.

Clients benefit

Tanner clients that could benefit from Reheis' experience include landfill owner
Newco Ventures, power company Tenaska Georgia Partners, waste management company
Advanced Disposal Services, and Georgians for Better Transportation, an
industry-supported group that lobbies government to fund roads and other
transportation systems. Walton County Water & Sewerage Authority, another
client, wants to build a reservoir that would require a state water withdrawal
permit.

Sierra Club lobbyist Neill Herring, who often sparred with Reheis over
environmental legislation, said, "There's no point in Joe Tanner hiring Harold
if Harold doesn't have clients who he issued permits to . . . Joe Tanner is
hiring influence, he's not hiring expertise."

Herring said Reheis' former subordinates could find themselves debating Reheis
over state permits he issued for landfills, power plants, industrial discharges
into rivers or any other regulated environmental activity.

Atlanta attorney Emmet Bondurant, chairman of Common Cause Georgia, a group that
lobbies for ethics in government, said a one-year waiting period is preferable
to none. Even better would be an outright prohibition against former state
employees becoming lobbyists, he said.

"It's the classic revolving-door problem," Bondurant said. "There's no guarantee
that while in office they did not cut a sweetheart deal to go lightly on
enforcement in order to make themselves more attractive in the employment
market."

Reheis said he doesn't have any qualms about working for clients he once
regulated. "I felt fine about it when I was in consulting engineering" during a
brief interlude in the private sector early in his career.

"I hope that we'll be working with clients that we like and respect, and support
their projects," Reheis said. "If we can't support their projects, we ought not
to be taking them on as clients. I would hope to be able to advocate for their
projects, and if they need environmental permits, help them through that process
in some way."

Tough but fair

During his tenure with the state, the EPD director often was vilified by
environmentalists, while officials from the industries he regulated described
him as tough but fair. State legislators from both parties looked to him for
expert opinion.

Tanner, who recommended Reheis for the director's position in 1991, said his
friend could have made a lot more money in the private realm of environmental
compliance. His salary with EPD was $118,615. Now, Reheis will have part
ownership in Tanner's firm. Tanner would not say how much Reheis will be paid.

"He's just such a great guy, and he works hard. He's very smart," Tanner said.
"Even people who don't agree with him still respect him, and that's hard to
achieve."

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Harold Reheis will join a lobbying group Sept. 8.

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              377 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 3, 1997, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Mayor Says Lobbying Ban Might Violate Constitution

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 738 words


Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani acknowledged yesterday that he would not be able to
prohibit the lobbying of city agencies, saying that such a ban would probably
violate rights to free speech. But he said he still hoped to present legislation
that would stiffen disclosure rules and restrict the circumstances under which
lobbying would be allowed.

The Mayor had announced in February that he wanted to bar lobbying of city
agencies, seeking to deflect criticism that he had let two of his closest unpaid
advisers, Raymond B. Harding and Herman Badillo, develop a thriving business
lobbying the Giuliani administration.

"It is a more intricate matter than I realized when I first said it," Mr.
Giuliani said yesterday at a news conference, "because you have, according to
the Law Department, and I really agree with this on reflection, you have a lot
of constitutional provisions that surround it."

He did not explain how the legislation would affect current lobbying practices,
saying the changes were under discussion. "We are trying to come up with a
proposal that is constitutional," he said, "that meets the requirements of
people being able to make choices about lawyers and lobbyists."

The Mayor made his comments after defending Mr. Badillo against reports that he
had invoked Mr. Giuliani's name to persuade the city's hospitals agency to deal
leniently with a company that had hired Mr. Badillo's law firm.

Mr. Badillo has denied the reports, which were published yesterday in The New
York Times.

Asked about the article, Mr. Giuliani said: "Mr. Badillo tells me that he did
not make those comments. I have known Herman Badillo a very long time, and I
trust him, and I believe him when he tells me that."

Mr. Giuliani said Mr. Badillo had done nothing wrong in his work for the
company, US Servis. The hospitals agency gave the company a $16 million contract
in 1995 to install a computerized billing system, but agency officials later
contended that the company had mismanaged the contract. The agency then tried to
break the contract.

The Times reported yesterday that a former high-ranking official at the agency,
Dr. Walid Michelen, said Mr. Badillo pressured him by telling him that the Mayor
would be angry if US Servis lost the contract.

Other officials at the agency, the Health and Hospitals Corporation, confirmed
Dr. Michelen's assertions.

After Mr. Badillo intervened, the agency dropped its effort to break the
contract and paid the company $2.11 million, according to agency records. The
agency is now moving to break the contract again, saying that the company is
still mismanaging the billing system.

Mr. Badillo represented US Servis last year, though at the time, one of his law
partners, Jonathan A. Ballan, was on the governing board of the hospitals
agency. Richard Fischbein, another partner at the law firm, Fischbein Badillo
Wagner Harding, maintained that Mr. Ballan had no role in any decisions about US
Servis.

The firm did not register with the city as a lobbyist for US Servis. City law
states that lobbying includes efforts to influence officials in their
"administration of a contract."

Mr. Fischbein said the firm did not register to lobby because it was doing legal
work for the company, not lobbying. He cited a provision in the city's lobbying
law that creates an exemption for lawyers who are engaged in "dispute
resolution" over a contract. Those lawyers, he said, are not considered
lobbyists.

But on at least three other occasions last year, Fischbein Badillo registered as
lobbyists to do what appeared to be the same kind of work that the firm
performed for US Servis, records show.

Asked about those similarities, Mr. Fischbein said the firm had registered as
lobbyists for those other companies out of "an excess of caution."

At the news conference yesterday, Mr. Giuliani questioned whether Dr. Michelen,
the former high-ranking hospitals agency official, was being truthful. Dr.
Michelen was a senior vice president at the Health and Hospitals Corporation
until December, when he stepped down to become a senior executive at
Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center.

"He left the agency under rather difficult circumstances, including a very, very
strong dispute on our whole policy of privatization," the Mayor said of Dr.
Michelen.

Dr. Michelen said yesterday that he stood by his statements in The Times
article, and he declined to comment further.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              378 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             July 2, 1998 Thursday

TOBACCO FIRMS REVEAL MINNESOTA LOBBYING FEES;
COMPANIES SPENT $250,000 IN FIRST SIX MONTHS OF '98

BYLINE: David Shaffer, Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 524 words


Cigarette makers spent $250,000 to lobby in Minnesota in the first half of 1998,
according to the first detailed disclosure reports filed Wednesday.

Philip Morris, the industry-leading manufacturer of Marlboro cigarettes, spent
the most, paying $75,742 to its own lobbyists, plus $81,121 to the Tobacco
Institute, the industry trade group, and two other organizations.

The second-largest cigarette maker, R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., spent $57,860 on
its own lobbyists and contributed $22,473 to the institute and another group
during the six-month period.

It was the first time any Minnesota organizations have been required to report
exact amounts spent on lobbying. Under state law, groups that lobby are required
only to reveal whether lobbying expenses fall into various dollar ranges,
without giving the precise figure.

But the tobacco companies, under terms of the May 8 settlement of the Minnesota
tobacco litigation, agreed to report specific amounts paid to lobbyists and
related lobbying groups in the state. The first quarterly reports were due
Wednesday.

"We need broad disclosure of what the industry spends on its lobbying and
behind-the-scenes efforts to defeat legislation that protects public health,"
Minnesota Attorney General Hubert H. Humphrey III said in a statement.

The highest-paid tobacco company lobbyist in Minnesota during the period was
Chuck Brown Consulting Group. It received $39,583, followed by Todd Hill, who
received $28,083. Both worked for Philip Morris; the figures include fees and
expenses.

Other Minnesota lobbyists on the tobacco payroll were Ronald Jerich ($21,557),
Douglas Kelm ($17,500) and Robert Fackler ($16,803), all representing Reynolds.
Philip Morris also reported paying Milwaukee-based lobbyist Paul Lucas $9,076.

The reports show that tobacco companies contributed to allies in legislative
battles, including the Minnesota Grocers Association ($1,000), the Minnesota
Retailers Association ($2,000) and the Minnesota Chamber of Commerce ($5,000).

Lorillard Tobacco Corp. reported spending $12,632 and Brown & Williams Tobacco
Corp. reported $1,122 on lobbying. Neither identified specific lobbyists. The
Tobacco Institute, a Washington, D.C.-based group with a regional office in St.
Paul and four registered lobbyists, didn't file a report, apparently because of
a loophole in the settlement, but received $108,227 from the companies to lobby
in the state.

The May 8 agreement requires "settling defendants" - the four largest tobacco
companies - to disclose lobbying expenses. The Tobacco Institute, which is
financed entirely by tobacco companies, was a defendant in the lawsuit, but
wasn't a signer of the $6.2 billion settlement, thus not a "settling defendant."

Humphrey said government attorneys are analyzing the reports to verify whether
they comply with the settlement. If a dispute arises over the disclosure, Ramsey
County Chief Judge Lawrence Cohen could be asked to rule on the matter.

Staff writer David Shaffer can be reached at 228-5458 or
dshaffer@pioneerpress.com .

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1998 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              379 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 29, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Gift to Lobbyists

SECTION: Section 14; Column 1; The City Weekly Desk; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 263 words


If lobbyists are the plague of government, they have just been loosed in New
York. A state court recently declared parts of the state's lobbying law
unconstitutional, saying it does not grant proper hearings to those fined for
illegal activities.

The ruling leaves enforcement of lobbying rules in limbo -- the last place they
need to be in Albany.

Attorney General Eliot Spitzer should wage a vigorous appeal to a higher court
to overturn the State Supreme Court justice's ruling. But in the meantime, it is
unclear whether lobbyists have to report, for the public record, whose bills
they are pushing in the State Legislature. It's hard to imagine how you could
add more fog to the murky world of Albany influence-peddling, but be assured
that the $100-million-a-year lobbying crowd is already using the confusion to
pitch even more secretively for every industry and special-interest group. The
New York Public Interest Research Group views this as a state emergency and has
asked Gov. George E. Pataki to call a special session of the Legislature to fix
the lobbying laws.

Mr. Pataki could score a lot of points with average voters by calling the
do-nothing crowd back to Albany and tasking them not with just reinstating the
old lobbying laws, but with the long-sought reform of the whole system.

In the interim, the Temporary State Commission on Lobbying should take the view
that lobbyists must still inform the public about who hires them, which
legislators they lobby and how much they are being paid to do it.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              380 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 14, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Giuliani Urges Lobbying Ban For Agencies

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 864 words


Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani said yesterday that he wanted to prohibit all lobbying
of city agencies, asserting that his administration was so accessible and fair
that there was no need for anyone to hire lobbyists. But the Mayor conceded that
he did not know how such a ban would work and that the concept raised knotty
questions about free speech.

Mr. Giuliani made his impromptu proposal after Democrats criticized him over his
relationship with two prominent unpaid advisers, Raymond B. Harding and Herman
Badillo. News accounts in recent days have detailed how the two men have set up
a thriving business lobbying city agencies that Mr. Giuliani oversees, even as
they continue to advise him on politics and policy.

Mr. Giuliani insisted at a news conference that his administration had shown no
favoritism to Mr. Harding, Mr. Badillo or any other lobbyist. But his
announcement appeared to be an effort to blunt any attempts by his potential
Democratic opponents in the coming mayoral election to use the lobbying to
impugn his ethics.

Yesterday morning, in fact, one Democratic contender, Ruth W. Messinger, the
Manhattan Borough President, said she would push legislation in the City Council
that would require unpaid mayoral advisers like Mr. Harding and Mr. Badillo to
abide by the city's strict financial disclosure and conflict of interest rules.

And the informal nature of the Mayor's proposal quickly brought accusations from
the Democrats that he was trying to divert attention from the controversy over
Mr. Harding and Mr. Badillo.

In an interview after the news conference, Mr. Giuliani denied that his proposal
was a response to attacks over his ties to the two men, saying that he had long
believed that lobbying could largely be eliminated from city agencies. He said
he had instructed his aides to draft legislation that he would give to the City
Council in the coming weeks.

"As a practical matter, you do not need intermediaries to deal with the
executive branch of government," Mr. Giuliani said. "People are turned down just
as often when they have lobbyists as when they appear themselves." Some lobbying
experts said they doubted that the Mayor would be able to compose legislation
that would withstand a court challenge.

But Mr. Giuliani said he recognized that any such prohibition would have to be
written so it did not violate constitutional guarantees of freedom of speech.
Another problem would be to distinguish between legal representation and
lobbying.

"We don't know yet how it will work," Mr. Giuliani said, acknowledging that he
had decided to make the proposal only 15 minutes before he actually announced
it.

The Mayor could conceivably prohibit lobbying of city agencies without
legislation, simply by issuing an executive order banning officials from dealing
with lobbyists. He could even informally instruct them not to do so. But he said
the strongest possible ban would be one that was in law, so he wanted to try
that first. If approved, such legislation might smother a prosperous industry
that in recent decades has become such a fixture that it is almost regarded as
another branch of the municipal government. In 1995, the last year records were
compiled, lobbyists who registered with the city billed their clients more than
$9 million in fees, officials said.

The top 10 firms, which include the one led by Mr. Harding and Mr. Badillo,
reaped more than $5 million in lobbying fees. Those figures include lobbying of
the Council, which the Mayor did not propose banning.

The debate over Mr. Giuliani's relationship with Mr. Harding and Mr. Badillo
heated up following news reports that the law firm where the two are senior
partners, Fischbein Badillo Wagner Harding, had seen a sharp rise in its
lobbying clients since Mr. Giuliani took office. In 1993, the firm had 3 such
clients; it now has nearly 60.

Some Democrats charged that the Mayor let the firm lobby his administration
because he did not want to alienate Mr. Harding, the leader of the state Liberal
Party and Mr. Giuliani's closest political adviser.

Mr. Giuliani's remarks yesterday were in contrast to recent comments by one of
his top advisers, Fran Reiter, the Deputy Mayor for economic development and a
protege of Mr. Harding. In an interview, Ms. Reiter said lobbyists were helpful
because they assisted clients in navigating the municipal government, saving
time for administration officials. "The lobbyists that are really good can make
everybody's life easier," she said.

Asked about Ms. Reiter's remarks, Mr. Giuliani said yesterday that he strongly
disagreed with her.

Mr. Harding said he supported the Mayor, adding that he was first a lawyer, then
a lobbyist, so he would not suffer if he were barred from lobbying the
administration. Mr. Badillo declined to comment.

Some of the potential Democratic contenders scoffed at Mr. Giuliani's proposal.
They said there was nothing wrong with lobbying, so long as it did not involve a
conflict of interest.

"Giuliani is in a bit of a panic," said Leland T. Jones, a senior adviser to Ms.
Messinger. "He is so panicked that he is doing the equivalent of banning
winter."



LOAD-DATE: February 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              381 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 15, 2011 Monday

Lobbying in progress on N.C. gay marriage amendment

BYLINE: Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 550 words


Aug. 15--RALEIGH -- In public places and behind the scenes, lobbying is gearing
up ahead of the General Assembly session next month when lawmakers could
consider putting a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage on next year's
ballot.

Campaigns for and against the proposed constitutional ban are already including
petitions, pulpit messages, rallies, billboards and phone banks, The News &
Observer of Raleigh reported Monday.

The gay rights group Equality North Carolina on Sunday set up at the North
Carolina Gay and Lesbian Film Festival in Durham with stacks of postcards for
patrons to sign urging lawmakers to withhold their support for the proposed ban.
The group hopes to have 50,000 to deliver to legislators by next month.

"Just because two guys want to be together or two girls want to be together,
what effect does that have on me?" asked theatergoer Joseph Sawyers, 31, of
Raleigh. "It doesn't bother me at all. It has nothing to do with me."

On the other side of the issue, the executive director of the Christian Action
League has spent days in face-to-face lobbying and vote counting.

"There's a lot of groundwork to be laid," the Rev. Mark Creech said. "Not only
do you have to have all the votes that are needed, in the long run, you need to
be in the best position so you can win North Carolina."

It's already illegal for same-sex couples to marry in North Carolina. The
proposal would let voters decide whether to amend the state constitution to
state that marriage between a man and a woman is the only domestic valid legal
union recognized in the state.

Thirty states already have constitutional language defining marriage. Minnesota
lawmakers this year agreed to place an amendment defining marriage on the ballot
for 2012.

Three-fifths of all members of the House and Senate would have to approve
putting the question before voters in November 2012. Republicans hope a
constitutional amendment on gay marriage would increase turnout of conservative
voters in 2012 and boost their chances against Democratic Gov. Beverly Perdue
and President Barack Obama.

Obama narrowly won North Carolina's electoral votes in 2008 and signaled he aims
to contest the moderate Southern state again. Democrats decided to hold their
convention in Charlotte.

An Elon University poll in February found that 37 percent of the state's
residents support or strongly support a marriage amendment, down from 43 percent
in March 2009. A December poll of registered voters by the Civitas Institute, a
Raleigh think tank, found that two-thirds supported an amendment.

With Republicans in control of the General Assembly for the first time in a
century, religious conservatives see this year and next as an opportunity to
advance a gay marriage amendment sidetracked for years when Democrats held
power.

"Our organization is pushing to say to our legislature, 'We want you to vote on
it,'" Said Ron Baity, president of the conservative Christian organization
Return America.

To see more of the Times-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimesnews.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110815-BT-Lobbying-in-progress-on-N-C-gay-marriage-amendment-20110815

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2011 Times-News


                              382 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             June 11, 2009 Thursday
                                 Metro Edition

Cities, counties spent $8.5 million on lobbying in `08

BYLINE: BOB VON STERNBERG, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 170 words


Last year, local governments spent $8.5 million lobbying at the State Capitol,
an increase of nearly 10 percent over what they spent in 2007.

The State Auditor's annual report on local government lobbying also found that
associations representing local governments spent another $4.6 million on
lobbying, most of it funded through dues.

That also represents an increase of nearly 10 percent, compared with a year
earlier.

Among local governments, Minneapolis spent the most last year, $401,551,
followed, in order, by Hennepin County, St. Paul, Anoka County and the
Metropolitan Airports Commission.

Cities and counties spent about two-thirds of the $8.5 million on lobbying.
School districts, led by those in Minneapolis and St. Paul, spent about 10
percent of the total. Other local entities spent about one-fifth.

By comparison, 1,274 registered lobbyists in all spent more than $60 million
last year lobbying the Legislature and state agencies, according to the Campaign
Finance and Public Disclosure Board.

BOB VON STERNBERG

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 19, 2006 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

When Lobbyists Say 'I Do,' Should They Add 'I Won't'?

BYLINE: By DAVID D. KIRKPATRICK

SECTION: Section 1; Column 3; National Desk; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 1165 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 18


Like many Washington couples, Jeffrey and Alexandra Shockey need the advice of a
lawyer on how to conduct their pillow talk.

Mr. Shockey is a top aide to Representative Jerry Lewis, the California
Republican who is chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, and Mrs.
Shockey is a lobbyist for a firm that seeks to influence the congressman.

So when Senator Arlen Specter this week defended the marriage of one of his
aides to a lobbyist with interests in her work, the Shockeys and others around
town could empathize. Marriages to lobbyists are increasingly common among
Capitol staff members and even members of Congress -- a situation that, even in
Congress's current zeal for overhauling lobbying, almost no one seriously
expects to be restricted any time soon.

Among the many members of Congress married to lobbyists are Representative Roy
Blunt of Missouri, the Republican whip; Representative John D. Dingell, Democrat
of Michigan; Senator Byron L. Dorgan, Democrat of North Dakota; and Senator
Elizabeth Dole, Republican of North Carolina.

Among Congressional staff, marriages to lobbyists are even more prevalent. This
week, Mr. Specter, Republican of Pennsylvania, defended the work of Vicki Siegel
Herson, an aide who until recently handled military appropriations. She is
married to Michael Herson, a top executive of the lobbying firm American Defense
International; six clients of Mr. Herson's firm benefited from provisions Mr.
Specter added to spending legislation. Mr. Specter said Mr. Herson's firm did
not lobby his office on the clients' behalf, but the senator referred the matter
to the ethics committee nonetheless.

Another Specter aide, Bettilou Taylor, clerk for the labor, health and human
services appropriations subcommittee, is married to Domenic Ruscio, a partner in
the major lobbying firm Cavarocchi, Ruscio, Dennis Associates. Their
relationship was publicized last year when Ms. Taylor helped organize hearings
concerning some of the firm's clients in public television. A spokesman for Mr.
Specter said the Senate ethics committee looked into the matter and found no
impropriety.

No one suggests Mr. Specter's staff is the exception. ''You can't single him
out,'' said Keith Ashdown, spokesman for Taxpayers for Common Sense. ''It is
standard procedure.''

Congressional ethics rules do not bar spouses of lawmakers from lobbying. The
Senate Ethics Manual says ''the decision on whether a spouse may lobby the
Senate is generally a decision for the senator and his or her spouse, given due
regard for the potential reflection on the Senate.''

Spouses of staff members also face only limited restrictions. ''The spouse of a
chief of staff should not lobby the supervising senator or the senator's other
employees who are supervised by the chief of staff, although the employee's
staff would be free to lobby nonsupervising senators and other Senate
employees,'' the manual says. ''The spouse's associates would not be prohibited
from lobbying any members or staff so long as the Senate employee's name is not
used.''

The ethics rules do forbid members or staff members from knowingly using their
positions to benefit themselves or their families. But it is hard to know how
much one spouse may tell the other about his or her work.

Marriages joining lobbyists with lawmakers or their staff members were unheard
of a few decades ago, said Donald A. Ritchie, a Senate historian. But since the
1960's, he said, such unions have become more common as the numbers of staff
members and lobbyists have exploded.

Just as important, growing numbers of women have come to work at all levels of
Congress, increasing the likelihood of romance under the Capitol dome. Each
year, thousands of young, single men and women come to Congress from around the
country as entry-level staff members, working long hours and socializing at
night. Many marry. And a good number of those follow the well-trodden path to
higher-paid jobs lobbying their former colleagues and, potentially, their
spouses.

In the aftermath of the scandal involving the lobbyist Jack Abramoff, Senate
Republican leaders circulated a memorandum in December listing 10 potential rule
changes to address ethics reform, including ''terminating spouse/relative
lobbying.'' But so far, none of the leading proposals in either chamber include
new restrictions on lobbying by spouses. For one thing, several staff members
said, restricting lobbying by spouses could lead to an exodus of staffers.

''We live in a different world than we did 30 or 40 years ago, and people should
recognize it,'' said Fred Wertheimer, president of the nonpartisan ethics group
Democracy 21, which usually pushes for more stringent lobbying restrictions. He
is also a former lobbyist and married to the journalist Linda Wertheimer of
National Public Radio.

''You need some way of recognizing that couples can both be engaged in
professional activities that in, general terms, may relate to each other,'' he
said. ''And in the first instance those folks have a responsibility to take the
extra step to avoid any conflict of interest or the appearance of conflict.''

Paul A. Miller, president of the American League of Lobbyists, argued that it
was unfair to single out lobbyists. ''We don't do stories about the number of
doctors who are married to pharmaceutical sales representatives,'' Mr. Miller
said.

But the Shockeys are becoming a favorite example for advocates of lobbying
reform. Both started their careers a decade ago as young single members of Mr.
Lewis's staff.

In 1999, Mr. Shockey went to work with a friend of Mr. Lewis's, former
Congressman Bill Lowery, at the lobbying firm Copeland, Lowery & Jacquez. While
Mr. Shockey was there, the firm's clients, including several private firms and
the city of San Diego, won several million dollars in federal funds through Mr.
Lewis's actions. Meanwhile, the firm and some of its clients contributed
hundreds of thousands of dollars to Mr. Lewis's campaign funds.

Then, last January, when Mr. Lewis became chairman of the House Appropriations
Committee, Mr. Shockey left the firm to rejoin the congressman's staff as a
senior aide, coming full circle.

And to help take his place, the firm retained his wife, who had set up her own
lobbying firm, as a subcontractor. She began handling some of her husband's
former clients.

The relationships were the subject of an article in The San Diego Union-Tribune
in December. The Shockeys and their lawyer, William Oldaker, did not return
calls for comment. Mr. Oldaker has said the couple sought his advice and
complied with Congressional ethics rules.

In a statement, Mr. Lewis said, ''Jeff Shockey is a fabulously talented
individual, and I am proud that he agreed to join me a year ago in my effort to
reform the appropriations process.''

Mr. Lewis continued: ''Jeff and his wife, Alex, have gone out of their way to
make sure they are strictly adhering to both the spirit and the letter of the
law.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 23, 2006



CORRECTION: An article on Sunday about members of Congress and their aides who
are married to lobbyists referred imprecisely to Debbie Dingell (identified in
the article only as the wife of Representative John D. Dingell, Democrat of
Michigan, and shown in a picture with him at their Dearborn home). While Ms.
Dingell advises General Motors on lobbying strategy in her role as executive
director of community and government relations, she is not currently a
registered lobbyist.

An article on Sunday about members of Congress and their aides who are married
to lobbyists referred imprecisely to Debbie Dingell (identified in the article
only as the wife of Representative John D. Dingell, Democrat of Michigan, and
shown in a picture with him at their Dearborn home). While Ms. Dingell advises
General Motors on lobbying strategy in her role as executive director of
community and government relations, she is not currently a registered lobbyist.

GRAPHIC: Photo: John Dingell and his wife, Debbie, at their home in Dearborn,
Mich. (Photo by Dingell family, via Associated Press)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              384 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            January 31, 2006 Tuesday

Bottom line

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 427 words


* SMALL BUSINESS. The National Federation of Independent Business has hired BKSH
& Associates to survey "Capitol Hill staffers regarding their outlook on NFIB,"
according to the lobbying registration. Several lobbyists are listed as helping
with the effort, including Rich Meade, a former chief of staff to the House
Budget Committee.

* AGRICULTURE. Both the USA Rice Federation and the American Sugar Alliance have
hired Combest Sell & Associates to represents their interests on agricultural
policy debates on Capitol Hill. The firm's founders, Larry Combest, a former
Republican congressman from Texas, and Tom Sell, a former lobbyist for the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, are lobbying for the groups. Jeff Harrison, a former
legislative director for Sen. Norm Coleman (R-Minn.), is also working the
account.

* PENSION REFORM. Congressional debate over pension reform continues to drive
companies to K Street. Prudential Financial, a financial-services company, has
hired the Groom Law Group to lobby on the issue. Theodore Groom, the firm's
founder, and William Sweetnam, a former benefits tax counsel at the Treasury
Department, are lobbying on behalf of Prudential.

* PATENT REFORM. Visa USA, the credit-card company, has hired lobbyist Jonathan
Band. The issue is patent-reform legislation.

* EDUCATION. The California Department of Education has hired Brustein &
Manasevit, which specializes in federal education law, to represent the
department's interests in Washington, according to its lobbying registration.
Among the issues the firm is tracking for the department is the Higher Education
Act and agriculture issues that affect education.

The University of Scranton, meanwhile, has hired Oldaker Biden & Belair to lobby
for federal appropriations, according to the lobbying registration.

* INTERNET. Internet service provider EarthLink has hired Mehlman Capitol
Strategies to lobby on its behalf. EarthLink hired the firm to lobby on the
upcoming effort to rewrite telecommunications laws.

* HUMAN RIGHTS. The Save Darfur Coalition, an education and advocacy group, has
hired Gustafson Associates to lobby regarding the "policy and funding relating
to the genocide in Darfur, Sudan."

* RAILROADS. BNSF Railway, a freight rail company, has hired Welch Resources to
help "coordinate government permitting processes for BNSF with the Corps of
Engineers," according to the lobbying registration.

* LOCAL GOVERNMENT. The San Diego Association of Governments, a regional
planning agency, has hired Blank Rome Government Relations to lobby on a variety
of issues.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            July 30, 2003 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

NAMES & FACES

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 495 words


"American Idol" runner-up Clay Aiken was dashing all over Washington yesterday,
and boy, was his schedule packed: a morning White House tour, a brief chat with
Education Undersecretary Eugene Hickok and Assistant Secretary for Special
Education Bob Pasternack, and a visit with his senator, Elizabeth Dole (R-N.C.),
who was celebrating her 67th birthday at a luncheon thrown by her husband, Bob
Dole.

Aiken also met with Democratic Sens. Dianne Feinstein (Calif.), Barbara Mikulski
(Md.), Tom Harkin (Iowa) and Republican Trent Lott (Miss.) to lobby for the
American Film Institute's Screen Education Center. Says the singer, "Since I've
had to put my own work with special-needs kids on hold for now, I am excited to
do what I can to support worthwhile educational efforts, particularly those
which reach kids who might otherwise fall through the cracks."

Hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons, civil rights activist Benjamin Chavis and their
Hip Hop Summit Action Network have filed a federal complaint accusing New York
lobbying authorities of violating their free-speech rights, reports The Post's
Lynne Duke.

In a complaint filed Monday in U.S. District Court in Manhattan, Simmons and
Chavis charged that the state was violating their First Amendment rights by
investigating their protests against stiff state drug laws. Simmons and his
supporters have staged rallies against the "Rockefeller laws," which impose
mandatory minimum sentences even on first-time, nonviolent drug offenders. Many
activists say these laws are too harsh and have a disproportionate impact on
poor and minority communities. Simmons also has met with Gov. George Pataki and
other lawmakers to discuss the issue.

David Grandeau, executive director of New York's Temporary State Commission on
Lobbying, denied that free speech was at issue. Grandeau said in a telephone
interview yesterday that the commission maintains that Simmons should have
registered as a lobbyist after organizing a June 4 rally, since the state's
lobbying law says that spending more than $ 2,000 to influence the outcome of
state legislation constitutes an act of lobbying.

Most of Katharine Hepburn's estate will go to her family, but 4.17 acres of
beachfront property in Connecticut will be left for "exclusively public
purposes," according to her will. The famously private actress asked that she be
cremated and interred in a family plot in Hartford. The will did not say how
much Hepburn's estate is worth, but it specified that some memorabilia,
including scripts, letters, awards and photographs, are to be given to a
charity.  Other manuscripts and papers will be published at the executor's
discretion.

"It's not nice to call someone 'disgusting.' But she's not a nice person.
Everyone knows that."

-- Nick Nolte sharing his opinion of America's sweetheart Julia Roberts, who
once referred to Nolte, a former co-star, as "a disgusting human being."

-- Compiled by Anne Schroeder

from staff, wire and Web reports

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              386 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            July 30, 2003 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

NAMES & FACES

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 495 words


"American Idol" runner-up Clay Aiken was dashing all over Washington yesterday,
and boy, was his schedule packed: a morning White House tour, a brief chat with
Education Undersecretary Eugene Hickok and Assistant Secretary for Special
Education Bob Pasternack, and a visit with his senator, Elizabeth Dole (R-N.C.),
who was celebrating her 67th birthday at a luncheon thrown by her husband, Bob
Dole.

Aiken also met with Democratic Sens. Dianne Feinstein (Calif.), Barbara Mikulski
(Md.), Tom Harkin (Iowa) and Republican Trent Lott (Miss.) to lobby for the
American Film Institute's Screen Education Center. Says the singer, "Since I've
had to put my own work with special-needs kids on hold for now, I am excited to
do what I can to support worthwhile educational efforts, particularly those
which reach kids who might otherwise fall through the cracks."

Hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons, civil rights activist Benjamin Chavis and their
Hip Hop Summit Action Network have filed a federal complaint accusing New York
lobbying authorities of violating their free-speech rights, reports The Post's
Lynne Duke.

In a complaint filed Monday in U.S. District Court in Manhattan, Simmons and
Chavis charged that the state was violating their First Amendment rights by
investigating their protests against stiff state drug laws. Simmons and his
supporters have staged rallies against the "Rockefeller laws," which impose
mandatory minimum sentences even on first-time, nonviolent drug offenders. Many
activists say these laws are too harsh and have a disproportionate impact on
poor and minority communities. Simmons also has met with Gov. George Pataki and
other lawmakers to discuss the issue.

David Grandeau, executive director of New York's Temporary State Commission on
Lobbying, denied that free speech was at issue. Grandeau said in a telephone
interview yesterday that the commission maintains that Simmons should have
registered as a lobbyist after organizing a June 4 rally, since the state's
lobbying law says that spending more than $ 2,000 to influence the outcome of
state legislation constitutes an act of lobbying.

Most of Katharine Hepburn's estate will go to her family, but 4.17 acres of
beachfront property in Connecticut will be left for "exclusively public
purposes," according to her will. The famously private actress asked that she be
cremated and interred in a family plot in Hartford. The will did not say how
much Hepburn's estate is worth, but it specified that some memorabilia,
including scripts, letters, awards and photographs, are to be given to a
charity.  Other manuscripts and papers will be published at the executor's
discretion.

"It's not nice to call someone 'disgusting.' But she's not a nice person.
Everyone knows that."

-- Nick Nolte sharing his opinion of America's sweetheart Julia Roberts, who
once referred to Nolte, a former co-star, as "a disgusting human being."

-- Compiled by Anne Schroeder

from staff, wire and Web reports

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              387 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          February 27, 2003, Thursday

300G FINE FOR GIFT-GIVING JAIL BIZ

BYLINE: By CELESTE KATZ DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 431 words


Correctional Services Corp., the private prison firm accused of giving illegal
gifts to state legislators, has agreed to pay a record $300,000 fine in the
case.

The settlement eclipses the amount paid to New York State by Donald Trump and
his associates, who were fined $250,000 in 2000 for incorrectly reporting their
lobbying against legalized gambling in the state.

"We think the fine certainly sends a message about how seriously we take these
offenses," said state Lobbying Commission chief David Grandeau.

The commission approved the fine yesterday afternoon. Florida-based Correctional
Services Corp. will have to amend its filings to include the illegal gifts and
all other unreported lobbying expenses.

Among those disclosures, Grandeau said, are a $200 US Airways ticket from
Washington to New York for then-Assemblyman Larry Seabrook (D-Bronx); a $105
fruit basket for then-Assemblyman Roberto Ramirez (D-Bronx), and two boxes of
Valentine's Day chocolates for unnamed lawmakers.

Correctional Services Corp. also must disclose transportation that it provided
to former Assemblywoman Gloria Davis (D-Bronx) and Assemblyman Roger Green
(D-Brooklyn). Firm decided to settle There also are "dozens of unreported
lobbying expenses that are going to have to be included in their amended reports
- mainly meals for legislators, which fall under the $75 limit," Grandeau said.

In a written statement, Correctional Services Corp. chief James Slattery said
the company had admitted no wrongdoing, but agreed to the settlement to "avoid
the further expense and distraction that a possible civil penalty hearing would
entail."

Correctional Services Corp. had earlier considered paying $250,000 in fines,
plus a seven-year "death penalty" ban on lobbying in New York, Grandeau said.

"Their board of directors met [and] decided they didn't want the ban," Grandeau
said.

"They wanted the higher penalty, which was our original proposal to them."

Correctional Services Corp.'s lobbying activities came under scrutiny after
Davis told authorities she had accepted free transportation from the company in
exchange for help cutting through red tape.

Davis resigned from the Legislature and pleaded guilty to accepting bribes in
connection with another company.

District attorneys in Manhattan and Albany continue to review the case for
possible criminal prosecution.

The Queens district attorney's office, the state Board of Elections and the
Justice Department's inspector general office also have requested records,
Grandeau said.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                              388 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday

Influence Abroad: The state of global lobbying disclosure

LENGTH: 1208  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: The Sunlight Foundation has issued the following news release:



 It's increasingly clear that many of the issues that affect citizens of any
country aren't solely under the control of their national governments. From
climate change and fossil fuels to the internet, there are countless areas that
require transnational regulation and problems that need international solutions.
As the world becomes increasingly globalized, a multinational corporation that
wants to advocate for a favorable regulatory environment will likely need to do
so in more than one country. Coca-Cola might be headquartered in Atlanta, but
they sell soda all over the world, including in Mexico and Israel, where
potential soda taxes could hurt their businesses. Why wouldn't they lobby there,
too? For transparency advocates, that leaves the question: How do we find out
who's lobbying where?



 Why global lobbying disclosure matters



 We've been very critical of lobbying disclosure in the U.S., and for good
reason: There's a real problem of unregistered lobbying, and for reasons ranging
from bureaucratic apathy to lack of resources, the Department of Justice does
nothing about it. There are thousands of people in D.C. who are paid to
influence public policy, but don't register as lobbyists.



 While the U.S. could work to continue to improve this, compared to many other
countries in the world, lobbying disclosure in the U.S. is excellent. The
Lobbying Disclosure Act requires lobbyists to file disclosures if they spend at
least 20 percent of their time lobbying on behalf of a client, or if they make
at least two contacts with covered government officials and their staff. The
disclosures list what issues they've lobbied on, including sometimes the names
of laws, how much they were paid for it, and the names of the government
officials they've contacted on behalf of their client. The disclosures are
available in a searchable, sortable, exportable database on the Senate's
website.



 Compared to the rest of the world, that's pretty good. Only 22 countries
regulate lobbying at all: Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Chile, France,
Georgia, Germany, Hungary (though its law was repealed), Ireland, Israel,
Lithuania, Macedonia, Mexico, Montenegro, the Netherlands, Peru, Poland,
Slovenia, Taiwan, United Kingdom and the United States. The European Union also
regulates lobbying.



 But not all these countries provide an online registry of lobbyists, and some
provide very limited information.



 And that's a big problem for anyone who wants to know what influence is being
exerted abroad by American corporations. Let's say an American is interested in
Uber's expansion abroad, and they want to know which governments Uber is
lobbying to get that done -- which governments they're trying to convince to
allow ridesharing, or license their drivers, or, eventually, maybe allow
self-driving cars. How would they go about that? How much success would they
have? What are they spending to do it? As James Thurber, an expert on
international and U.S. lobbying and adviser to the American Bar Association's
task force on lobbying reform, told me:



     If you're an American citizen, and Boeing Aircraft is trying to influence
the Saudi government, that's important to know because it influences our defense
policy eventually. ... Just in the spirit of our democracy being transparent and
open with respect to the influences on public policy, it's important to see what
they're doing overseas too, because it can affect our own policy here.



 We took a look at lobbying registers around the world to see how difficult it
would be to track this sort of influence. The answer: It's really difficult.

 What data is included in a good lobbying register?



 When we look at lobbying disclosure, it's important to think about what
information citizens need to track influence. Daniel Freund, head of advocacy at
Transparency International's EU Integrity office, told me that the most
important things to look for in lobbying registers are "who are the lobbyists,
what are they doing and what kind of resources do they have at their disposal to
do it." Thurber agreed with this, adding that "grassroots, top-roots, coalition
building" activities should also be disclosed, as he advocates for in the United
States. Transparency International collaborated with the Sunlight Foundation and
other groups to produce its own lobbying disclosure standards in 2015, which
cover a number of factors: whether the register is mandatory, political
contributions and accessibility/machine readability of data, among many others.



 For our purposes (and with our lack of foreign language skills), we've picked
what we think are just the most basic criteria that you might need for tracing
the influence of U.S. companies abroad.



     Names/contact info. The most basic thing a lobbying register can contain is
who the lobbyists are: their names, and how to contact them. All of the lobbying
registers we surveyed include this.

     Clients. A list of registered lobbyists is all well and good, but it's not
that useful if their clients aren't public. Some firms might list their clients
on their sites, but there's no way to know whether that list is complete -- and
they're most likely to hide the ones they're not proud of. Several countries we
looked at only listed the names and contact information of lobbyists, or what
issue areas they worked on, but not the clients they work for. If you're trying
to figure out the influence a corporation, or any other organization, has on the
government, the lobbying register has to include both the identity of the
lobbyists and whom they're representing.

     Contacts with officials. This is the primary method of lobbying: talking to
government officials with the power to change (or preserve) public policy. That
means both elected and appointed officials, and their senior staff. A good
lobbying registry should include details of which government officials were
contacted on which issues. This is one area where other countries' registers can
actually surpass the U.S.: Chile's registry includes details of who met and
when, and summaries of what was discussed.

     Spending. This is one of the most valuable metrics for determining how hard
a company is lobbying on an issue or bill. Often, though not always, the more an
organization is spending on lobbying, the more time those lobbyists are spending
working on that issue -- meaning more contact with officials, more research and
sometimes more spending on ad campaigns or other public relations material. Most
lobbying registries don't include this information: Only the U.S. requires exact
figures, and the EU, France and Austria require registrants to give approximate
information.



 What does lobbying disclosure look like around the globe?



 So, to guide you through the world of influence abroad, we created this
spreadsheet. It tells you which data you can find on lobbying in all the
countries that currently have online registers of lobbying. (Some cities and
other localities in these countries have their own registers; we only focused on
national ones.)





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday

Influence Abroad: The state of global lobbying disclosure

LENGTH: 1208  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: The Sunlight Foundation has issued the following news release:



 It's increasingly clear that many of the issues that affect citizens of any
country aren't solely under the control of their national governments. From
climate change and fossil fuels to the internet, there are countless areas that
require transnational regulation and problems that need international solutions.
As the world becomes increasingly globalized, a multinational corporation that
wants to advocate for a favorable regulatory environment will likely need to do
so in more than one country. Coca-Cola might be headquartered in Atlanta, but
they sell soda all over the world, including in Mexico and Israel, where
potential soda taxes could hurt their businesses. Why wouldn't they lobby there,
too? For transparency advocates, that leaves the question: How do we find out
who's lobbying where?



 Why global lobbying disclosure matters



 We've been very critical of lobbying disclosure in the U.S., and for good
reason: There's a real problem of unregistered lobbying, and for reasons ranging
from bureaucratic apathy to lack of resources, the Department of Justice does
nothing about it. There are thousands of people in D.C. who are paid to
influence public policy, but don't register as lobbyists.



 While the U.S. could work to continue to improve this, compared to many other
countries in the world, lobbying disclosure in the U.S. is excellent. The
Lobbying Disclosure Act requires lobbyists to file disclosures if they spend at
least 20 percent of their time lobbying on behalf of a client, or if they make
at least two contacts with covered government officials and their staff. The
disclosures list what issues they've lobbied on, including sometimes the names
of laws, how much they were paid for it, and the names of the government
officials they've contacted on behalf of their client. The disclosures are
available in a searchable, sortable, exportable database on the Senate's
website.



 Compared to the rest of the world, that's pretty good. Only 22 countries
regulate lobbying at all: Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Chile, France,
Georgia, Germany, Hungary (though its law was repealed), Ireland, Israel,
Lithuania, Macedonia, Mexico, Montenegro, the Netherlands, Peru, Poland,
Slovenia, Taiwan, United Kingdom and the United States. The European Union also
regulates lobbying.



 But not all these countries provide an online registry of lobbyists, and some
provide very limited information.



 And that's a big problem for anyone who wants to know what influence is being
exerted abroad by American corporations. Let's say an American is interested in
Uber's expansion abroad, and they want to know which governments Uber is
lobbying to get that done -- which governments they're trying to convince to
allow ridesharing, or license their drivers, or, eventually, maybe allow
self-driving cars. How would they go about that? How much success would they
have? What are they spending to do it? As James Thurber, an expert on
international and U.S. lobbying and adviser to the American Bar Association's
task force on lobbying reform, told me:



     If you're an American citizen, and Boeing Aircraft is trying to influence
the Saudi government, that's important to know because it influences our defense
policy eventually. ... Just in the spirit of our democracy being transparent and
open with respect to the influences on public policy, it's important to see what
they're doing overseas too, because it can affect our own policy here.



 We took a look at lobbying registers around the world to see how difficult it
would be to track this sort of influence. The answer: It's really difficult.

 What data is included in a good lobbying register?



 When we look at lobbying disclosure, it's important to think about what
information citizens need to track influence. Daniel Freund, head of advocacy at
Transparency International's EU Integrity office, told me that the most
important things to look for in lobbying registers are "who are the lobbyists,
what are they doing and what kind of resources do they have at their disposal to
do it." Thurber agreed with this, adding that "grassroots, top-roots, coalition
building" activities should also be disclosed, as he advocates for in the United
States. Transparency International collaborated with the Sunlight Foundation and
other groups to produce its own lobbying disclosure standards in 2015, which
cover a number of factors: whether the register is mandatory, political
contributions and accessibility/machine readability of data, among many others.



 For our purposes (and with our lack of foreign language skills), we've picked
what we think are just the most basic criteria that you might need for tracing
the influence of U.S. companies abroad.



     Names/contact info. The most basic thing a lobbying register can contain is
who the lobbyists are: their names, and how to contact them. All of the lobbying
registers we surveyed include this.

     Clients. A list of registered lobbyists is all well and good, but it's not
that useful if their clients aren't public. Some firms might list their clients
on their sites, but there's no way to know whether that list is complete -- and
they're most likely to hide the ones they're not proud of. Several countries we
looked at only listed the names and contact information of lobbyists, or what
issue areas they worked on, but not the clients they work for. If you're trying
to figure out the influence a corporation, or any other organization, has on the
government, the lobbying register has to include both the identity of the
lobbyists and whom they're representing.

     Contacts with officials. This is the primary method of lobbying: talking to
government officials with the power to change (or preserve) public policy. That
means both elected and appointed officials, and their senior staff. A good
lobbying registry should include details of which government officials were
contacted on which issues. This is one area where other countries' registers can
actually surpass the U.S.: Chile's registry includes details of who met and
when, and summaries of what was discussed.

     Spending. This is one of the most valuable metrics for determining how hard
a company is lobbying on an issue or bill. Often, though not always, the more an
organization is spending on lobbying, the more time those lobbyists are spending
working on that issue -- meaning more contact with officials, more research and
sometimes more spending on ad campaigns or other public relations material. Most
lobbying registries don't include this information: Only the U.S. requires exact
figures, and the EU, France and Austria require registrants to give approximate
information.



 What does lobbying disclosure look like around the globe?



 So, to guide you through the world of influence abroad, we created this
spreadsheet. It tells you which data you can find on lobbying in all the
countries that currently have online registers of lobbying. (Some cities and
other localities in these countries have their own registers; we only focused on
national ones.)





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 bondbuyer.com

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

R.I. Secretary: Fine Against 38 Studios Lobbyist Could Rise

BYLINE: Paul Burton

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 449  words


Rhode Island Secretary of State Ralph Mollis intends to seek a steeper fine
against lawyer Michael Corso should Corso not report his 2010 lobbying on behalf
of the 38 Studios financing bill.

Hearing officer Louis DeSimone, whom Mollis hired, ruled that Corso, a tax
credit broker, wrongly lobbied on behalf of former Boston Red Sox pitcher Curt
Schilling's video-game company, whose bankruptcy and failure in 2012 left state
taxpayers on the hook for a loan guarantee on $75 million in bonds.

"It is apparent that there was some effort expended by the respondent in
lobbying for a change to the 'jobs creation bill' present before the
legislature," DeSimone said in a six-page report he released Friday afternoon.
"To suggest that lobbying did not occur in the addition of $75 million dollars
would seem unlikely at best."

Corso has until Thursday to file "all necessary lobbying reports for 2010
commencing in March through termination of the legislative term," according to
DeSimone.

Mollis said that before he adopts DeSimone's findings, as state law requires, he
would ask DeSimone to clarify why the maximum fine is $2,000. "While I
understand R.I. General Law caps the fine at $2,000 per violation, I will be
asking for clarification on 'per violation' while also asking if additional
fines can be levied due to executive lobbying," Mollis said in a statement.

Corso's lawyers, in a statement, called the findings "without any factual or
legal support." They accused Mollis, who ran unsuccessfully for lieutenant
governor, of political motivation.

The Rhode Island Economic Development Corp. - now Rhode Island Commerce Corp. -
issued Schilling's company a $75 million loan guarantee, backed by the state's
moral obligation, to move the company to Rhode Island from Massachusetts and
complete the multiplayer online video game "Copernicus." The state's economic
development arm was the official issuer of the bond debt.

Though Rhode Island paid on the debt the past two years after threats of
downgrades from bond-rating agencies, though lawmaker debate over whether to pay
it has been heated.

Corso was a political ally of former House Speaker Gordon Fox, who resigned his
leadership post in March after law enforcement officials raided his State House
office and Providence home. Fox did not seek re-election. His attorney, Albin
Moser, said in May that a grand jury investigation may include the 38 Studios
financing.

The saga has included accusations of insider trading by Rhode Island bondholder
and former congressional candidate Michael Riley, and threats against two state
representatives Karen MacBeth, D-Cumberland, and Michael Chippendale, R-Foster,
warning them to "stop poking around."

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                               May 8, 2006 Monday

Lobbying group's fees provoke sticker shock: DULUTH CITY HALL:Councilors will
reconsider their decision to look into joining the Coalition of Greater
Minnesota Cities.

BYLINE: Scott Thistle, Duluth News-Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 867 words


May 8--The decision that Duluth should look into joining a lobbying organization
aimed at helping Minnesota's smaller cities -- at an annual cost of $107,000 by
2008 -- will be revisited by the City Council today.

On a 7-2 vote, the council approved looking into a membership in the Coalition
of Greater Minnesota Cities during an April 24 meeting. But 2nd District
Councilor Greg Gilbert said Friday he believes the council should take another
look at that decision.

When he learned how much the city would pay for the membership, Gilbert, who
voted in favor, said he had second thoughts.

"I'm saying, 'Wait a minute here,' " Gilbert said. "This is the equivalent of a
full-time firefighter position, and to cut back on staffing or other costs in a
time when money is tight so we can join a lobbying group just doesn't seem
right."

The coalition lobbies the Minnesota Legislature on issues important to smaller
cities. It is especially active on the issue of state financial aid to local
governments, coalition lobbyist John Sundvor said.

Coalition membership dues are based on a city's population. Duluth, if it
joined, would be the second-largest city in the coalition behind Rochester.

Dues for Duluth would be phased in during a three-year period, going from about
$35,000 this year to $107,000 in 2008, Sundvor said.

But the return Duluth has received in state aid because of the coalition's work
far outweighs the membership costs, said Sundvor and At Large Councilor Don
Ness, who supports the membership.

Duluth already has gained from coalition lobbying efforts, according to an
e-mail message Sundvor sent to the News Tribune. He said lobbying by the
coalition in 2003 reduced a proposed statewide cut of local government aid from
$358 million to $150 million.

In 2005, coalition efforts helped ward off a $1.07 million cut in aid to Duluth,
he wrote. Instead, the city's local government aid was increased by $1.07
million.

Those who oppose having Duluth join the coalition say it costs too much and its
mission is more about the issues facing smaller cities.

Duluth pays $25,422 a year to belong to the League of Minnesota Cities, which
lobbies the Legislature on issues important to cities. League members also
include St. Paul and Minneapolis, which share issues more akin to those facing
Duluth, Mayor Herb Bergson said.

The city also contracts with the law firm of Fryberger, Buchanan, Smith &
Frederick for lobbying services from attorney Kevin Walli. Last year the city
spent $39,030 for lobbying and has budgeted up to $54,000 this year, Finance
Director Genie Stark said.

The city budgeted $30,000 for organization dues, which covers the city's
membership in the League of Minnesota Cities, Stark said.

"I know that some worry that membership in the CGMC will duplicate other
lobbying activities," Sundvor wrote. "I can assure you that there really is no
duplication. We lobby and provide data analysis for issues that are crucial to
rural Minnesota. We follow a legislative agenda that is set by our members."

Shifting demographics and political power in Minnesota are putting Duluth at a
disadvantage in the Legislature, Sundvor said during a phone interview.

"The political power is shifting to the Twin Cities and the suburban and
ex-urban areas, so whether you like it or not, it makes Duluth and all of rural
Minnesota vulnerable," Sundvor said.

Ness said coalition membership also could help Duluth gain support from
lawmakers, especially Republicans, from other small cities. Duluth, with an all
Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party delegation of lawmakers, needs more Republican
allies in the Legislature, Ness said.

"A weakness that Duluth has at the Capitol is we don't have strong connections
with the rest of greater Minnesota, particularly areas that have Republican
leadership in the House and the Senate," Ness said.

But even with phased-in dues, Bergson isn't convinced that coalition membership
is right for Duluth.

"I respect the city councilors' right to decide how to spend city money for
lobbying, but it is my opinion that we are well-represented," Bergson said.

He has a difficult time supporting the expense when he is asking city workers
for contract concessions so the city can solve its retiree health-care debt, the
mayor said.

City Councilors Tim Little and Russ Stover, who oppose joining the coalition,
agree it seems costly and hasn't been budgeted for.

"It's not often that I agree with the mayor, but I happen to agree with him
wholeheartedly on this," Little said. "The cost of this membership would be
equal to hiring two full-time police officers."

Proposed coalition dues in 2008 would be $23,000 more than the city now budgets
for lobbying and membership dues combined, Stover said. Without eliminating
another expense, the city would be spending nearly $200,000 a year on lobbying
efforts, Stover said.

SCOTT THISTLE covers Duluth City Hall. Reach him weekdays at (218) 723-5312 or
e-mail sthistle@duluthnews.com.

Copyright (c) 2006, Duluth News-Tribune, Minn. Distributed by Knight
Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on republishing this content,
contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213)
237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060508-DU-0508-Lobbying-group-s-fees-provoke-sticker-shock

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2006 Duluth News-Tribune


                              392 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 30, 2006 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Nepotistic Lobbying

SECTION: Section A; Column 4; Editorial Desk; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 146 words



To the Editor:

Re ''Restrictions on City Lobbying Ignore Loophole, Critics Say'' (news article,
May 24):

As the only private lobbyist to testify before the City Council in favor of its
current lobbying reform efforts, I am sorry that the Council overlooked what is
easily the most egregious loophole in the lobbying laws: the legality of council
members' close relatives serving as lobbyists.

Can someone seeking to influence city legislation give a $30,000 bribe to a
council member? Of course not. But can that person curry favor with and exert
inappropriate influence over a council member by giving his brother, sister, son
or daughter $30,000 in the form of ''lobbying fees''? I am afraid so.

As I testified before the Council, compared with this loophole, all others seem
trivial.

Chad A. Marlow
Executive Principal Advocate
The Public Advocacy Group
New York, May 24, 2006

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              393 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 4, 2003 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

A.C.L.U. Suit Challenges State Lobbying Commission

BYLINE:  By AL BAKER

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1063 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Nov. 3


Setting up a showdown over free speech, the New York Civil Liberties Union filed
a lawsuit Monday charging that the state's lobbying laws have been
unconstitutionally extended to cover grass-roots advocacy.

The court papers are the latest development in a dispute between the Temporary
State Commission on Lobbying and opponents who have said it is wrongly trying to
regulate activities at the core of the First Amendment.

In part, the suit is an outgrowth of an investigation into whether a group of
advocates, including Russell Simmons, the hip-hop impresario and businessman,
broke state lobbying laws in their efforts to revise the state's Rockefeller-era
drug laws. Lobbyists are required to register with the state and disclose all
their expenditures.

More directly, the suit is a response to the lobbying commission's attempt to
label as lobbying a large billboard put up by the civil liberties group. The
billboard, placed outside a mall in the Albany area that was the site of a First
Amendment dispute in March, reminded patrons of their free speech rights. The
lobbying commission saw the billboard as lobbying and asked the civil liberties
union to register any associated costs in Albany as lobbying fees.

The lawsuit raises a welter of questions about when free speech on political
topics crosses the line to lobbying and requires regulation by state lobbying
officials. Like a similar federal lawsuit filed earlier this year by Mr.
Simmons, it directly challenges the authority of the commission's executive
director, David M. Grandeau.

In a statement announcing the lawsuit against Mr. Grandeau in Federal District
Court in Manhattan, Donna Lieberman, the executive director of the civil
liberties group, said Monday that the lobbying commission had overstepped its
bounds.

"Mr. Grandeau and the lobbying commission are out of control," Ms. Lieberman
said in her statement. It went on, "We freely file reports about our lobbying
work, but we are not about to report to the government about all of our other
work."

In response, Mr. Grandeau called the lawsuit "silly." He said that it had no
legal merit and that whoever was responsible for filing lobbying reports for the
civil liberties group, which is a registered lobbyist in New York, made an error
by not filing in this instance.

Mr. Grandeau said any expenses for placing the billboard should be reported to
the commission since the civil liberties group unveiled the billboard on the
same day it expressed support of a bill in the state Assembly seeking to entitle
New Yorkers to exercise free speech in shopping malls.

"It's clear the billboard was part of that advocacy effort," Mr. Grandeau said.
To make his point, he asked: "How do you have advocacy on pending legislation
that is not lobbying? Why did they run the billboard? Why did they put that
billboard up? What was the point of it?"

The civil liberties group's billboard went up in March after the arrest of
Stephen F. Downs, a state lawyer who protested the invasion of Iraq by wearing a
T-shirt at the Crossgates Mall emblazoned with the words "Peace on Earth" and
"Give Peace a Chance." (The charges against Mr. Downs were later dropped.)

The billboard, placed for about a month in a spot that shoppers could see,
included the image of a person who was gagged and the words: "Welcome to the
mall. You have the right to remain silent. Value free speech. www.nyclu.org."

Christopher T. Dunn, the associate legal director of the civil liberties group,
said the central contention of its lawsuit was that the billboard was not
lobbying; it mentioned no bill and encouraged no one to attempt to influence
legislators.

"There is no dispute that we were also supporting a bill, and we registered with
respect to that activity," Mr. Dunn said. "But we think it is equally
indisputable that this billboard is not lobbying. It is a completely separate
act of general advocacy."

The law now states that anyone who spends or is paid more than $2,000 a year, or
expects to be, to influence the passage of legislation, or the governor's
signing of a bill, must register as a lobbyist and make financial disclosures
about expenses, fees or payments every two months.

Questions about the mall billboard were raised amid the civil liberties group's
efforts to support Mr. Simmons in court after he and Dr. Benjamin F. Chavis Jr.,
the former executive director of the N.A.A.C.P., sued the state in July, arguing
that they were unfairly singled out by the lobbying commission for trying to
change the state's drug sentencing laws.

In that case, Mr. Simmons, Mr. Chavis and others, including Andrew M. Cuomo,
held a rally on June 4 in City Hall Park in Manhattan as part of the effort to
change the laws that require long prison sentences for most convictions for drug
crimes. The issue has languished in Albany for years, despite a consensus that
the laws should be changed.

Mr. Simmons and others have argued that they were merely exercising their First
Amendment rights in organizing the rally. Mr. Dunn said the Simmons case
illustrated a threat that grass-roots groups might face if they have to register
as lobbyists for advocacy work.

"They face subpoenas, they face depositions," Mr. Dunn said. "It opens the door
to a government investigation of the organization."

As the Simmons case was developing before Justice Loretta A. Preska of Federal
District Court, the civil liberties group received a letter on Oct. 23 from a
commission analyst ordering it to amend its latest lobbying report, filed in
July, to include the cost of erecting the billboard.

Officials with the civil liberties group said that the aggressive tactics of the
lobbying commission in the Simmons investigation led it to decide that it did
not want to cooperate.

"This is the next step beyond the City Hall event," Mr. Dunn said of the
billboard issue. "This billboard doesn't even make any reference to any piece of
legislation. It is even a step beyond what is already a significant controversy
of the reach of the lobbying commission."

Mr. Grandeau also linked the two cases. He said the civil liberties group's
lawsuit showed that it wanted to move from being an amicus curiae, or interested
party in the casebrought by Mr. Simmons, to being a litigant.

"They want very badly to be plaintiffs, so let them be plaintiffs," he said.
"They like to litigate, I like to litigate; let's all litigate."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Russell Simmons has sought to ease the state's drug penalties.
(Photo by Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              394 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 29, 2003 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Two State Agencies Become Embroiled in a Dust-Up Over Lobbying Rules

BYLINE:  By AL BAKER

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 972 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Nov. 28


The head of the state lobbying commission and Attorney General Eliot Spitzer's
office are at odds over the interpretation of state lobbying rules, with each
side trying to circumvent the other over several issues involving Russell
Simmons, the hip-hop impresario.

In recent days, David M. Grandeau, the executive director of the Temporary State
Commission on Lobbying, has taken his differences with lawyers from Mr.
Spitzer's office public, saying they have not vigorously represented the
commission's legal position. He has demanded that they step aside to allow him
to hire outside counsel.

"I have said repeatedly, I am not comfortable with how they have defended us,"
Mr. Grandeau said.

As lawyers for the state, Mr. Spitzer's office has been representing Mr.
Grandeau, the lobbying commission and its chairman in a suit brought in July by
Mr. Simmons and others who have been trying to soften the state's
Rockefeller-era drug laws.

The suit was filed after Mr. Grandeau opened an investigation into Mr. Simmons
and other advocates in a group called the Coalition for Fairness to determine if
they were professional lobbyists required to register under the state's Lobbying
Act. The action stemmed from a rally on June 4 in City Hall Park in Manhattan
where attendees were asked to contact elected state officials as part of the
effort to change the long mandatory prison sentences for drug offenders.

The group claimed it was merely expressing its First Amendment right to protest
and sued in federal court to stop the investigation. Mr. Grandeau and Mr.
Spitzer's staff have been feuding ever since over strategy in the case and,
according to Mr. Grandeau, over his interpretation of the lobbying law.

"Mr. Grandeau has been a difficult client," said Darren Dopp, Mr. Spitzer's
chief spokesman, "but we have an obligation to do our best to defend him and the
other state defendants."

In a series of interviews, Mr. Grandeau, who waived his attorney-client
privilege with Mr. Spitzer's office, accused the attorney general's assistants
of improperly discussing the federal lawsuit, including defense strategies, with
state officials who are not part of the litigation. He also said they did not
argue his position with the judge in the case and undermined his efforts to
define lobbying as broadly as possible.

Mr. Grandeau cited numerous internal letters in which he and the attorney
general's office aired their differences. He also cited a copy of a letter that
Mr. Spitzer's office wrote to members of the lobbying commission trying to
dissuade them from following Mr. Grandeau's position on penalties in the
lobbying inquiry.

"I am more than happy to admit that maybe there is a difference of opinion about
what the Lobbying Act does and does not cover," Mr. Grandeau said. "But if Eliot
Spitzer wants to change the Lobbying Act, then he should run for office, become
governor, introduce a bill, get the Legislature to agree with it and pass the
bill; that is how it works."

Mr. Dopp, citing attorney-client privilege, said he was reluctant to comment
publicly on Mr. Grandeau's complaints, particularly on his charge that
disagreements had arisen over the interpretation of state lobbying rules. But he
acknowledged the tensions on both sides in the letters that Mr. Grandeau cited.

Mr. Grandeau said his position on the lobbying laws was bolstered last Tuesday,
when a federal judge in Manhattan ruled that the correct venue for Mr. Simmons's
complaint was in state court, not federal court. Mr. Grandeau said the ruling
backed up his argument that the matter was about complying with state lobbying
laws, not freedom of speech. He said the decision freed him to continue his
investigation of Mr. Simmons and others that had been suspended since Oct. 2,
and he has gone forward.

Mr. Dopp said the ruling by Judge Loretta A. Preska of Federal District Court
showed that his office had done its legal duty.

When pressed on whether the attorney general's office would free Mr. Grandeau to
retain his own lawyer, Mr. Dopp said, "It is our responsibility and obligation
to defend him" and the others named in the suit.

As for the charge that the attorney general's office discussed the lobbying laws
with other state officials, it is not uncommon for the office to keep the State
Senate and Assembly, and Gov. George E. Pataki's administration, informed about
litigation.

Mr. Grandeau also said that Mr. Spitzer's office had fallen short in another
case. He charged that one assistant attorney general, James B. Henly, failed to
disclose a conflict of interest in a case involving a billboard put up by the
New York Civil Liberties Union outside an Albany area mall. Mr. Grandeau
interpreted the act to be the group's attempt to influence pending legislation
in Albany.The civil liberties group has sued, also on First Amendment grounds,
to block the lobbying group's pursuit of the case. But Mr. Grandeau has dropped
the commission's challenge.

Mr. Grandeau filed a formal complaint with Mr. Spitzer's office and asked its
ethics officer to investigate a possible conflict by Mr. Henly. But Paul
Larrabee, another spokesman for Mr. Spitzer, said there was no conflict. He said
that Mr. Henly made a contribution of $100 to $150 to the New York Civil
Liberties Union more than a year ago, before he defended the lobbying commission
from the group's lawsuit.

"A contribution of time or of modest financial support is not the basis for a
recusal from one's role as a public officer," Mr. Larrabee said.

Mr. Simmons said he was still weighing whether he and Dr. Benjamin F. Chavis
Jr., the former executive director of the N.A.A.C.P., also a plaintiff in the
suit, would sue the lobbying commission in state court.

Should that happen, Mr. Grandeau said, he no longer had any confidence in the
attorney general's office to defend him.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Eliot Spitzer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              395 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            August 22, 2015 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

BUCKS SPENT MOST IN LOBBYING EFFORTS

BYLINE:  MOLLY BECK  mbeck@madison.com, 608-252-6135

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 384 words


Spending on lobbying during this year's state budget debate rose 9 percent over
the last budget cycle, a new state report shows.

The Milwaukee Bucks spent the most of any organization during the first half of
2015 at $482,496, but lobbied significantly fewer hours ? at 208 ? than most of
the other top spending organizations, according to a report released Friday by
the state's Government Accountability Board.

Lawmakers recently passed legislation that would use taxpayer money to partially
finance a new stadium for the NBA basketball team. Wisconsin Infrastructure
Investment Now Inc. reported just two hours of lobbying, but spent $329,180 ?
the fourth-highest spending. Spokesman John Gard said the majority of that money
was spent on radio ads opposing Right to Work legislation that the legislature
passed earlier this year, and not in paying a lobbyist $164,590 an hour.

Overall, lobbyists spent $18.5 million during the first half of 2015, up from
the $17.2 million spent in 2013 when the last budget was debated, according to
the GAB.

That amount is below the $23.9 million spent in lobbying dollars during the 2011
budget period, however.

Legislation repealing the prevailing wage, making Wisconsin a Right-To-Work
state and banning abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy were the top lobbied
bills this year.

The report indicates while lobbying spending rose, the number of hours spent
lobbying decreased from 124,857 hours in 2013 to 123,522 this year, according to
the GAB. In 2011, 165,743 hours were spent lobbying.

The figures do not include lobbying during the legislature's special session in
July to pass the budget bill and to consider the Milwaukee Bucks arena funding
or a 20-week abortion ban bill, according to the GAB.

The top spending organizations were:

? Milwaukee Bucks, 208 hours, $482,496

? Wisconsin Hospital Association Inc., 2,755 hours, $378,816

? Wisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce, 2,765 hours, $348,733

? Wisconsin Infrastructure Investment Now Inc., 2 hours, $329,180

? Wisconsin Property Taxpayers Inc., 2,909 hours, $283,339

? Americans for Prosperity, 565 hours, $268,715

? Wisconsin Farm Bureau Federation, 1,188 hours, $232,892

? Wisconsin Counties Association, 2,366 hours, $192,108

? Wisconsin Realtors Association, 1,563 hours, $182,674

? AT&T Wisconsin, 578 hours, $180,839

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 2, 1990, Tuesday, FIRST EDITION

Lobbyists get set to descend on Congress

BYLINE: Tracy Walmer; Lori Sharn

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 316 words


Most lobbying groups look at the federal budget deficit agreement and prepare
for a tough fight.

Only a handful may decide to swallow it.

Transportation and business groups - hurt by proposed tax hikes on airline
tickets and gasoline - are geared up.

''The conventional wisdom is not good,'' says Bill Kelleher, a lobbyist for the
U.S. Chamber of Commerce. But, ''We expect to convince members (of Congress) on
the floor of the fundamental unfairness of gas taxes for deficit reduction.''

His target is members of the House Budget and Ways and Means committees.

The American Road and Transportation Builders Association - fearing the gas hike
- has contacted 200 members of Congress and placed ads in Washington papers.

Among other lobbies:

- The Tobacco Institute, facing tax hikes up to 50% on tobacco products, is
cautious.  ''No commercials, no full page ads ... lobbying through our regular
channels,'' says spokesman Thomas Lauria.

- Farmers - facing a $ 13 billion cut in subsidies - talk fairness. ''Our
interest ... will be in seeing that they (cuts) are proportionate among all farm
programs,'' says Carl Schwensen of the National Association of Wheat Growers.

- Senior citizens are cranking up a nationwide network of activists to challenge
changes in Medicare, says Ron Pollack, director of the lobbying group Families
USA. Their weapon: the vote. ''Those that wage this war shouldn't expect older
Americans to be pacifists on Election Day,'' Pollack says.

- Douglas Metz of the Wine and Spirits Wholesalers of America says lobbying
efforts have already reduced their tax bite. ''If this package is defeated, it
could be worse,'' he says.  ''We're assessing it.''
- The National Beer Wholesalers Association is also evaluating. ''There is
lobbying and there is lobbying,'' says spokesman Jack Lewis. ''Sometimes you
have to lobby to preserve what you got.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              397 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                           October 10, 2012 Wednesday
                                  1ST Edition

BYLINE: Andrew Dunn; The Charlotte Observer

SECTION: Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 634 words


CHARLOTTE | Wells Fargo has built up a significant lobbying presence in state
capitals to manage the torrent of mortgage-related bills flooding legislatures.

Five years ago, the San Francisco bank reported a limited state lobbying
presence focused on the West Coast and Iowa. After becoming a national bank,
Wells Fargo now has lobbyists bending state legislators' ears everywhere from
Denver to Baton Rouge, La.

It has built its East Coast lobbying presence beyond that of Wachovia, the
Charlotte bank Wells acquired in 2008. The bank also has spent more money on
lobbying in states including California and Minnesota, courted city mayors, and
sought more government business.

The bank registered more than 150 lobbyists in 31 state capitals in 2012,
according to a Charlotte Observer review of state lobbyist registration rolls.
That's an increase from the 47 in 10 states it had five years ago - or 60 in 14
states, if you add in Wachovia's lobbyists.

Wells Fargo says the increase is largely tied to evolving rules on who must
register as a lobbyist. About half of U.S. states require people who seek
government contracts to put their names down.

The bank also says that while it may have more contracted lobbyists registered
under its name, Wells' in-house government relations team hasn't grown.

But in at least 11 states, Wells has registered lobbyists to influence
legislation where neither it nor Wachovia had voices five years ago, the
Observer's analysis found.

The growth is yet another example of the pre-eminent position the bank has taken
in the financial industry, particularly in mortgage lending and servicing, as
rivals have pulled back. Charlotte-based Bank of America has pared its state
lobbyist registrations by about a quarter, to 136, the Observer's data shows.

At the federal level, Wells Fargo is again the top commercial bank lobbying
spender, with $3.8 million spent in the first half of the year, according to
data from the Center for Responsive Politics. Last year, Wells Fargo led the
industry to a record-high level of lobbying spending.

Wells Fargo has also aimed its message at mayors. The bank has hosted four
gatherings of city executives in recent months - most recently last week in
Charlotte, where the bank showed a group of mayors around its housing
preservation workshop.

But since the real estate meltdown, statehouses have been a hotbed for banking
bills - especially since 49 state attorneys general reached a $25 billion
settlement this year with Wells Fargo, Bank of America and three other big banks
over shoddy mortgage servicing practices.

The American Bankers Association is tracking more than 200 statehouse bills on
topics ranging from foreclosure rules to homeowners' rights to mortgage fraud,
said Mathew Street, deputy general counsel for state relations.

California and other states have created forms of a "Homeowners Bill of Rights,"
while Arizona and Hawaii considered bills that would allow governments to use
eminent domain powers to seize troubled mortgages.

"It's not inherently bad to increase the number" of lobbyists, said Peggy Kerns,
director of the ethics center at the National Conference of State Legislatures.
"If there are certain policy issues that are being taken up, that happens. The
number of lobbyists ebbs and flows based on what the issues are."

Wells Fargo says the increase is driven in part by changes in laws that require
some employees seeking government contracts to register as "procurement"
lobbyists, also known as "executive" lobbyists. These lobbyists vie for
government entities' business, like bond underwriting and investments.

"There's been an increase in procurement lobbying laws over the past few years,
and Wells Fargo strives to comply with applicable laws and regulations," Wells
spokesman Josh Dunn said in an email.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           September 21, 2007 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

POTAWATOMI SPENT ABOUT $200,000 LOBBYING

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 208 words

DATELINE: ASSOCIATED PRESS


The Forest County Potawatomi spent about $200,000 lobbying in Washington, D.C.,
during the first half of the year, according to federal reports.

The tribe lobbied the president's office, the Bureau of Indian Affairs, both
houses of Congress and the Department of the Interior. The tribe's issues
included land in trust, air quality, tribal economic development and gaming
reform.

The Potawatomi are locked in a struggle with the Menominee, a rival Wisconsin
tribe working to build a new off-reservation casino in Kenosha.

The Potawatomi already operate a casino in nearby Milwaukee. The Menominee have
accused the Potawatomi of trying to stymie their efforts and preserve a gambling
monopoly in southeastern Wisconsin.

Menominee spokesman Evan Zeppos issued a statement calling the Potawatomi's
lobbying effort "disappointing."

"Potawatomi's leaders have shown they'll stop at nothing to sidestep
competition, and this is yet another example of how desperate they are to keep
hold of their monopoly," Zeppos said in the statement.

Potawatomi spokesman Ken Walsh countered the tribe didn't spend all its lobbying
dollars on blocking the Kenosha casino. The tribe is working on multiple issues
in Washington, including tribal health care and education, he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 02, 1996, Friday, Final Edition

House Kills Tougher Lobbying Provision; Language Would Have Required 2-Year Wait
for Key Ex-Hill Employees

Dan Morgan; Eric Pianin, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 651 words


A Senate proposal to toughen lobbying restrictions on former congressmen and
senior staffers was killed for this year when the House yesterday gave final
approval to a measure from which the provision had been dropped to win House
support.

The rider to a $ 2.2 billion bill funding Congress and its agencies in 1997
would have forced retiring members to wait two years before they could lobby in
the House or Senate on behalf of legislation. The current waiting period is one
year. Former staff members who earned more than $ 100,200 would have had to wait
five years instead of one before lobbying their former bosses or the committees
on which they had served.

House members opposed the changes during negotiations with the Senate. One aide
complained privately that the provision was an "incumbent lobbyist protection
act" that would not apply to those now lobbying Congress. Others warned that the
restrictions could drive qualified applicants away from congressional careers.

The provision would have addressed the "revolving door" that critics say has led
to an inbred, inside-the-Beltway class of politicians, former politicians and
aides making private deals on behalf of special interests with little public
exposure. "It's going to be offered in the future, I'm confident of that," said
Sen. Connie Mack (R-Fla.), who drafted the spending bill in the Senate.

During negotiations with the Senate, House conferees abandoned several
initiatives of their own, including one that would have gutted the operating
budget of the American Folklife Center and shifted the program from the Library
of Congress to the Smithsonian Institution.

In separate Senate spending action, the U.S. shipbuilding industry won an
important victory when the Appropriations Committee restored $ 44 million for
the government's main subsidy program for U.S. shipyards. The subsidy consists
of government-guaranteed loans for purchasers of vessels built in U.S. yards.

The committee accepted an amendment by Sen. Ted Stevens (R-Alaska), overriding a
subcommittee recommendation that the Title XI Maritime Guaranteed Loan Program,
branded "corporate welfare" by some conservatives, be terminated.

On hand were lobbyists for the Shipbuilding Council of America, representing
smaller, private yards that count on the subsidies to compete with subsidized
foreign yards. The administration supports continuing the subsidies, as does the
House.

Yesterday's action, combined with others taken by the current Congress, amounts
to strong federal support for the yards. The House and Senate this week agreed
on a 1997 defense authorization bill that would provide $ 1.1 billion for
building sealift vessels for the Army -- nearly double what the administration
sought, including $ 240 million for two special sealift ships for the Marines
not requested by the Pentagon.

Meanwhile, royalty relief enacted last year for oil and gas companies drilling
in deep waters in the Gulf of Mexico has produced a mini-boom for Gulf Coast
shipyards building platforms, drilling vessels and supply ships.

The shipbuilding subsidies are included in a $ 28.8 billion bill funding the
Commerce, Justice and State departments in 1997.

The bill increases funding for law enforcement by $ 1.3 billion, bringing total
Justice Department funding for prison, anti-terrorism, counter-narcotics and
other programs to a record $ 15.9 billion.

"The Justice Department is the Pentagon of the 1990s," said Sen. Ernest F.
Hollings (D-S.C.).

By contrast, the committee proposed cutting State Department diplomatic and
consular programs by $ 17 million below 1996.

But it noted in a report that the U.S. Information Agency had undergone "a
significant reorganization [and] downsizing," and suggested that the agency
"should concentrate further personnel reductions in support staff in
Washington," rather than in the field.

LOAD-DATE: August 02, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              400 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 19, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

STATE LAWMAKERS GIVE CITY LOW MARKS ON ITS LOBBYING

BYLINE: By JEFFREY SCHMALZ, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 884 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, June 18


Several key lawmakers say that New York City has failed to mount a consistently
effective lobbying effort at the State Capitol this year and that, as a result,
some bills opposed by the city are advancing while other measures favored by it
are languishing.

With Mayor Koch's attention centered on the city's corruption scandal, the
legislators say, he is less able to focus on lobbying for or against particular
bills. And even when he does lobby, according to the lawmakers, who include
several committee chairmen, his effectiveness has been reduced because of a
perception that he is less powerful as a result of the scandal.

In a sampling of committee chairmen and rank-and-file lawmakers, a majority
expressed criticism that the city was not presenting its case adequately.

Not Kept Fully Informed

Among them are three New York City Democrats who head key Assembly committees
and who are not known to hold any obvious political animus against the Mayor -
Jose E. Serrano of the Education Committee, Melvin H. Miller of the Codes
Committee and Alexander B. Grannis of the Housing Committee. A fourth, John C.
Dearie, the chairman of the Cities Committee, also agreed that the Mayor's
influence in Albany had diminished.

In addition, some of those lawmakers and other members of the Assembly and the
State Senate were critical of the Mayor's new chief lobbyist here, saying that
he did not keep them fully informed of the city's position on proposed
legislation and that he moved too slowly to try to quash measures the city
opposed.

The perception of the Mayor and the city's lobbying is by no means shared by all
lawmakers. Some of the highest-ranking legislators - such as Daniel B. Walsh,
the Assembly's Democratic majority leader, and Manfred Ohrenstein, the leader of
the Democratic minority in the Senate, -said they thought the city kept them
well informed of its priorities.

''You can focus on a bill here, a bill there,'' said Rosemary Ginty, the
director of the city's Office of Intergovernmental Relations, who returned a
telephone call made to the Mayor for comment. ''There are always people who say,
'You didn't talk to me.' But I think we've done very well.''

'The Merits Are the Same'

As for the perception that the Mayor has lost influence here, Miss Ginty said:
''I can't judge that. It seems to me that when we go and lobby issues, we don't
say, 'If we don't get this, Ed Koch will get you.' We lobby issues on the
merits, not on the power of the Mayor. The merits are the same as they've always
been.''

Miss Ginty pointed out that the Mayor had come here at least three times this
session to meet with legislative leaders and Governor Cuomo and to testify
before committees. In addition, she said, the Mayor has frequently written
letters to legislators and has held dinners and luncheons at Gracie Mansion for
committee chairmen and other state lawmakers.

But Mr. Grannis, the chairman of the Assembly Housing Committee, who attended
one such session at the mansion on May 30, said he found the Mayor
''uninterested and not prepared.''

Mr. Grannis said the Mayor stayed only a short time. ''Here's our one chance to
sit down with him and he hops up and leaves,'' Mr. Grannis said.

New Tax Measures

As examples of a drop in the city's influence, legislators noted that the Mayor
had so far not been able to win approval of two new tax measures to close a
projected $165 million city deficit. They also cited the recent public dispute
between state legislators and the Mayor over preparations for the city's Fourth
of July celebration in which the Legislature delayed passage of a bill the city
considered crucial to the festival.

Just this week, lawmakers said, a bill that would allow handguns licensed
elsewhere in the state to be carried in New York City was passed by the Assembly
Codes Committee even though the city was adamantly against it. Another bill
opposed by the city, which would require it to take over the Jamaica waterworks,
was approved by the Assembly Ways and Means Committee this week.

The votes in the Assembly are considered especially significant since it is the
house that usually most accommodates the city's wishes.

'Looks Less Threatening'

''I think all of us realize the Mayor is less of a significant figure, given his
recent problems,'' said Assemblyman G. Oliver Koppell, a Bronx Democrat. ''The
Mayor looks less threatening. Who needs the Mayor's support at this point, given
his diminished stature? In the past, you might worry about the Mayor campaigning
against you. I doubt now whether that would be so ominous.''

''I think all this hurts the ability of the city to impress on legislators the
need for something to happen,'' he added.

James Brenner, who took over this year as the city's chief lobbyist here, said
that his staff was in constant communication with legislators and that ''I think
we've accomplished some pretty important goals.''

Among a list of accomplishments, he cited passage of increased education aid to
the city and a plan to refurbish low- and middle-income housing by drawing on
future revenues from Battery Park City.

When asked why key committee chairmen would be complaining about him, Mr.
Brenner said: ''I have no idea. They have their perspective and I have mine.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              401 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2015 Wednesday

Cohen & Grigsby Launches Federal Lobbying Practice with Hire of Lobbyist, Aaron
Grau

LENGTH: 426  words

DATELINE: New York


New York County Lawyers' Association has issued the following news release:

Cohen & Grigsby, a business law firm in Pittsburgh, PA and an office in Naples,
FL, is pleased to announce the launch of its Federal Lobbying Practice with the
hiring of federal lobbyist, Aaron Grau.  With the launch, the Public Affairs
group will service clients with issues beyond local and state to those with a
more national focus, including clients of the firm's Naples office.  Grau will
work on a wide range of federal issues with a key emphasis on funding,
contracts, policy and association management.

Grau reestablished Grau & Associates, LLC in Pittsburgh after first starting the
firm more than ten years ago in Alexandria, Virginia.  Before creating his own
Pittsburgh-based company, Mr. Grau directed Pittsburgh's Duane Morris Government
Strategies' federal government affairs practice from its creation, a merger
between GSP Consulting and Duane Morris Government Affairs in January 2012.
Before the merger, as a GSP shareholder, Grau oversaw GSP's federal practice for
nine years.  During that time he managed and grew GSP's (and later Duane Morris
Government Strategies') federal government affairs practice.

Grau has a BA from Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia and a Juris Doctorate
from Mercer University in Macon, Georgia.  He is licensed to practice law in
Florida, Georgia, the District of Columbia, and the Federal Courts and has been
honored by the State of Ohio for his legislative work on behalf of people with
disabilities.

Cohen & Grigsby Public Affairs is a bipartisan public affairs group providing
government relations and lobbying services.  The team consists of lobbyists who
have years of experience working with both the legislative and administrative
process of government in Pennsylvania. They have served at various levels of
local and state government from both sides of the political spectrum.  The group
of professionals operates collaboratively to address each client's issues.

President and CEO Jack Elliott stated, "Cohen & Grigsby Public Affairs federal
lobbying practice and the addition of Aaron Grau will complement our current
team of professionals and further assist in the development and implementation
of our clients' government relations strategies. Taken together, the group's
extensive backgrounds will bring considerable resources to bear for our clients
in the Pittsburgh region and in Southwest Florida."


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              402 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2015 Wednesday

Cohen & Grigsby Launches Federal Lobbying Practice with Hire of Lobbyist, Aaron
Grau

LENGTH: 426  words

DATELINE: New York


New York County Lawyers' Association has issued the following news release:

Cohen & Grigsby, a business law firm in Pittsburgh, PA and an office in Naples,
FL, is pleased to announce the launch of its Federal Lobbying Practice with the
hiring of federal lobbyist, Aaron Grau.  With the launch, the Public Affairs
group will service clients with issues beyond local and state to those with a
more national focus, including clients of the firm's Naples office.  Grau will
work on a wide range of federal issues with a key emphasis on funding,
contracts, policy and association management.

Grau reestablished Grau & Associates, LLC in Pittsburgh after first starting the
firm more than ten years ago in Alexandria, Virginia.  Before creating his own
Pittsburgh-based company, Mr. Grau directed Pittsburgh's Duane Morris Government
Strategies' federal government affairs practice from its creation, a merger
between GSP Consulting and Duane Morris Government Affairs in January 2012.
Before the merger, as a GSP shareholder, Grau oversaw GSP's federal practice for
nine years.  During that time he managed and grew GSP's (and later Duane Morris
Government Strategies') federal government affairs practice.

Grau has a BA from Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia and a Juris Doctorate
from Mercer University in Macon, Georgia.  He is licensed to practice law in
Florida, Georgia, the District of Columbia, and the Federal Courts and has been
honored by the State of Ohio for his legislative work on behalf of people with
disabilities.

Cohen & Grigsby Public Affairs is a bipartisan public affairs group providing
government relations and lobbying services.  The team consists of lobbyists who
have years of experience working with both the legislative and administrative
process of government in Pennsylvania. They have served at various levels of
local and state government from both sides of the political spectrum.  The group
of professionals operates collaboratively to address each client's issues.

President and CEO Jack Elliott stated, "Cohen & Grigsby Public Affairs federal
lobbying practice and the addition of Aaron Grau will complement our current
team of professionals and further assist in the development and implementation
of our clients' government relations strategies. Taken together, the group's
extensive backgrounds will bring considerable resources to bear for our clients
in the Pittsburgh region and in Southwest Florida."


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

Cornerstone builds out from K Street

BYLINE: By Megan R. Wilson

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 785 words


Cornerstone Government Affairs is in expansion mode.

The K Street player is opening new offices outside the Beltway, as it seeks to
make inroads in the growing business of state and local lobbying.

A new office opening in Richmond, Va., will be the seventh for the firm, and
Cornerstone is also exploring offices in three additional locations, its leaders
told The Hill.

While it's common for big law and lobby shops to have networks of state offices
¯ and for smaller ones to have one or two regional posts ¯ Cornerstone says its
strategy is setting the firm apart.

"When you look at a multitude of issues ¯ whether it's funding, or policy ¯ they
might get started here [in Washington], but they're getting implemented at the
state and local level," said John Keast, who has been with the firm since 2006
and specializes in defense work. "The bottom line here is client service. ...
Clients expect, need, demand, robust client service."

Cornerstone opened its doors in 2002 with fewer than 10 staffers and has grown
to about 50 employees. Its client sheet includes blue-chip companies, such as
Boeing, Nike, Microsoft, Chobani and the spirits manufacturer Beam Inc., in
addition to several industry associations and municipal clients.

The firm already has offices in Baton Rouge, La.; Des Moines, Iowa; Jackson,
Miss.; and Austin and Houston in Texas, and is "actively considering" opening
offices in Annapolis, Md.; Frankfort, Ky.; and Atlanta over the next 12-18
months.

"Part of the vision that we had [for the firm], was that this was going to take
place," said Geoff Gonella, a president at Cornerstone.

The firm says that strategy is more helpful than ever, now that Congress has cut
back the amount of money that businesses are spending in Washington.

Cornerstone also bucked other industry trends over the years, including the
merger craze that created combinations of lobbying and PR firms.

"We looked at the idea of doing public relations, advertising, grassroots and so
forth ¯ as a lot of firms around town have done ¯ and ultimately decided not to
do that," said Camp Kaufman, the managing partner for state government relations
at Cornerstone, saying that the firm wanted to keep its strength in lobbying as
the focus.

One client, for example, hired Cornerstone two years ago, solely for federal
lobbying work. But at a recent meeting, the client asked Cornerstone to manage
its entire state advocacy operation ¯ proof, the firm says, that a national
portfolio can be built from K Street.

Although the state offices have their own teams, each outpost is based around
existing connections that lobbyists in the Washington headquarters already have
in that location, which expands the firm's reach for both state-level and
federal clients.

"Clients more and more are recognizing that, if they can't get something done ¯
particularly on big issues ¯ [that they can] go do it state by state," Kaufman
said.

Having a national reach is particularly important when clients find themselves
embroiled in controversies far from the nation's capital.

"An industry sector that we work for has been under attack in D.C., but because
the activists haven't been able to get legislation done, they've taken their
game to cities and states to do it. So, the defensive game has moved from one
place to hundreds of places," said Hunt Shipman, a former Department of
Agriculture official and congressional aide. "They're having to fight it in
states and also in cities."

The state offices also have a major upside for Cornerstone's Washington team, as
they can help their clients build relationships with lawmakers on their home
turf.

"We probably have a stronger relationship with the congressional delegations in
the states where we have an office," says Gonella, "in part because of our
business in the state, our work in the state, our clients in the state, our
advocacy in the state."

Cornerstone says it is projecting total revenue for 2014 of about $19.5 million,
with about 20 percent coming from the state offices. And the local number is
growing.

The firm also dabbles in international work, representing the South Korean
Embassy and LNG Allies, a coalition of European countries that wants to open up
U.S. exports of natural gas.

While no formal plans are in the works, Kaufman says that the firm has
considered setting up partnerships in places like London or Brussels.

No matter what comes next, Gonella said Cornerstone intends to stay loyal to its
roots as a firm focused on teamwork.

"That's what distinguishes us from other firms," he said. "It has become a part
of the way the firm is organized ¯ how we compensate people, how we service
clients, how we market ourselves, how we brand ourselves, is all centered on
that."

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2014 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              404 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 13, 1991, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Dinkins Friend Leads Surge in Lobbying Fees

BYLINE: By JOSH BARBANEL

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1005 words


Money spent by real-estate developers, city contractors, unions and other
interest groups to lobby New York City government rose sharply last year, and a
prime beneficiary was a lobbyist who is a longtime friend and tennis partner of
Mayor David N. Dinkins.

A report released yesterday by the City Clerk, Carlos Cuevas, showed that
lobbyists reported receiving nearly $8.5 million last year, an increase of about
a third over the amount reported in 1989. About 70 percent of the payments went
to only 10 firms.

One of every three dollars in new lobbying money was paid to the law firm of
Davidoff & Malito, headed by Sid Davidoff, a former official in the
administration of Mayor John V. Lindsay and a regular tennis partner, friend and
sometime adviser to Mr. Dinkins.

The soaring lobbying fees are believed by many lobbyists to be the highest since
the city strengthened enforcement of its previously ignored lobbying law after
the corruption scandals in 1986. They attributed the increase to the search by
businesses for ways to navigate the maze of city government after the election
of a new mayor and the adoption of a new City Charter that changed longstanding
government procedures.

Mr. Davidoff, who was Mayor Lindsay's administrative assistant, said his firm
made the most money from lobbying last year because it was "the best" He said
lobbying payments were rising over all because doing business in New York is
complicated and "scares business people."

"There are only a small number of people who understand how the government works
and are good at it," he said.

But this view is disputed by representatives of some government watchdog groups
speaking publicly. Gene Russianoff, a senior lawyer with the New York Public
Interest Research Group, said Mr. Davidoff was providing "access."

"I think his clients think he has a higher level of access to the top of City
Hall, and that is a reasonable conclusion reading the newspapers and watching
TV," he said. "This guy is a phone call away from the top levels of City Hall."

Mr. Dinkins and Mr. Davidoff are so close that earlier this month the Mayor
invited Mr. Davidoff to appear with him in a skit before an audience of about
1,000 officials, business executives and journalists and participate in the
Mayor's rebuttal to an evening of satire in the annual Inner Circle Show, a
charity event held by City Hall reporters. He was one of the few nonactors to
participate in the skit.

The City Clerk's report showed that Davidoff & Malito reported receiving $1.64
million last year, a 70 percent increase from the $962,644 the firm received the
year before.

The Davidoff firm, which also ranked first in 1989, increased its client list to
79 from 45. It received one of five lobbying dollars last year.

Mayor Dinkins said Mr. Davidoff had never lobbied him personally on behalf of
any client since his mayoral inauguration. But he said, through a spokesman,
that he and Mr. Davidoff attended a briefing several weeks ago at the Parks
Department headquarters on a $150 million city plan to build a new stadium at
the National Tennis Center in Queens.

Last year the United States Tennis Association, which holds the U.S. Open at the
center, paid Mr. Davidoff $29,000 to be its lobbyist with the city. At the
meeting, attended by more than 20 people, Mayor Dinkins approved the plan. The
spokesman, Leland T. Jones, said Mr. Davidoff's ties to the tennis center had
nothing to do do with the Mayor's approval.

About Mr. Davidoff's lobbying in general, Mr. Dinkins said: "Nobody's view is
more keenly observed or better listened to because they happen to be friends or
whatever. All matters are considered on the merits."

Concentration of Power

Norman Adler, a longtime lobbist and political consultant, said the new City
Charter concentrated power in fewer places, particularly the Mayor's office and
the City Council, thereby increasing the clout of lobbyists who are thought to
be able to influence those bodies.

"The more you concentrate power, the easier it is for lobbyists to work," Mr.
Adler said.

Mr. Russianoff attributed the surge in lobbying to efforts by developers last
year to push projects through the city's Board of Estimate before its powers
expired under the new City Charter.

The City Conflicts of Interest Board said last month that it was looking into
whether first Deputy Mayor Norman Steisel acted improperly in accepting free
lodging from Mr. Davidoff in a Miami condominium during a vacation last month.
Mr. Steisel, who requested the review, said Mr. Davidoff has been a friend for
decades.

Mr. Davidoff said that his firm has more than 30 lawyers and that lobbying made
up only a small part of the firm's business. He said that despite the increase
in his lobbying business, he set a policy of not taking any clients whose
interests "run counter to the Mayor's policy."

"I turn down more business than I take" he said. When Mr. Dinkins was elected,
Mr. Davidoff stopped representing the private trash hauling industry, which has
been the periodic target of prosecutors investigating organized crime influence.

His clients range from huge national companies, like the Bechtel Corporation and
McDonald's, to local cable television franchise holders, developers and city
contractors.

'A Serious Problem'

Last year the Perez Interboro Asphalt Company paid Mr. Davidoff's firm $45,000
after the company stirred the ire of Bronx residents and jeopardized its
standing with the city by mistakenly cutting down 67 stately maple trees along
Mosholu Parkway during a construction project.

"He had a serious problem with the community and the administration, he was
considered to be a leper," Mr. Davidoff said. "I disagreed and now they say he
has turned around."

Another client is Vanguard Meter Service, which paid the firm $5,000 last year.
Prosecutors are now investigating how the small Kentucky company won tens of
millions of dollars in contracts to install water meters in New York City.

NAME: Sid Davidoff

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Sid Davidoff heads the leading firm lobbying New York City. (The
New York Times, 1986) (pg. A1)

Charts: 'The 10 Biggest Lobbyists in New York City' lists fees paid by
businesses and interest groups to lobby the New York City government in 1990
(Source: New York City Clerk's office); 'The Biggest Lobbyist's Biggest Clients'
lists the law firm of Davidoff & Malto's 20 biggest clients (Source: New York
City Clerk's office) (pg. B6)

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              405 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                            March 6, 2013 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Canada intensifies Keystone lobbying campaign; Natural resources minister makes
pitch to politicians

BYLINE: WILLIAM MARSDEN, Postmedia News Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; William Marsden; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 1021 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


As the decision on the Keystone XL pipeline nears, Canadian governments have
launched an intense if not desperate lobbying campaign in the United States
designed to convince influential U.S. politicians and industrial leaders that
the pipeline is vital for U.S. security and economic interests and is also an
environmentally responsible energy source.

The goal is to counter the rising influence of environmental groups such as the
prominent Sierra Club and 350.org, whose leaders have lobbied vigorously to try
to kill the 1,800-kilometre pipeline that will transport oil-sands bitumen from
Alberta and shale oil from Montana and North Dakota to Texas refineries.

Environmentalists have succeeded in changing the debate from one of purely
economic and energy security issues to the environment, forcing Canada to
justify its record on boreal forest destruction and on greenhouse-gas
reductions.

Joe Oliver, Canada's natural resources minister, was in Chicago Tuesday and in
Houston Wednesday, where he will speak to the IHS Cambridge Energy Research
Associates' annual conference.

In a conference call with reporters, Oliver said he also hopes to meet with U.S.
President Barack Obama's choice for energy minister, Ernest Moniz, after his
confirmation.

Oliver dismissed the possibility that Canadian lobbying could become
counterproductive, claiming that Canada has to "put the facts out" and that its
lobbying is a "natural" part of the process. He acknowledged that the game has
changed in the U.S., and Canada has to argue the environmental aspects of the
oilsands.

Obama will make the final decision on Keystone, which is not expected before the
summer. By law, he must base it on the broadly flexible idea of U.S. national
interests.

Oliver also said Keystone and other planned pipelines are "critically important"
to the Canadian economy because current bottlenecks in North American oil
pipeline deliveries caused by a lack of pipeline capacity has landlocked
Canadian oil. This means Canada earns a lower price for its oil - about $21 a
barrel or $20 billion a year at current prices - than it would otherwise get on
international markets.

"We are losing an enormous amount of money to the Canadian economy from the
price differential," he conceded. "And that's why it is an overarching object of
our government to move our oil to tide water where it can attract international
prices. We need a bigger market and we're running out of pipeline capacity."

Another Canadian leader expected in the U.S. this week is Saskatchewan Premier
Brad Wall. He is visiting Washington Wednesday to Friday to meet with more than
a dozen senators and representatives from both parties, plus State Department
officials, Wall's aide, Christy Cox, said.

The visits follow trips to Washington last month by Alberta Premier Alison
Redford and Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird.

Oliver's first stop in his U.S. tour was Chicago, which is in Obama's home state
and a powerful Democrat powerbase. In a speech to the Chicago Council on Global
Affairs, he outlined the economic advantages and environmental record of the
oilsands.

"The development of new oilsands projects will generate more jobs in Illinois
than any other state," he said, adding that "570,000 person years of employment
will be created over the next 25 years in Illinois."

Oliver later met with Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Obama's former chief of staff
and a close political ally. Oliver denied he met Emanuel because he is a direct
link to Obama. He said he wanted to meet with the mayor of Illinois's most
important city because the state has more to gain from the Keystone and the
expansion of the oilsands than any other state in the union.

He said he wanted to convey to Emanuel that Canadian oil is not only a big job
creator for the state, but also "environmentally responsible."

In his speech to the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, Oliver said he wanted to
correct the "false information about the oilsands" spread by opponents of
oilsands expansion and "give you the unvarnished goods."

He said the oilsands have attracted about $160 billion in investment because
they are a "free enterprise" opportunity in a world where 80 per cent of oil
reserves are state controlled. "That is why so many U.S. companies have invested
heavily in the oil-sands," Oliver said.

"America needs oil and Canada has an abundance of it," he said. "It only makes
sense to work together to-ward our common goals of improving the environment,
growing the economy and strengthening our common security."

He said the oilsands "are subject to some of the most stringent environmental
regulations and monitoring in the world."

When it comes to greenhouse-gas emissions, he said, the oilsands travelling
through Keystone XL, which would be built by TransCanada Corp., would represent
"less than one two-thousandths of global emissions."

Keystone crude, he said, would simply replace heavy oil coming from Venezuela
and Mexico.

"It would therefore have no discernible impact on global greenhouse gas
emissions," he said.

Oliver told reporters after the speech that Canada is targeting the oilsands
with new greenhouse regulations but he said it was up to Canada's environment
minister, Peter Kent, to make the announcement on when these new regulations
would come into effect or what they would be.

Toward the end of his speech, Oliver added a not-so-veiled warning that unless
Keystone is built, Canada will continue to develop pipelines that will bring its
oil to "new customers," opening "the door for Canadian crude to growing markets
in Asia."

Finally, he chastised environmental groups and "movie stars" for turning the
Keystone into a "symbolic issue in their larger battle against the development
of hydrocarbons and specifically the oilsands."

"Keystone could enable a future that sees the U.S. virtually eliminate its
reliance on less reliable and less environmentally responsible foreign sources,"
he concluded. "With Canada able to supply all of the U.S.'s future imported oil
needs and the energy sector in the U.S. continually growing, together we can
achieve North American energy independence by 2035."

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ASSOCIATED PRESS FILES; U.S. President Barack Obama, at the TransCanada
Stillwater Pipe Yard in Cushing, Okla., in 2012, will make the final decision on
the Keystone XL pipeline.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              406 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             May 20, 2010 Thursday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Lobbyists reap $6 million in Illinois public funds Watchdog group cites rising
competition for dwindling state dollars, says lax disclosure laws conceal even
greater spending.

BYLINE: BY KEVIN McDERMOTT o kmcdermott@post-dispatch.com > 217-782-4912

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 563 words

DATELINE: 0


SPRINGFIELD, ILL. - Public bodies in Illinois spent more than $6 million in
public money last year contracting professional lobbyists to represent their
interests in state government, says a new study.

That's a higher lobbying bill than the state's schools, park districts and
cities have had in the past - possibly the result of fierce competition for
dwindling state dollars.

Among the public bodies with hired political guns is the village of Swansea,
which spent $40,000 on professional lobbying services in Springfield last year.
Also, the public transportation agencies for Madison and St. Clair counties
together spent more than $100,000.

The Illinois Campaign for Political Reform says the $6.4 million in lobbying
contracts it identified in Illinois for fiscal 2009 is a sliver of a much bigger
pie that's largely hidden by the state's lax lobbyist-disclosure laws.

"Public disclosure requirements under the Illinois Lobbyist Registration Act are
minimal compared with the regulation of lobbyists at the federal level and in
many other states," says the report.

This is the third year the group has tracked public spending on lobbyists. Among
the report's findings:

- There were 119 units of government in Illinois that contracted with lobbyists
in 2009, with about one-third of those spending more than they did the previous
year.

- Those contracts are held by 85 lobbying entities with a presence in
Springfield, with former state legislators among those doing the lobbying.

- Four mass-transit agencies in the Chicago area alone spent almost $1 million
on lobbying activities.

- Other entities hiring lobbyists to represent their interests in Springfield
were school districts, park districts, colleges and universities, townships,
county governments and numerous villages and cities, including the city of
Springfield.

- Lobbying fees that those governmental units are paying monthly range from $750
to $18,500, with an average monthly payment of $4,000.

Cynthia Canary, director of the Chicago-based watchdog group, noted that the
concept of one unit of government hiring private lobbyists to communicate with
another unit of government often looks "absolutely crazy" to taxpayers. "In
essence, we're spending money to talk to ourselves," she said.

But she added that, with the state's budget crisis, local units of government
are competing for every state dollar they can get. "While I think it is crazy, I
understand it" in that context, she said.

The village of Swansea last year had a $40,000 contract with a Springfield
private lobbying firm, Governmental Consulting Solutions. Village administrator
John Openlander said the contract has helped the city cut through bureaucratic
mazes in state agencies on things like environmental issues and economic
development grants. "They help us find the right people to contact," he said.

The president of Governmental Consulting Solutions, Chris Stone, said the
state's budget crisis has highlighted the reason some local governments believe
they need their own hired representatives in Springfield, apart from the state
legislators who already represent them there.

Stone noted that one of his clients, the city of Vandalia, is owed money from
the state for water service to the state prison there. The firm is pursuing the
payment. "These are the kinds of requests you see on a regular basis," said
Stone, "especially these days."

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            December 24, 2010 Friday

Colleges spend big to halt aid rules

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

LENGTH: 641 words


For-profit colleges more than doubled spending on lobbying and hired six former
members of Congress this year to fight regulations that threaten the industry.

Ten education companies and their trade association spent $3.8 million on
lobbying in the first nine months of 2010, up from $1.5 million in the
comparable period last year, according to reports filed with Congress.

For-profit colleges are resisting a Department of Education proposal to restrict
funding and objecting to a law that limits their revenue from government
sources. The proposed restriction, called "gainful employment," would tie
eligibility for federal student-aid programs to graduates' incomes and loan
repayment rates.

"The stakes are extremely high," said Harris Miller, president and chief
executive officer of the Association of Private Sector Colleges and
Universities, the Washington-based trade group trying to blunt the regulations.
"It's the biggest fight I've been in since coming to the industry."

Miller's group spent $630,000 on lobbying in the first nine months of 2010, more
than three times the $167,692 total of a year earlier, according to filings with
the Senate and House. Education Management Corp. spent $410,000 on lobbying in
the first nine months, up eightfold from $50,000 a year earlier. That company
was 39 percent owned by New York-based Goldman Sachs Group Inc. as of Nov. 5,
according to data compiled by Bloomberg.

Pittsburgh-based Education Management hired former U.S. Reps. Tom Loeffler,
R-Texas, and William Gray, D-Pa., according to the filings. Gray belonged to the
Congressional Black Caucus, whose members signed letters to the Education
Department this year saying the gainful employment rule would hurt minority
students.

"What they bring is a Rolodex," said Craig Holman of Public Citizen, a
Washington-based advocacy group that calls for curbs on lobbying. "They worked
with members who are still there, who know them well and know their senior
staff. When they make a phone call to ask for a visit, they get it."

Career Education Corp., based in Hoffman Estates, Ill., spent $540,000 from
January through September, compared with $210,000 in the same period in 2009,
and hired former Rep. Toby Moffett, D-Conn.

Washington Post Co., owner of the Kaplan education business, spent $470,000 in
the first nine months, compared with $120,000 a year earlier, according to
filings, and hired former Rep. Vic Fazio, D-Calif. Fazio is a senior adviser at
Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP, a law firm based in Washington. Post
Chairman and CEO Donald Graham has also lobbied against Education Department
regulations.

"There's been considerable misinformation generated about for-profit colleges in
recent months, and it's important that lawmakers understand that Kaplan is in
the business of helping people succeed," Rima Calderon, a Kaplan spokeswoman,
wrote in an e-mail. "We have retained people to help us tell that story, and we
hope lawmakers are listening."

Jeff Leshay, a spokesman for Career Education, and Jacquelyn Muller, a
spokeswoman for Education Management, did not return calls seeking comment.

For-profit colleges have also contributed to political campaigns. Two for-profit
colleges were among the 14 biggest donors to the re-election effort of Rep. John
Boehner, R-Ohio, who will be speaker of the House, according to the Center for
Responsive Politics, a Washington-based research group. Employees of Corinthian
Colleges Inc., based in Santa Ana, Calif., and Apollo Group Inc., owner of the
University of Phoenix, gave $18,250 and $14,000 respectively, according to the
center.

The Education Department delayed issuing the gainful employment rule until early
next year after receiving a record 90,000 comments, many from staff and students
at for-profit colleges. The rule is scheduled to go into effect in 2012.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            December 4, 2007 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

PRIVATE MONEY MESSES UP PUBLIC GOVERNMENT

BYLINE: Ed Garvey

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 770 words


When Jon Stewart pretends to get serious with the TV audience, he moves his
chair and says, "Meet me at Camera 3." I don't have a Camera 3, but come with me
anyway.

Our system of government, financed by the private sector, is in trouble. On the
national level a new problem has emerged. Trent Lott's sudden "I'm out of here!"
scream last week, as he gave up on perhaps the most coveted job in all of
government, the U.S. Senate, boggled the mind.

John Corzine, now governor of New Jersey, paid $59 million for a seat in the
Senate, so it must be a darned good job. But Lott said: I'm out of here now!
Today. Saddle up!

Why? The media have focused on the new law, which takes effect Jan. 1, 2008,
restricting senators and House members from "lobbying" former colleagues for two
years, doubling the current ban.

I'm not buying it.

Lott gave away a loophole in the law that is as big as the house he lost to
Hurricane Katrina. He downplayed the impact of the two-year lobbying ban and
told us that there is a difference between "lobbying" and "consulting." In other
words, he won't be delayed by the old one-year ban or the new two-year ban on
lobbying. He will "consult."

Lobbyists scurry around the Capitol meeting with members and staff. Consultants
don't scurry round the Capitol. Lott will host Georgetown power dinners and
raise money for current senators. He will consult as the envelope is passed.

If he violates the law and actually lobbies his former colleagues, who will turn
him in? And who will argue that it was lobbying, not consulting? So amend the
law - no lobbying, no consulting, no fundraising for two years. Violate the ban
- lose your pension.

Another scandal may develop. Within a day of Lott's precipitous departure, his
brother-in-law, Richard Scruggs, a trial lawyer in Mississippi, who made
millions if not billions in the cases against Big Tobacco, found himself in the
cauldron.

Scruggs has been negotiating with insurance companies for people whose homes
were damaged or destroyed by Katrina. The Scruggs firm got into a fight over the
allocation of $26 million in legal fees from the insurance companies and one
attorney brought a suit to get more money than Scruggs wanted to share. Some
members of the Scruggs firm were indicted almost at the moment when Lott
"retired." Why? Allegedly they gave $50,000 in cash to the Mississippi state
judge to get a favorable ruling on the fee matter! And the judge was wired.

Scruggs also represented his brother-in-law in the settlement for the home Lott
lost when Katrina hit. I'll bet the senator's settlement was a dandy.

So Trent Lott, on his way out the door, further undermines public confidence in
our government. (I'm sure he also wanted to avoid the Senate Ethics Committee,
chaired by a Democrat. As Kenny Rogers sings, "You gotta know when to hold 'em
and know when to fold 'em." Trent Lott decided to fold 'em.) It makes you wonder
what else could go wrong.

But that's Mississippi - not Wisconsin, home of Fighting Bob La Follette,
Gaylord Nelson, Dave Obey and Bill Proxmire. But, alas, some problems have come
up in Wisconsin.

It all began when Wisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce decided to flex its
checkbook to push its chosen candidate for the Supreme Court along with seeking
a more compatible attorney general than Peg Lautenschlager. WMC spent up to $4
million and its choices won. Then the problems began and are still ongoing.

I'll skip the part you know all about and go to the heart of the problem as it
surfaced last week. The question is to recuse or not recuse for the justice when
a case comes before the Supreme Court in which WMC has an interest. Should the
AG ask the justice to recuse or not? Either way, it doesn't look good.

WMC jumped in with public assurances that its chosen candidate would be fair.
Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen opted not to ask the justice to recuse in a big
tax case.

Then came the question from the media. Should all justices recuse when a party
to a case contributes to their campaign? If so, anyone could, with less than a
thousand dollars, give to all seven justices and cause utter chaos.

In any event, public confidence in the Supreme Court may go out the window. What
to do?

The answer is simple: Publicly finance Supreme Court races. Period. Gov. Jim
Doyle has called a special session on Dec. 11 to take up this idea and more.
First things first. Get the recusal issue out of the court and private money out
of judicial elections as quickly as Trent Lott left the Senate.

Ed Garvey is a Madison lawyer, political activist and the editor of the
fightingbob.com Web site. E-mail: comments@fightingbob.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              409 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            December 20, 1985 Friday

U.S. congressmen are outnumbered 19 to 1

BYLINE: WILLIAM JOHNSON; GAM

LENGTH: 608 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


BY  WILLIAM JOHNSON
  Globe and Mail Correspondent
   WASHINGTON
    Lobbying is probably Washington's most important industry next to
 government, and lobbyists outnumber the members of Congress 19 to 1.

The number of lobbyists in Washington is estimated at more than 10,000.
 About 4,000 represent trade unions, professional associations and the
 like; about 1,250 represent individual companies; another 1,250 represent
 a range of special causes, such as Zero Population Growth, Inc.; the
 National Rifle Association; Greenpeace, USA; the National Organization for
 Women; National Right to Life; the Wilderness Society; 2,500 represent
 foreign governments, U.S. states or municipalities, or intervene in
 regulatory hearings.

To control the lobbyists, Congress passed the Federal Regulation of
 Lobbying Act of 1946, which relies on disclosure.

Lobbyists, under the act, are people who earn or spend money
 principally for 'the passage or defeat of any legislation by the Congress
 of the United States," or 'to influence, directly or indirectly, the
 passage or defeat of any legislation by the Congress of the United
 States."
    They are required to register as lobbyists with the Clerk of the House
 of Representatives or the Secretary of the Senate before they begin their
 lobbying activity.

They must also report under oath each quarter all the money they have
 received and all they have spent in pursuit of lobbying. They have to say
 whom they gave money to, for what purpose, and what legislation it was
 that they opposed or backed.

They must also list any newspaper, periodical, magazine or other
 publication in which they had articles published in furtherance of their
 lobbying.

They must list the name and address of each person who has made a
 contribution of $500 or more for lobbying purposes, and keep a list - with
 receipts - of all expenditures of $10 or more for the same end.

All this information is then published in the Congressional Record.

Penalties for violating the act include fines of up to $5,000,
 imprisonment for up to 12 months, or both. Anyone convicted is barred from
 lobbying for three years.

A special case among lobbyists are those who represent foreign
 interests. They are governed by The Foreign Agents Registration Act of
 1938, which was passed to spotlight the activities of Nazi agents in the
 United States before the Second World War.

Foreign agents must register with the Attorney-General, give a complete
 list of all employees detailing the work of each, and give a detailed
 account to the Justice Department of all their activities on behalf of a
 foreign interest.

When the foreign agent publishes 'political progaganda" on behalf of a
 client, the publication must be conspicuously labelled propaganda. (A film
 against nuclear weapons by Canada's National Film Board was seized in 1983
 because it was not labelled propaganda).

Penalties for violating the Foreign Agents Registration Act can go up
 to $25,000 and one year's imprisonment.

Each year, Columbia Books Inc. publishes a directory of lobbyists that
 is thicker than the District of Columbia telephone book. The 1984 edition
 of Washington Representatives numbered 608 pages. It listed lobbyists
 alphabetically, from Aagre, Robert J., who represents the Chamber of
 Commerce of the USA, to Zwisler, Carl E., who has as clients the
 California Franchisor Political Action Committee and the International
 Franchise Association.

A second section of the directory lists alphabetically the
 organizations, with the lobbyist or lobbyists representing each. They go
 from A/C Pipe Producers Association to Zoological Action Committee.

The directory also groups lobbyists by subject matter.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              June 14, 2010 Monday

OKC-based Chesapeake, Devon combined spend $1.5M on lobbying

BYLINE: Brianna Bailey

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 531  words


Chesapeake Energy spent more than $1 million lobbying the federal government on
issues ranging from climate change to the derivatives market during the first
quarter of 2010 alone, according to public records. Devon Energy spent a little
more than half a million dollars on lobbying efforts during the same period of
time, according to federal disclosure statements.

The lobbying reports, required by federal law, include payments to Washington,
D.C., lobbying firms, as well as money spent analyzing and monitoring
legislation and things like dues to trade organizations and travel expenses.

Chesapeake spent $1.08 million during the first quarter of 2010 on lobbying
efforts, according to disclosure statements. Devon spent $525,000 during the
same period of time.

Both Chesapeake and Devon paid close attention to legislation related to climate
change and environmental policy, including two bills that would make hydraulic
fracturing, an integral part of the natural gas extraction process the companies
use, subject to federal regulation.

The process involves using liquids to create fractures in rock to aid in the
extraction of natural gas from rock formations. Environmentalists have raised
concerns about groundwater contamination from hydraulic fracturing, although
natural gas companies claim the process is safe and has been in use for more
than 60 years.

Senate Bill 1215 and House Resolution 2766 would force oil and gas companies
like Devon and Chesapeake to disclose the chemicals they use in the hydraulic
fracturing process, as well as put restrictions on underground injection of the
fluids near drinking water sources. Both bills are in committee.

Chesapeake Energy has been working closely with U.S. Diana DeGette, D-Colo., who
authored the House version of the hydraulic fracturing bill, and members of the
energy and commerce committee to make its voice heard, said Tom Price Jr., a
senior vice president of corporate development and government relations for
Chesapeake.

"We want to ensure we have a bill that addresses the concerns of those in some
of the new areas of the country, while not taking the legislation into the areas
that are not going to enhance the protection of the environment, but are just
going to reduce the amount of capital investment into the industry and reduce
the overall production of natural gas as well," Price said.

Chesapeake and Devon both spent money during the first quarter monitoring bills
such as House Resolution 2454, the American Clean Energy and Security Act of
2009. Also known as the Waxman-Markey cap-and-trade bill, HR 2454 would create a
cap-and-trade system for greenhouse gas emissions and promote the development of
clean energy resources in the United States. The bill passed the House last
spring and is awaiting a vote in the Senate.

The Waxman bill mentions developing alternatives to coal and oil, but pays
little attention to natural gas, said Chip Minty, a spokesman for Devon Energy.

"The Waxman bill really ignored natural gas," Minty said. "When it passed, we
realized that few of the policymakers in Washington realized the potential
natural gas has for solving some of the energy problems we have in this country.
"

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              411 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            April 4, 2007 Wednesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Gephardt starts new lobbying firm The group focuses on companies 'involved in
good corporate citizenry,' says the ex-congressman's son.

BYLINE: By Adam Sichko POST-DISPATCH WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 418 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Former Missouri Rep. Richard Gephardt has set up a newly registered lobbying
firm called the Gephardt Group - an apt name considering that half of the
group's staffers are members of the family.

Two of his children, Matthew and Christine, have joined their father in the
latest of his endeavors since he left Congress in 2005.

So far, the Gephardt Group has picked up three clients, including St.
Louis-based Peabody Energy Corp. He's trying to line up more area clients, given
his history with the city, Matthew Gephardt said.

"We're really getting involved with companies that share our values - ones
involved in good corporate citizenry, with taking care of their employees,
taking care of their environment and their local area as well, investing back in
the community," he said from Atlanta, where the firm is based.

The firm evolved out of a consulting operation that Richard Gephardt, a
Democrat, had been running since early 2005. In that business, he advises
clients on issues including labor relations and health care, areas where he made
a mark in his 28 years in Congress.

The Gephardt Group's three clients thus far, according to lobbying registration
documents filed with Congress, are:

- Peabody Energy Corp. The nation's biggest coal company is likely to be heavily
involved in shaping global warming legislation, hoping to avoid stringent
mandatory limits on carbon emissions.

- E3 BioFuels LLC. The company, based in Kansas, plans to build 15 commercial
plants that make ethanol, a major issue on Capitol Hill.

- Telepier Foundations LLC. The company, based in Georgia, builds anchoring
systems for mobile homes, which are in high demand in the Gulf Coast region.

The firm is a family affair: Matthew is the chief operating officer, and
Christine works part time while attending Georgetown University law school.

The staff also includes Sharon Daniels, a longtime Gephardt aide in Washington,
and two other employees.

The firm will continue advising current clients - including Anheuser-Busch Cos.
Inc. and Goldman Sachs - on business and labor issues, Matthew Gephardt said.
And outside the office, his father will keep up his duties as a senior adviser
with DLA Piper Rudnick Gray Cary, an international law firm based in Washington.

The senior Gephardt sits on the board of directors of several companies, among
them St. Louis-based Centene Corp., St. Jude Children's Hospital and U.S. Steel.

He also heads the advisory committee for Washington University's public service
institute that bears his name.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO - Former Rep. Richard Gephardt is branching out from his consulting
business.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     October 14, 2003 Tuesday CITY EDITION

DRUG LOBBY FIGHT AGAINST IMPORTS HIT $8.5 MILLION

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 491 words


The pharmaceutical industry's trade group spent $8.5 million in lobbying this
year as it worked against a bill to allow importation of government-approved
drugs. The Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America spent the money
lobbying Congress and federal agencies in the first half of this year, the most
the group has ever spent in a reporting period, according to federal reports
reviewed by The Associated Press. Rep. Gil Gutknecht, a Minnesota Republican who
sponsored the House importation plan, said he was not surprised by the trade
group's lobbying figures. "Members who had been here 20 years said they had not
seen anything like it," he said. The pharmaceutical trade group, known as PhRMA,
represents major drug companies. A PhRMA spokesman said the organization does
not discuss its lobbying.

AOL is gone from Time Warner Thursday

As of Thursday, the world's largest media company will officially drop "AOL"
from its name and be known as "Time Warner Inc.," as it was before it announced
a merger with America Online at the height of the Internet boom in early 2000.
The company's shares will also resume trading under their former ticker symbol
of "TWX" on the New York Stock Exchange on Thursday, instead of the current
"AOL." The company will also change its Web site to www.timewarner.com from
www.aoltime-warner.com. Veterans from the Time Warner side of the company have
long pressed for AOL to be removed from the company name as disappointment over
the merger mounted.

Starbucks credit card use earns discounts

Starbucks Corp., the largest U.S. coffeeshop chain, plans to offer a credit card
that allows customers to earn a percentage of each transaction toward the
purchase of food, beverages and merchandise at its stores. Starbucks is joining
with Bank One Corp. and Visa International Inc. on the Starbucks Card Duetto
Visa. Customers will receive 1 percent back in "Duetto Dollars" on each card
purchase, redeemable at Starbucks stores when the same card is used. The
Seattle-based company has boosted sales through prepaid gift cards, which entice
customers to visit stores more often. Gift cards generated 10 percent of
Starbucks' third-quarter North American sales, the company has said.

Sports Authority will triple estimates

The Sports Authority Inc., the nation's largest sporting-goods chain, Monday
said a surge in sales will push earnings for its latest quarter to triple
previous estimates. It also raised its estimates for the full fiscal year. The
third quarter will be the first time Englewood, Colo.-based Sports Authority
posts results that reflect the merger of Gart Sports Co. and the original Sports
Authority. Sports Authority said it now expects earnings of 13 cents to 15 cents
a share for the third quarter that will end Nov. 1, on sales of about $550
million. It said sales at stores open at least a year will grow 1 percent to 2
percent.

-- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Nam Y. Huh, Associated Press

Brandon Taylor joined a group of clerks in a picket line outside a Ralphs
grocery story Monday in Los Angeles. More than 70,000 Southern California
grocery clerks went on strike late Saturday after lengthy negotiations ended
between union representatives and grocery store officials. Grocery workers at
Kroger stores in West Virginia, Ohio and Kentucky voted to strike at midnight
Monday. In Missouri, about 10,000 United Food & Commercial Worker members have
been on strike at the St. Louis area's three largest chain grocers since last
Tuesday.

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            November 7, 2010 Sunday

O.C. supervisors again consider lobby regulation

BYLINE: KIMBERLY, Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 580 words



HIGHLIGHT: Rule would force lobbyists to register, make information public.


The Board of Supervisors this week will again consider regulating lobbyists and
themselves in the hopes of shining more light on how the county's government
makes decisions - and on who is whispering in their ears to influence those
decisions.

Lobbyists are required to register when dealing with the state of California as
well as Los Angeles, San Diego and San Francisco counties.

But those rules don't apply when it comes to those trying to influence Orange
County government.

The County of Orange, which is responsible for more than $5.4 billion dollars in
taxpayer funds, is the largest local government in California without a system
to monitor and report on lobbyists and their lobbying.

For now.

An ordinance introduced by Supervisor Bill Campbell, up for consideration at
Tuesday's board meeting, would require lobbyists who make more than $1,000 a
month for lobbying activities to register quarterly with the clerk of the board.

Those lists would be available to the public.

"It's time to bring this out from behind the closed doors of their offices,"
said longtime Orange County government watchdog Shirley Grindle, who sent a
complimentary message to Campbell for bringing the issue to light.

Grindle said that a handful of lobbyists, operating without rules and behind
closed doors, have been allowed to exert an enormous amount of influence on
county politics.

"The public's entitled to know who's lobbying for special interests," said Nick
Berardino, general manager of the Orange County Employees Association. "It's
their government."

But what exactly lobbyists and officials are talking about won't be made public.

And there is no provision barring lobbyists from raising campaign funds for the
supervisors they lobby.

Still, the proposed ordinance appears to be a step in the right direction,
Grindle said.

Failure to register would result in fines starting at $25 a week. Anyone who
knowingly breaks the rules could be fined up to $2,500.

Former state Sen. Joe Dunn, executive director of the California State Bar,
proposed a county lobbyist registration system in January, but the plan - which
required both lobbyists and public officials to disclose their conversations -
was dismissed by supervisors as unnecessary.

Campbell's less-restrictive proposal is the board's answer to Dunn.

Nationwide, lobbying expenditures grew by 5 percent, from $3.3 billion in 2008
to $3.5 billion in 2009. That's up from just $1.4 billion in 1998, according to
a June 2009 Orange County grand jury report titled "Lobbying: The Shadow
Government."

The amount of money spent on lobbying efforts in 2009 is roughly half the amount
of money the federal government spent on the federal court system, in its
entirety, the grand jury said.

The grand jury estimated that 25 individuals and firms actively lobby Orange
County public officials, but the public doesn't know who they are, which
officials they are talking to, or what their aims are.

The Orange County grand jury suggested a county registration system that would
include registration fees, mandatory reporting, and fines and penalties if
lobbyists don't follow the rules.

Campbell's ordinance falls in line with many of the grand jury's suggestions. If
approved, the new rules would go into effect Jan. 1.

"In this environment, any elected official who would vote against transparency
is tantamount to laying out in front of a truck on the freeway," Berardino said.

For more OC Watchdog go to ocregister.com/watchdogblog.



kedds@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              414 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 17, 1986, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

THURMOND EASES PROPOSED LOBBYING CURBS

BYLINE: By MARTIN TOLCHIN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 20, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 645 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 16


Strom Thurmond, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, has agreed to
soften proposed new restrictions on lobbying by former Federal officials,
committee aides said today. The move is an effort to enlist support for the
measure from Democrats, who had found Senator Thurmond's proposals too broad.

The Republican chairman had proposed a lifetime restriction against the
representation of foreign clients by top Federal officials. His bill also
contained a one-year restriction on all former Federal employees, including
former members of Congress, against lobbying the Federal Government, and a
two-year restriction against working for a foreign client.

Mr. Thurmond, who represents the textile state of South Carolina, had been
angered by reports that Walter C. Lenahan, who had helped draw up Federal
textile policy as a deputy assistant secretary of commerce, left the Government
to work for a firm that advised Hong Kong on textile negotiations. United States
trade negotiators complained that Hong Kong knew of the American position.

Other members of the Judiciary Committee cited the activities of Michael K.
Deaver, the former White House deputy chief of staff who left the Government to
become a lobbyist. Among his clients were foreign governments. An independent
counsel and a Congressional committee are investigating charges that Mr. Deaver
unlawfully used his White House contacts to further his clients' interests.

Effect on Morale Feared

''There is something very disquieting to me, and I suspect the great majority of
Americans, about high-level officials leaving the service of the Federal
Government and going to work assisting, advising, lobbying or in any way
representing a foreign interest,'' Mr. Thurmond said in introducing his bill.

But aides said the committee's Democrats felt that Mr. Thurmond's proposals
would demoralize the Civil Service, discourage experts from working for the
Government, and present major problems in enforcement.

The scaled-down version came after negotiations with two committee Democrats -
Howard M. Metzenbaum of Ohio and Paul Simon of Illinois. Senator Joseph R. Biden
Jr. of Delaware, the ranking Democrat on the committee, is said to still
consider the measure Draconian, although committee aides said he regarded the
new version as within reach of his own objectives.

Under the revised proposal, the lifetime restriction against giving
representation, advice or assistance to a foreign client, ''directly or
indirectly,'' would be reduced to 10 years. But it would affect more officials,
extending to top assistants in the Departments of State and Defense, the Central
Intelligence Agency, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the United States
Trade Representative's office.

Penalties Remain the Same

Former members of Congress would be prohibited from representing a foreign
entity for five years.

Mid-level Federal employees, in grades GS-11 through GS-14, would be restricted
from lobbying their former agencies or departments for one year, while higher
level employes would be banned from lobbying any branch of the Federal
Government for one year. The ban would include members of Congress.

The penalties would be unchanged: up to two years in jail and $250,000 in fines.

Unlike the original version,which would take effect immediately, the revised
version would take effect six months after enactment, and would not affect
employees leaving the Government before that date.

Some Administration officials have contended that enactment would lead to an
exodus of top-level Federal officials, and a commensurate loss of expertise
vital to the Government.

The Judiciary Committee has scheduled a final hearing on the bill for Wednesday
and hopes to hold draft the legislation late this week or early next week. A
similar bill is pending in the House of Representatives.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              415 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     April 21, 1988, Thursday, City Edition

Lobbying in the sunshine?

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EDITORIALS; Pg. 20A

LENGTH: 389 words



Since Tallahassee's professional lobbyists and Florida's lawmakers    enjoy a
mutually profitable, symbiotic relationship based on the    exchange of campaign
contributions and votes, it seems unlikely that    the 1988 Legislature will do
much constructive about lobbying abuses.

 Still, Sen. Jack Gordon, D-Miami Beach, deserves credit for bringing up    the
question.

     Gordon opposes the use of contingency payments that depend on the
success of lobbyists' efforts. He persuaded Rules Committee Chairman    Dempsey
Barron to investigate the practice, in particular its use by    the civic group
St. Petersburg Progress Inc. in hiring former House    Speaker Ralph Haben and
lobbyist Guy Spearman to help persuade the    Legislature to appropriate $
30-million for the outfitting of the    Florida Suncoast Dome if the Chicago
White Sox agree to move there.

     From the lobbyists' standpoint, Barron was a perfect choice for the
investigation. The Panama City Democrat is well known for his skills in
collecting large sums from lobbyists. They paid much of the $ 178,000 in
campaign contributions that Barron collected last year, even though he    had no
announced opponent.

     We share Gordon's concern about these contingency arrangements for
lobbyists. But dealing with the problem may not be as easy as it seems.

 Lobbying, after all, is an important part of the constitutionally    protected
right "to petition the government for a redress of    grievances." Can the
Legislature constitutionally get into the    regulation of how lobbyists are
paid?

     The Legislature can, however, bring lobbying more into the open by
requiring further disclosure of lobbying revenues and expenditures. The
state's timid present law asks lobbyists to twice a year disclose gross
expenses for entertaining, without listing which lawmakers benefit from    those
payments.

     Public confidence in the Legislature would be boosted significantly    by
legislation that brought paid, professional lobbying into the    sunshine of
full public disclosure.

     Can the public expect Sens. Gordon and Barron to lead an effort    toward
that goal?



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                            Times Publishing Company


                              416 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             July 30, 2013 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

UW RAKES IN GRANTS WITH LESS LOBBYING;
ON CAMPUS

BYLINE:  DAN SIMMONS , Wisconsin State Journal , dsimmons@madison.com ,
608-252-6136

SECTION: LOCAL; On Campus; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 415 words


When it comes to federal funding for research and development, the biggest
winners among universities also happen to be the biggest spenders on lobbying
and political contributions, according to a recent report by the National
Science Foundation. No big surprise.

What is surprising: the University of Wisconsin System's ranking in both
categories.It's a behemoth in getting money, ranking ninth nationally in 2011
with $594 million in federal money. But it's a relative pipsqueak in shelling
out the cash its peers do to win influence and feed the D.C.-to-Madison
pipeline. The legislative watchdog OpenSecrets summarized it this way: "In the
first quarter of 2013, the University of Wisconsin System spent $90,000 on
lobbying and in 2012 it spent $310,000; neither amount placed it in the top 25
among universities that lobbied. Furthermore, the Badgers weren't among the top
universities contributing to federal candidates and committees during the 2012
election ? making it an anomaly among the top 10 grant recipients." For more
info, visit opensecrets.org.

Coming to MATC: A familiar voice

Journalism students at Madison Area Technical College will learn radio and world
issues this fall from Terry Bell, state host since 1999 of "Morning Edition" on
Wisconsin Public Radio.

Bell will teach a new class, "World Issues Journalism," on Monday and Wednesday
nights at the college's Downtown campus. Students will learn to record and
produce news podcasts.

The news comes on the heels of the April announcement of a journalism
continuation agreement between MATC and UW-Whitewater.

Chancellor finalist awards

With Rebecca Blank starting as UW-Madison chancellor, it's time to announce
awards to her fellow finalists for the job, who made high-profile visits to
campus in the spring: In the "Try Try Again" category, Kim Wilcox is the clear
winner. He was announced last week as new chancellor at University of
California-Riverside. The hire came after Wilcox left his job as provost at
Michigan State University and was passed over for top jobs at University of
Hawaii-Manoa, University of Wyoming and UW-Madison.

In the "Quick Rebound" category, the prize goes to Nicholas Jones. He was hired
as executive vice president and provost at Penn State on Apr. 19, leaving his
job as engineering dean at Johns Hopkins a month after Blank was named
chancellor at UW-Madison.

In the "Happy Where I Am, Seriously" category, Michael Schill stands alone. He
remains law school dean at University of Chicago.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                          December 31, 2008 Wednesday

Limit influence

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 507 words


There are few issues of sufficient importance to demand a place on the 2009
legislative agenda alongside efforts to restore some equilibrium to a state
budget that's badly out of balance.

The state budget, which is headed for a $141 billion deficit by June 30 and $1
billion deficit by June 30, 2010, without some serious intervention, is far and
away the most pressing issue legislators have faced in recent years and will
occupy a majority of their time.

There also will be a resumption and, we hope, some resolution of efforts to
expand the capacity of Sunflower Electric Power Corp.'s coal-fired generating
facility near Holcomb in southwest Kansas.

Other than those two issues and closely-related matters, legislators likely will
have little time or patience for measures they decide can wait another year.

We'd suggest there is one issue, however, they should work into their schedule,
as busy as it promises to be.

Sen. Anthony Hensley's bill to prohibit members of the Legislature from lobbying
at the Statehouse until they have been out of office for at least two years
deserves serious consideration and action.

Many states, including Iowa, Missouri and Colorado, have laws requiring one- or
two-year grace periods before legislators can begin lobbying state government.
Kansas has no such law, although it does have a one-year prohibition on
involvement in state contracts financed while a legislator was in office and a
one-year restriction on appointment to an office created during a legislator's
final term before departure.

The lobbying prohibition would seem to be a natural complement to the existing
restrictions, and would assure Kansans the proper distance, and relationship, is
being maintained between their legislators and those seeking legislation.

Hensley, a Topeka Democrat, says the intent of his bill is to prevent the
appearance of impropriety and outright influence peddling by lawmakers passing
through the revolving door between government and business.

"Since there have been so many legislators who have done this there is a
tendency to say, 'Well, it's not that big of a problem.' I happen to think it
is," Hensley said.

We aren't suggesting that the Statehouse is populated by elected officials who
routinely cast their votes with one eye on a promising lobbying job once they
leave office. But when hiring former legislators, lobbying firms generally
select those who wielded significant political clout with their colleagues.

When a legislator moves from a Statehouse office directly to a lobbying job,
Kansans could be excused for wondering if the new lobbyist was bringing anything
to the job other than his connections with people who may owe him for past
favors.

Either way, such a scenario just looks, and smells, bad.

Carol Williams, executive director of the Kansas Governmental Ethics Commission,
says she isn't sure whether the immediate jump from lawmaker-to-lobbyist is a
real problem or a perception issue.

It's been our experience that when something can be perceived to be a problem,
it's time for change.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              418 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           December 30, 2006 Saturday

Aide planned scheme for years;
Ex-S.J. mayor's deputy alleged to have operated dummy business

BYLINE: and JOHN WOOLFOLK, MediaNews

SECTION: Z_STATE

LENGTH: 386 words


Even before leaving office six years ago, a former aide to outgoing Mayor Ron
Gonzales began a complex and illegal scheme to hide lobbying work that netted
him millions, according to court documents obtained Friday by the Mercury News.

As early as 1999, Tony Arreola, then the mayor's deputy chief of staff, set up
his wife as the head of a corporation called Silicon Valley Strategies,
prosecutors allege. Soon after leaving City Hall, they say, Arreola and
ex-Gonzales staff member Sharanjit "Sean" Kali-Rai went about lobbying, then
hiding the income by shunting it to the dummy business.

In one instance, the men allegedly received more than $326,000 in city funds
intended for an affordable housing project by misrepresenting why they were
paid. The criminal complaint says a top local developer and an Arreola relative
helped Arreola conceal his activities, but it was unclear from the allegations
whether those men knew they were doing anything wrong.

The 26-page complaint accuses Arreola and Kali-Rai of conspiracy, perjury and
grand theft for allegedly failing to report lobbying activity on behalf of
developers and property owners soon after leaving City Hall.

"These former public officials were lobbying to the tune of over $2 million and
flat out ignoring the law," said Assistant District Attorney Stephen Gibbons.
San Jose's "revolving door" ordinance prohibits staff members from lobbying the
city for a year after leaving City Hall.

The charges mark the second criminal complaint filed this year over City Hall
ethics. Gonzales has been indicted on unrelated charges of conspiracy, bribery
and misuse of public funds.

Arreola and Kali-Rai, who joined Gonzales' administration after his inauguration
in 1999 and left in 2000, have maintained their innocence. Their attorney, Craig
Brown, said the complaint is based on allegations the city attorney lodged in
2004 and that a city commission later dismissed.

"This has to do with lobbying regulations that were in place at a certain time
and that the city ethics commission and the city council and the city attorney's
office decided were so vague and ambiguous as to be meaningless and
unenforceable," Brown said. "Nobody knew what they meant. Nobody knew whether
they applied at all."

His clients face up to five years and four months in prison if convicted.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              419 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                           February 27, 2001 Tuesday

Monroe County Bar Association lobbying seminar slated

BYLINE: N.Y. Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 207  words


The Monroe County Bar Association is sponsoring a Lobbying Seminar from
11:45-1:30 on Wednesday, Feb. 28 at the Four Points Sheraton, 120 Main St. The
cost is $20 per person and includes lunch.

Speakers include Dr. Joseph A. Dunn, vice-chairman of the New York Temporary
State Commission on Lobbying, and Ralph P. Miccio, counsel for the Commission.

Dunn, is a graduate of the State University of New York at Buffalo, and
completed post-graduate studies at Harvard Medical School and the National
Institutes of Health, National Cancer Institute. He will speak on The History
and Role of the Lobbying Commission.

The New Local Lobby Law and How it Affects Your Organization is the topic that
Miccio will address. Miccio, who has maintained a private law practice for over
twenty years, is a graduate of Albany Law School. He has been a clinical
professor of law and ethics at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and served as an
elected county legislator from 1994-1998.

If you are not pre-registered, June Dixon at the MBCA will take last minute
registrations at 546-1817 for a few remaining seats.

<a href="http://www.nydailyrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/">Click here for more
from this resource. </a>

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 4, 2004 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Reformers' Feud

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 319 words


One of the dangers of life on the edge of the reform movement in Albany is that
people can sometimes get a little too far out there. That may have happened
recently to David Grandeau, executive director of the New York Temporary State
Commission on Lobbying. Mr. Grandeau has been one of the few people in Albany
who does more than talk about lobbying reform. He has done well on his important
task, enforcing the state's lobbying law by demanding that lobbyists register or
pay the requisite fines.

Recently, however, Mr. Grandeau has locked horns with Attorney General Eliot
Spitzer over how one lobbying case should be handled. The issue is in court, and
the fight has alienated Mr. Spitzer, who seems to be campaigning to oust Mr.
Grandeau. It is unfortunate to have two real reformers in such an unnecessary
squabble. Without a solid front, the courts may not side with either Mr.
Grandeau or the attorney general, but with the lobbying law's opponents, who
would like to see the rules thrown out entirely. Mr. Grandeau has confounded his
supporters by saying that might be a good thing because the crisis might force
the Legislature to pass a better law.

It would certainly be a crisis. Anyone who is familiar with Albany knows it's
dangerous to presume that the Legislature will rise to an occasion, or do
anything quickly. In the meantime, there would be no way for the public to have
any idea of what lobbyists were up to. The bottom line is that New York doesn't
need this distraction. The Legislature needs to expand the lobbying law to
include state contracts. Voters need more public information about how lobbyists
affect state government, not less. Mr. Grandeau and Mr. Spitzer need to work
together to keep the mission of this commission alive and to keep this law from
being spiked so handily by their natural adversaries.

Fixing Albany: Editorials in this series remain online at nytimes.com/albany.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: FIXING ALBANY

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial; Series

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              421 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 30, 1995, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

House passes lobbying reform // Clinton ready to sign bill for registration,
disclosure

BYLINE: Jessica Lee

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 597 words


President Clinton is ready to sign a major reform bill that will require
Washington lobbyists to disclose whom they represent, what issue they are
lobbying on and how much they're being paid.

The measure, already passed by the Senate, was approved by the House, 421-0, on
Wednesday.

Republicans and the White House herald the bill as a sign that Washington is
changing the way it does business.

In a statement, Clinton said the law will "fully disclose who lobbyists are
working for and what legislation they are trying to pass or kill."

The bill defines lobbyists as those who spend at least 20% of their time
lobbying the executive or legislative branch. It requires that they report their
activities and income twice yearly and disclose the involvement of foreign
entities. Violators will be fined.

A 1991 study by the Government Accounting Office found that almost 10,000 of the
lobbyists listed in the directory of Washington representatives are not
registered.

By some estimates there are 60,000 to 80,000 individuals and organizations that
lobby Congress and the executive branch.

Taken together with the recently passed gift ban, lobby disclosure would
preclude congressmen from accepting free dinners, theater tickets, trips and
other gifts from lobbyists.

The bill requires no disclosure of lobbying efforts, such as grass-roots
lobbying, letter writing and telephone campaigns - some of the fast-growing
lobbying practices. And some consider that to be a loophole in the legislation.

"We would have preferred they disclose" those efforts, said Common Cause
President Ann McBride, otherwise praising passage of lobby reform.

Currently, lobbying laws are so ill-enforced that there's effectively no
requirement for lobbyists to register or disclose their activities.

Those hit hardest by the changes are lobbying firms run by former White House
and congressional aides who take huge retainer fees for influencing
administrative and legislative actions.

Repeated attempts to overhaul the loose restrictions on lobbying rules, enacted
in 1946, have failed because of political maneuvering.

But in the wake of 1994 elections, when cleaning up Congress became a campaign
issue, momentum built up behind the issue, particularly among the GOP freshmen.

"It's a wonderful effort on the part of rank and file House members," said Rep.
Christopher Shays, R-Conn., who swore he'd retire after this year if lobby
reform was not passed.

But some GOP leaders such as House Speaker Newt Gingrich and House Majority
Leader Dick Armey were absent from a news conference to trumpet Congress' latest
victory. They are wary of lobby reform, because like campaign finance reform, it
could change the advantages that incumbents enjoy in getting re-elected.

GOP leaders supported several attempts to weaken the legislation with amendments
- which could have killed its chances for passage.

But despite the GOP concerns about the changes, lobbyists representing large
membership organizations like the National Federation for Indpendent Business or
National Restaurant Association say the new rules present no problems for them.

John Motley, who worked on health reform for the NFIB, said, "It won't hurt
organizations like the National Retail Federation or NFIB at all except for
possibly a larger paperwork requirement. Those are white-hat organizations who
report everything already."

The National Rifle Association's Virginia Graham said the new disclosure rules
"won't change things much" for her organization. "Our strength is our
grass-roots (membership)."

LOAD-DATE: December 01, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Dennis Cook, AP

WASHINGTON

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              422 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Facts on File World News Digest

                                 March 30, 2006

Politics;
Ex-Lobbyist Abramoff Sentenced in Florida

SECTION: Pg. 237A3

LENGTH: 210 words


Judge Paul Huck of U.S. District Court in Miami, Florida, March 29 sentenced
Jack Abramoff, a former top Republican lobbyist, to five years and 10 months in
prison for his role in the fraudulent acquisition of a Florida casino boat
company in 2000. A Senate vote on lobbying reform took place hours later;
Abramoff was at the center of a congressional lobbying scandal that had spurred
the reform movement. [See 2006 Politics: Senate Approves Lobbying Reform Bill;
2006 Politics: Senate Starts to Shape Lobbying Reforms; Other Developments]

Huck gave Abramoff the minimum prison term under federal sentencing guidelines
after prosecutors said the ex-lobbyist had cooperated in their investigation of
his ties with members of Congress. He faced an additional sentence of up to 11
years in prison in federal court in Washington, D.C., where he had pleaded
guilty in January to separate charges of conspiring to bribe lawmakers with
gifts and travel. He would serve his sentences concurrently.

Huck gave Adam Kidan, Abramoff's partner in the purchase of SunCruz Casinos, an
identical sentence, and ordered the pair to pay $21.7 million in restitution.
The two had pleaded guilty to using a forged $23 million wire transfer to seal a
loan for the acquisition.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Facts on File, Inc.


                              423 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 15, 2005 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

TEXAN IS INDICTED IN IRAQ OIL SALES BY HUSSEIN AIDES

BYLINE: By JULIA PRESTON and JUDITH MILLER; Choe Sang-Hun of The International
Herald Tribune contributed reporting from Seoul, South Korea, for this article.

SECTION: Section A; Column 6; Foreign Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1632 words


An American oil trader and a Korean lobbyist with a scandalous past were charged
yesterday in connection with illegal gains and kickbacks involving the United
Nations oil-for-food program during Saddam Hussein's regime in Iraq.

In an indictment, federal authorities in New York said David Bay Chalmers Jr., a
Houston oil businessman, and his company, Bayoil U.S.A., made millions of
dollars in illegal kickbacks to the Iraqi government while trading oil under the
$65 billion aid program.

Separate charges were brought against Tongsun Park, a millionaire South Korean
businessman, for acting as an unregistered lobbyist for Iraq in
behind-the-scenes negotiations in the United States to set up and shape the
United Nations program. The criminal complaint said Mr. Park received at least
$2 million in secret payments from Mr. Hussein's government for serving as a
liaison between Iraqi and United Nations officials.

Mr. Park was at the center of a lobbying scandal in the 1970's, when he was
accused of paying bribes to lawmakers in Washington to secure support for loans
to South Korea.

Bayoil U.S.A. Inc. is the first American company to be indicted in the widening
criminal investigations of the oil-for-food program, which was established by
the United Nations in 1995 to sell Iraqi oil and use the proceeds to buy food,
medicine and other goods for the Iraqi people.

The authorities not only charged that Bayoil made illegal payments to secure
Iraqi oil, but also that it conspired to artificially lower the price Iraq
received, depriving the Iraqi people of money for sorely needed items. The
charges also disclosed new information about an alleged plan to pay senior
United Nations officials to influence the course of the program.

Catherine M. Recker, a lawyer for Mr. Chalmers, said the Bayoil defendants and
the company would plead not guilty and ''vigorously dispute'' the criminal
charges.

According to federal authorities and the complaint against Mr. Park, he was a
partner in the lobbying effort with Samir Vincent, an Iraqi-American businessman
who pleaded guilty in January to illegal lobbying for Iraq.

Mr. Vincent, who is cooperating with federal investigators, said Iraqi officials
signed agreements in 1996 to pay him and Mr. Park $15 million for their lobbying
, the complaint says.

One of their tasks was ''to take care of'' a high-ranking United Nations
official, which Mr. Vincent understood to mean to pay bribes, the complaint
says. The authorities did not identify or bring charges against the United
Nations official.

Mr. Park and Mr. Vincent met at least three times in 1993 with Iraqi officials
and the United Nations official -- twice in Manhattan and once in Geneva. They
later received cash payments from Iraq for at least $2.2 million, delivered from
Baghdad in diplomatic pouches. Mr. Vincent also received grants to sell at least
nine million barrels of Iraqi oil, the complaint said.

David N. Kelley, the United States attorney for the Southern District of New
York, in Manhattan, said the complaint alleges that Mr. Park intended to bribe
the official, but does not show that the official received any bribe.

The complaint also charges that Mr. Park met with a second unnamed senior United
Nations official, once in a restaurant in Manhattan. After that, Mr. Park said
he invested $1 million he had been paid by Iraq in a Canadian company belonging
to the son of the second United Nations official, the complaint says.

Mr. Kelley declined to say whether the officials were still actively serving at
the world organization. He said, however, that the investigation was ''broad and
large'' and that his office would ''wring the towel dry'' in pursuing United
Nations officials.

From 1993 through 1995, as negotiations were under way to create the program,
Mr. Vincent also met or spoke frequently with a former United States official
who was trying to ''garner support'' for the oil-for-food program from
administration officials in Washington, according to the complaint.

It does not name the official.

Former President Jimmy Carter and Jack Kemp, a former housing secretary and
congressman, have both said they met with Mr. Vincent, but their meetings came
after the program was established. Both said they made no attempt to influence
the program.

Also named in the indictment against Bayoil were two associates of the company:
John Irving, a British oil broker based in London, and Ludmil Dionissiev, a
Bulgarian oil trader living in Houston.

Mr. Chalmers and Bayoil were accused of making deals to trade Iraqi oil between
2000 and 2003, knowing that Mr. Hussein's government had imposed an illegal
secret surcharge on all oil purchases after 2000.

Mr. Chalmers is charged with devising a plan with Iraqi officials to
artificially deflate the official price of Iraqi oil, which was determined by
United Nations monitors, so traders could pay the illegal surcharge to the
government and still reap profits on the sales.

The authorities did not charge any United Nations officials with participating
in the price-fixing scheme.

Bayoil is also accused of transferring millions of dollars in illegal
commissions through a foreign company, which was not named, to a company in the
United Arab Emirates, Al Wasel and Babel General Trading L.L.C. The authorities
charged that Al Wasel was a front set up to channel at least $2 million to pay
the hidden commissions to officials in Iraq.

''Motivated by greed, they flouted the law, made a mockery of the stated aims of
the oil-for-food program and willingly conspired with a foreign government with
whom our country was on the brink of war,'' said John Klochan, the acting
assistant director of the F.B.I. in New York. He said the defendants had turned
the United Nations program into a ''cash cow masquerading as a humanitarian
venture.''

Mr. Chalmers and Mr. Dionissiev were arrested yesterday morning at their homes
in Houston and will be arraigned Monday in Federal District Court in Manhattan,
Mr. Kelley said. An arrest warrant and extradition request have been filed for
Mr. Irving.

If convicted, Mr. Chalmers and the other two Bayoil defendants each face a
maximum of 62 years in prison and fines of up to $1 million, and the Bayoil
companies face fines of $2 million.

A warrant has been issued for Mr. Park, who is believed to be in South Korea. He
faces up to five years in prison and a fine of up to $250,000.

An official at the South Korean Foreign Ministry said the ministry had not
received any request from United States prosecutors for the extradition of Mr.
Park. He said he had not known that Mr. Park was in South Korea and learned of
the case from news reports.

The United Nations had no comment on the charges yesterday. But Secretary
General Kofi Annan, addressing a seminar about coverage of the United Nations in
the media, said more illicit profits had been made for Iraqi oil deals outside
the oil-for-food program than under it, and said the United States and Britain
were partly responsible for not cracking down on the corruption.

''The bulk of the money Saddam made came after smuggling outside the
oil-for-food program,'' Mr. Annan said. ''It was on the American and British
watch.''

A spokesman for Paul A. Volcker, who is leading an independent United Nations
inquiry into the troubled program, said his committee was ''well aware'' of the
activities in the charges. The committee will release information when it has
definitive findings, the spokesman, Michael Holtzman, said.

Michel Tellings, one of the three oil overseers who monitored Iraq's oil sales
for the United Nations, played down the significance of the government's charge
that Mr. Chalmers and Bayoil conspired to deflate the sales price that the
United Nations' overseers set for Iraqi oil.

''Most oil companies and brokers said the price could be lower,'' he said in a
telephone interview from London. ''All the oil companies wanted that, and Bayoil
was no exception. I don't think if you say to the oil overseers that oil should
be cheaper, that it is a crime.''

Mr. Tellings, who served as an overseer from September 2000 until the program's
end, acknowledged that ''some were a bit more aggressive'' than others in
pushing for lower prices. But he declined to say whether Mr. Chalmers or Bayoil
were among those who pushed most actively for lower prices.

''I don't want to discuss individual cases,'' he said, noting that he had not
yet read the complaint filed in New York.

Charles A. Duelfer, the special investigator for the Central Intelligence Agency
looking for illegal weapons in Iraq, said in his report last October that from
September 2000 through the end of the oil-for-food program, it was commonly
known among oil companies and dealers that a surcharge had to be kicked back to
the regime before they could take out any of the oil they were allocated. Many
refused.

In addition, Mr. Hussein's government demanded other kickbacks in exchange for
issuing vouchers for oil. Mr. Duelfer reported that Mr. Hussein got about $2
billion from the surcharges and kickbacks under the program.

Mr. Duelfer also reported that Benon Sevan, who ran the program, got secret
vouchers to market 7.3 million barrels of oil.

Senator Norm Coleman, Republican of Minnesota who heads a committee
investigating the program, called the indictment ''a significant step forward in
exposing the abuses and criminal misconduct'' in the program, which had levied
''a terrible cost to the Iraqi people, our allied forces, and the integrity of
the U.N.''

Representative Henry Hyde, the Illinois Republican and chairman of the House
Foreign Affairs Committee, which is also investigating the program, said the
indictment showed ''the degree to which the oil-for-food program was so
pervasively corrupted.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: April 16, 2005



CORRECTION: An article yesterday about federal criminal charges brought in
connection with the United Nations oil-for-food program misstated the
organization's response. A spokesman, Stephane Dujarric, said at a news briefing
that the charges represented progress because the organization has maintained
that wrongdoing in the oil-for-food program should be prosecuted. The United
Nations did not decline to comment.



GRAPHIC: Photos: Ludmil Dionissiev, left, a Bulgarian oil trader in Houston, was
named in an indictment against his company, Bayoil, announced yesterday by David
N. Kelley, the United States attorney for Manhattan. (Photo by Michael Stravato
for The New York Times)
 (Photo by Frances Roberts for The New York Times)(pg. A6)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              424 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              October 13, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

House Passes Bill Aimed at Lobbying in Congress

BYLINE: By IRVIN MOLOTSKY, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 19, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 659 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 12


The House of Representatives today approved a bill that would strengthen
existing laws against lobbying by former high-level employees of the executive
branch. The legislation, for the first time, would also place restrictions on
lobbying by former members of Congress and former Congressional aides.

The measure, passed by a vote of 374 to 19, with two members voting ''present,''
resulted in part from allegations of ethical violations committed by former
members of the Reagan Administration who went into lobbying. The House bill will
have to be reconciled with a Senate measure passed April 19 that would impose
more severe restrictions. The Reagan Administration has taken no position on
either bill.

Representative Barney Frank, Democrat of Massachusetts who was the sponsor of
the House bill, called the measure a ''one year cooling off period.'' He said in
the debate before the vote, ''There ought to be one year between the time a
person worked as a colleague and when he approaches the member as a lobbyist.''

Opponents have challenged the need for it, contending that lobbying has not been
shown to be worse than in the past. They have also said that laws against
lobbying violate First Amendment guarantees of free speech and the right to
petition the Government for redress of grievances.

A person convicted of violating the law under the House bill would be subject to
one to two years in prison and a fine of $100,000 to $250,000.

Under the broader Senate bill, former members of Congress would be barred from
lobbying for a year with members of either the House or the Senate. The House
bill would restrict lobbying only in the former member's chamber. The same would
apply to staff members. The Senate bill would bar for a year lobbying in either
chamber by former high-ranking employees, while the House bill would be limited
to the employee's former office.

The House bill would bar for life former executive branch employees from aiding
anyone on any matter in which the former employee was involved in
decision-making while in the Government. The restriction, as well as others that
expire in one or two years, would apply to lobbying in return for money, not for
unpaid activities.

The House bill would also impose these restrictions for one year:

* Former employees of the Executive Branch would not be allowed to represent
anyone else in any trade negotiations on which the former employee worked.

* Former Presidential appointees would be barred from lobbying any current
Presidential appointee.

* Former members of Congress would be forbidden from lobbying in the chamber,
either the House or the Senate, in which the persons served.

* Former senior Congressional staff members would be barred from lobbying in the
entity, such as a committee, in which they worked.

The existing law, passed in 1978, applies only to the executive branch and
prohibits executive branch officials from lobbying their former agency for a
year.

In the floor debate, Representative Howard Coble, Republican of North Carolina,
noted that two former officials of the Reagan Administration had been
''indicted, directly or indirectly, for post-employment lobbying.'' That was a
reference to Michael K. Deaver, who was convicted of perjury as a result of his
lobbying, and Lyn Nofziger, who was convicted of violating the present law. Mr.
Nofziger is appealing his conviction on the ground that the law restricting
lobbying violates the First Amendment.

Representative Don Edwards, a California Democrat who is the chairman of the
Judiciary Subcommittee on Civil and Constitutional Rights and one of the House's
leading advocates of civil liberties, supported that position. ''Lobbying
Congress is protected by the Constitution, and getting paid for it makes it no
different,'' Mr. Edwards said.

The chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Representative Peter W. Rodino Jr.,
Democrat of New Jersey, spoke in support of the bill.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              425 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               June 24, 1999, Thursday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Lobbyist fights inside track

BYLINE: DIANE RADO

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 782 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



Sam Gibbons says the firm that won the university system contract had an unfair
advantage.

When state university system officials needed help navigating around Washington,

 D.C. last August, they turned to lobbyist James Pirius, who works for the
University of South Florida in the nation's capital.

Pirius picked up vice chancellor Tom Healy and USF lobbyist Jeffrey Muir from
the airport. He drove them around town. He set up appointments for the two men,
who were looking into hiring a new Washington lobbyist for the state university
system. The three went to a Baltimore Orioles baseball game together, then
played golf the next day.

A few weeks later, Pirius told Muir he was interested in the new lobbying job.
The university system was about to hire him for the $ 250,000 lobbying contract
- until retired U.S. Rep. Sam Gibbons raised a stink.

Now, the story behind Pirius' selection is unfolding in a drab administrative
hearing room in the state capital, where Gibbons filed a bid protest after
Gibbons & Co., a firm owned by the former congressman and his son, lost out to
Pirius for the lobbying contract.

A statement distributed by the elder Gibbons earlier this week describes the
case as an illegal "bid rigging" intended to steer the lobbing contract to
Pirius.

Muir insisted Tuesday that was not the case.

"I don't believe he had an inside track," Muir testified at the all-day hearing.

But the notion that Pirius bid for the contract after socializing with Muir and
Healy in Washington D.C. "just doesn't pass the smell test of fairness,"
Gibbons' lawyer, Sidney L. Matthew, said to Muir. "Would you agree?"

"No sir, I don't," Muir said. At the time of the trip, he said, the university
system was still looking into changing its lobbying arrangement in Washington -
but no final decisions had been made.

Muir said that neither he nor USF President Betty Castor had liked the previous
arrangement - a consortium of firms that included Gibbons' company. All
universities were pitching in for lobbying costs, but they didn't have the input
or control over the lobbying efforts that they wanted, Muir said.

By 1995, Castor had decided to hire her own lobbyist in Washington - Pirius. He
had worked for her when she was Florida education commissioner in the late 1980s
and early 1990s.

After the Washington trip, the university system moved forward with getting a
new lobbyist in Washington, putting out a request for proposals in November
1998. Pirius' company, JCP Associates, bid for the contract, along with eight
other firms, including Gibbons'.

A major issue in the bid protest has been that Healy changed the prices proposed
for the contract because of confusion over whether the bid was for 12 or 17
months. The result: Pirius' bid of $ 347,982 was reduced to $ 246,000, but the
Gibbons bid remained the same, $ 249,689.

The focus of testimony Tuesday, however, was the quality of proposals rather
than the cost. Each university official who evaluated the proposals assigned
points for different categories.

Muir, for example, gave Gibbons' firm 37 out of a possible 72. Pirius' firm got
52 points from Muir, the highest of all the proposals.

Raymond Bye, the interim vice president for research at Florida State
University, gave Gibbons' firm only 2 out of 12 points for a category based on a
firm's communications with Congress, Florida's congressional delegation,
executive agencies and state university system officials.

Gibbons' attorney found that astounding, given Gibbons' 34 years representing
his Tampa congressional district. Gibbons is known as the "father of USF" for
sponsoring a bill to start the university in 1955, and he worked to create
student loans for college students and bring home millions for Florida's
universities.

But Bye stuck to his rating of the Gibbons' firm, saying Gibbons' proposal
didn't address how the firm would interact with federal agencies involved in
giving out research grants for often technical, scientific projects. "What you
need is someone who doesn't have a Ph.d., but does have to have a broad
understanding of the sciences," Bye said.

Bye also said that he was distressed in 1997 after asking Gibbons to work on
some projects for FSU in Panama and Vietnam. "I did not hear from Mr. Gibbons
for six months," Bye said.

He later learned that then-Chancellor Charles Reed had instructed Gibbons not to
work on the projects because they were not university system priorities. The
point is, he said, Gibbons never communicated that.

Gibbons said during a break in the hearing that he thought Reed was going to
tell FSU about the situation.

The hearing resumes today.


LOAD-DATE: June 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Former Rep. Sam Gibbons (ran CITY &
STATE, METRO & STATE); Sam Gibbons (ran TAMPA & STATE)

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              426 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                              June 21, 2004 Monday

Thwarting Future Velellas

BYLINE: WILLIAM F. HAMMOND JR.

SECTION: EDITORIAL & OPINION; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 965 words


Last month's felony conviction of Guy Velella, a state senator and longtime
Republican powerbroker of the Bronx, exposed the tip of an iceberg lurking
beneath the surface of New York state politics - an iceberg known around the
Capitol as "procurement lobbying."

The people who paid Velella and his father tens of thousands of dollars in
bribes weren't trying to influence his votes on the Senate floor. Instead, they
wanted his help in securing contracts, grants, loans, and other benefits from
state government. In essence, they hired the Velellas as lobbyists. And in
several cases documented by Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgenthau, their
investments paid off with multimillion-dollar contracts.

This sort of influence-peddling is far from unusual. With state government
spending more than $100 billion a year - and farming out huge chunks of that
money to private companies and non-profit organizations - lobbying for contracts
is a growth industry at Albany.

One of its more legendary practitioners is Senator D'Amato, who once reportedly
collected $500,000 for making a single phone call on behalf of a contractor for
the Metropolitan Transportation Authority.

Someone unfamiliar with the seamier side of state government might reasonably
ask what such lobbyists do to earn their pay. After all, the agencies that award
contracts are supposed to use competitive bidding and other impartial methods to
pick the most deserving and cost-effective recipients of government largess.

In practice, however, the political appointees who run these agencies frequently
manipulate, bend, or ignore the rules to do favors for those with the right
connections. So it was in the Velella case that a deputy commissioner of the
state Department of Transportation was caught on tape agreeing to re-bid a
bridge-painting contract - even though, as he admitted, it was "costing
taxpayers money" - because it would benefit a client of Velella's father.

Such advocacy doesn't necessarily violate any laws. In fact, if the younger
Velella hadn't secretly pocketed a share of the fees paid to his father, Mr.
Morgenthau might not have found anything to prosecute.

Legal or not, the wheeling and dealing that goes on with taxpayer funds is
nothing that state officials are particularly eager to share with the public -
and under current law, they don't have to. Lobbyists who influence the passage
of legislation have to register with the state and disclose their fees, but
lobbyists who influence the awarding of contracts can operate in total secrecy.

The uproar over the Velella case and other similar scandals has led government
watchdogs to call for expanding the lobbying law to cover all professional
efforts to sway official decision-making.

The legislative director of the New York Public Interest Research Group, Blair
Horner, argues that subjecting the procurement process to the scrutiny of the
Lobbying Commission could deter future scandals.

"On the highway you have speed traps and cops with radar guns," Mr. Horner said.
"That doesn't mean nobody violates the 55-mile-perhour speed limit, but
everybody's more careful. If the Velella law firm had to register with the
lobbying commission, and they knew people were paying attention, they might have
behaved differently."

Governor Pataki and the leaders of the Senate and Assembly all claim to support
procurement lobbying reform, but so far it hasn't happened. Given the recent
history of this issue, Mr. Horner lays most of the blame with Mr. Pataki.

When the lobbying law last came up for renewal in 1999, he recalls, Senate
Republicans and their majority leader, Joseph Bruno, approved an expansion that
gave the Lobbying Commission jurisdiction over procurement lobbying. Rather than
going along with that proposal, however, the Republican governor cut a deal with
his perennial nemesis, Assembly Speaker Silver, a Democrat, on a bill that
deleted the procurement lobbying provisions.

When the issue arose against last year, not long after Mr. D'Amato's $500,000
fee came to light, it was the Assembly Democrats who were pushing for reform.
Mr. Pataki responded with a broader bill that included procurement lobbying but
attached it to other changes - such as an independent ethics commission with
oversight of the Legislature but not the executive branch - that the Senate and
Assembly would not accept. Eventually, Mr. Pataki and Mr. Bruno cut a deal, to
pass a procurement lobbying bill with a provision to change the makeup of the
Lobbying Commission, which the Assembly rejected.

Mr. Pataki has also issued an executive order that requires certain state
agencies to record certain information about lobbyists in the official file on
each contract. But this limited disclosure is a far cry from what would be
required by the Lobbying Commission, which maintains a searchable database of
lobbyists, their clients, and their spending activity.

Mr. Horner called the executive order an effort to "sabotage" the legislative
debate. "It gives the governor a way to say he's trying to reform the system
when in reality he's not," he said. "It's an insult to fig leaves. It doesn't
even give him that much cover."

A spokesman for the governor, Kevin Quinn, said it is Assembly Democrats who are
at fault for blocking Mr. Pataki's reform proposals.

"Blair Horner's Nypirg is nothing more than a partisan attack group that has not
done its homework," Mr. Quinn said.

In truth, lawmakers on all sides have a compelling interest in keeping the
procurement process out of public view. After all, some of their best friends
(and former employees and former colleagues) are lobbyists who make a lot of
money winning contracts for their clients. And, if history is any guide, many of
the people currently in office will join the gravy train when they retire.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            August 30, 2007 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

He's the Sand-a Claus for many coastal towns;
Lobbyist secures federal money to repair beaches

BYLINE: Ken Dilanian

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 853 words


WASHINGTON -- Summer beachgoers may not know Howard Marlowe, but they surely
have enjoyed the fruits of his labor.

Marlowe runs a Washington lobbying firm whose niche is securing congressional
funding for so-called beach-nourishment projects: federal efforts to dredge sand
and dump it along the shore.

For local officials whose beaches have washed away, Marlowe is the man to see.

White House budget writers have been trying to get the federal government out of
the business of widening beaches for more than a decade, arguing that the
projects should be funded locally, but Marlowe and his allies in Congress keep
beating them. His thriving business illustrates how difficult it is to wean
Congress off pet projects, or "earmarks," for constituents, even in times of big
budget deficits.

Lobbying records show his firm collected $1.5 million in fees last year from 42
clients, most of them beach communities up and down both coasts. Avalon, N.J.,
retains Marlowe, as does Fort Myers, Fla., and San Clemente, Calif.

These days, the 64-year-old Brooklyn native is awaiting the fate of a $21
billion water resources bill that includes four earmarks worth $193 million for
his beach clients. The House has already passed the bill, which is now before
the Senate. Although it contains highly sought-after flood protection projects,
its price tag has led President Bush to threaten to veto it.

Growing staff

After launching his business in 1984, Marlowe won his first earmark in the early
1990s to rebuild the beach in Venice, Fla., which remains a client. He now
commands a staff of 13, having expanded beyond beaches to ports and bridges.

One reason for his success is that beach-widening projects are undertaken by the
Army Corps of Engineers. The corps is more a creature of Congress than nearly
any other federal agency because its budget is built solely on projects picked
by lawmakers. So, short of vetoing spending bills, presidents don't have much
say about beach renourishment.

Among members of Congress, beaches are popular. Thus, the corps may spend as
much as $80million on 48 beach-nourishment projects next year, according to
Marlowe's tally of appropriations bills, even though many flood-protection
projects, including the New Orleans levees, are not as strong as some experts
think they should be.

In May, Republican Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma tried to insert language in the
water bill requiring that substandard levees around Sacramento be improved
before any money was spent to widen the beach at Imperial Beach, a small town
south of San Diego that hosts an annual sand-castle contest.

His amendment lost, 77 to 12.

Marlowe, who got his start in Washington as an aide to an Indiana senator and
later a consultant to the AFL-CIO, says the case for beach spending is strong.

"One, beaches provide public safety and property protection. Two, they provide
recreation for millions of Americans. Three, they provide environmental benefits
in terms of habitat for turtles, birds and other little critters," he says.
"And, obviously, they produce a heck of a lot of tax money for Uncle Sam."

He was referring to studies suggesting that beach recreation generates millions
in economic activity and tax revenue. He also noted that state and local
governments are required to pick up 35% of the costs of most beach projects.

Beaches wash away

Government spending watchdogs argue beach replenishment benefits affluent owners
of beachfront property. They say the new sand eventually washes away, requiring
more federal help.

"If I and my neighbors thought we could get the Department of Transportation to
repave our driveways, we might do it, but that doesn't make it right," said Ron
Utt of the Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank. "Somewhere along the
line the government has to show restraint."

Marlowe, however, bypasses these objections with inside knowledge of how the
congressional appropriations process works.

Also, said Steven Stockton, the corps' deputy director of civil works, Marlowe
"serves as kind of a translator" of corps policy. "He can explain to his clients
the things that we can and can't do."

A past president of the American League of Lobbyists, Marlowe says he has never
engaged in the sorts of activities that have gotten some lobbyists in trouble --
the mega-fundraising, the lavish trips for lawmakers. He personally made $16,800
in political contributions in 2005 and 2006 -- not much by lobbyist standards.

Any influence he has, Marlowe says, comes from local politicians he represents
and his firm's record.

He used that influence recently on a project in Solana Beach, Calif., after he
learned that local corps officials were leaning against a beach-nourishment
project for that town because the dredging would threaten offshore reef
habitats.

Stockton confirmed that Marlowe  had his clients secure letters from Democratic
California Sen. Dianne Feinstein to corps officials urging that the project go
forward. When the corps study is released, Marlowe predicts, it will support the
Solana Beach project.

"The study was flawed and needed to be reworked," he said, "and now it is being
reworked."

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY
PHOTO, B/W, John Gibbins, The San Diego Union-Tribune

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 5, 1999, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Legislature to Consider Tightening Lobbying Law

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1114 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Aug. 4


Legislative leaders said for the first time today that they would support
tighter restrictions on lobbying state lawmakers, abruptly shifting course after
it was disclosed that lobbyists for Philip Morris, the world's largest cigarette
maker, had spent tens of thousands of dollars in recent years on gifts for
lawmakers.

The majorities in both the State Senate and the Assembly had been quietly
planning to push through a renewal of the current law governing lobbying, which
expires at the end of the year.

The law was first approved in the 1970's, when lobbying expenditures were far
smaller than they are now, and some advocacy groups contend that it is so feeble
that lobbying is hardly regulated.

Instead, the leaders put off a renewal this week, the last of the regular
legislative session, and are to consider the law's future in the fall, when the
Legislature is to return to tackle unfinished business. What shape reform might
take was not clear.

The move on lobbying came as Gov. George E. Pataki and the leaders negotiated
until the late evening on several issues on which they have been at an impasse
for months, including a measure that would impose new penalties for blocking
abortion clinics and for stalking, and another that would greatly expand the
state's database of DNA specimens from criminals by requiring many convicted
felons, not just sex offenders, to provide samples. The sides also bargained
over whether to permit New York to enter into the multistate Powerball lottery.

The Governor and Republican lawmakers continued to reject Democrats' entreaties
to renew a law that allows thousands of tenants to live in otherwise illegal
loft apartments, mostly in lower Manhattan. The Republicans do not in principle
oppose the law, which expired on June 30, but are holding it up in an effort to
wrest concessions from the Democrats on other matters.

The possibility that the state would join Powerball surfaced suddenly in the
negotiations tonight, and it seemed that the Governor and Legislature could
approve the new game with little or no public debate. Mr. Pataki was pressing
especially hard for the measure, but the Democratic majority in the Assembly,
which has traditionally been lukewarm to gambling, was balking.

The game is played in nearly half of the states and has often offered enormous
jackpots that have proven wildly popular. In New York, it would help bolster the
state's lottery revenues, which have been flat in recent years, though it was
not possible to determine tonight how much the state would reap if it joined.

The talks on those issues appeared to be just as contentious as those on the
state's $73 billion budget, which was approved late Tuesday night and early this
morning by the Legislature, more than four months after it was due. Lawmakers
are hoping to end the session by Thursday night.

On the lobbying law, the Senate majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno, and the
Assembly Speaker, Sheldon Silver, declined to say exactly what new proposals
they favored. But they did indicate that they were no longer wedded to the
current law.

Until today, aides to both men had said they were not hostile to new proposals,
but would not work on any and definitely believed the current law would be
renewed this week.

"Should there be some reforms?" Mr. Bruno, an upstate Republican, asked at a
news conference. "Yes, we should continue to look at how firms and lobbyists
spend money and what influence that may bring to bear." Gov. George E. Pataki,
who first announced that he backed changes last week, reiterated his stance
today. "We should have a tougher law," he said.

Whether such comments will actually translate into new restrictions in the fall
is unclear, for the Legislature has rebuffed calls for an overhaul for years and
could simply return and pass a renewal. But it appeared that some lawmakers were
concerned about the publicity surrounding the Philip Morris gifts.

The New York Times reported last week that Philip Morris had spent tens of
thousands of dollars on gifts for lawmakers in recent years as part of its
largely successful effort to derail antismoking legislation in Albany. At least
115 current and former members in the 211-member Legislature accepted the gifts,
which ranged from expensive meals to choice tickets at sporting and cultural
events.

The gifts were described in internal company documents that Philip Morris was
required to submit into court records in smoking-related lawsuits brought by
state attorneys general and other plaintiffs. It appears that in numerous
instances, the company should have reported the gifts on its lobbying disclosure
statements, but did not.

The gifts also raised questions about whether some lawmakers had violated ethics
rules, which bar them from accepting gifts worth more than $75 if the gifts are
intended as a reward or to influence decisions.

In the wake of the disclosures, the Temporary State Commission on Lobbying
opened an investigation into Philip Morris' activities. But under the current
law, even if the commission issues a complaint against the company, it can avoid
punishment by amending its reporting to show the gifts.

The decision not to renew the law this week cheered two lawmakers who have
championed new restrictions, Assemblyman Alexander B. Grannis, a Manhattan
Democrat, and State Senator Nancy Larraine Hoffmann, a Syracuse Republican.

"It makes me feel optimistic that some important steps can be taken," Ms.
Hoffmann said.

Ms. Hoffmann and Mr. Grannis are sponsoring a sweeping bill that had been
considered dead, which would expand the definition of lobbying, require much
more disclosure about lobbyists' work on behalf of clients and markedly increase
penalties. It would also limit the political activities of lobbyists, and bar
them from giving gifts to public officials.

Ms. Hoffmann said that even given the leaders' new willingness to examine
lobbying, it would be impossible to get the Legislature to approve all the
provisions in the bill. She said she considered the bill a starting point, and
in fact noted that she saw nothing wrong with lobbyists' buying meals for
lawmakers , a practice that is generally prohibited in the House of
Representatives and in some other states "It's been a longstanding custom," she
said.

Unlike Mr. Grannis, she played down the Philip Morris gifts, as did Mr. Bruno
and Mr. Silver.

"I do not believe that any of my colleague are influenced in any way" by such
gifts, Mr. Silver said.

Mr. Bruno said, "I can't point to one single thing that happened or didn't
happened because Philip Morris and some of the others advocated for or against."



http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              429 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 15, 1989

Ranieri Hits Lobbying by West Coast Institutions on Raising QTL Level

SECTION: Pg. 25

LENGTH: 731 words

DATELINE: CINCINNATI


A lobbying effort by large West Coast institutions has "maneuvered the Congress"
into what could be a damaging increase in the level of mortgage assets necessary
for qualification as a thrift institution, the annual meeting of the Federal
Home Loan Bank here was told last week.

Lewis S. Ranieri, chairman and chief executive of United Savings Association of
Texas, Houston, noted that a number of California-based thrifts have sought
higher capital requirements and a "qualified thrift lender test" of 80% of
assets as part of the legislation to restructure thrift regulation and finance
solution of FSLIC problems.

Mr. Ranieri, who also serves as chief executive of Ranieri, Wilson & Co., New
York, urged the Congress "not to put a stranglehold on the industry" by
increasing the QTL threshhold from its present 60%.

Describing himself as "no fan of junk bonds" or other non-traditional thrift
investments, the former vice chairman of Salomon Brothers Inc. noted that in
markets with weak residential loan demand, thrifts would have to turn to the
secondary mortgage market for assets if the QTL level is raised.

Pointing out that there is strong mortgage activity on the West Coast, Mr.
Ranieri said the lobbying by thrifts from California would result - if
successful - "in forcing us to buy their mortgages at whatever price they want
to sell them."

Although he alluded to the high volume of activity in California, Mr. Ranieri
did not point out that secondary market demand for 11th FHLB district
cost-of-funds indexed mortgages has been particularly weak this year.

Many big California thrifts are sitting on a sizable volume of originations that
were intended initially for sale.  In some cases, the portfolio growth has
reduced net worth ratios noticeably.

Mr. Ranieri continued his recent criticism of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corp. handling of insolvent thrifts.

Terming current activity in deposit markets "zany", he said that "reason existed
when the FSLIC ran these institutions."

Mr. Ranieri also warned that "the numbers don't hold together" in the
legislation being processed by Congress.

He noted that a financial institution with 2% net worth would show a "big loss"
if it were liquidated after assets are marked to market.

He estimated that the plan "is short $ 100 billion or so" if the capital
proposals are adhered to.

The proposal "bankrupts more institutions than it needs to," the new Texas
thrift operator said.

Mr. Ranieri was incensed particularly over provisions that offer "no end or cap
on premiums and assessments or a date certain for parity" with commercial banks
in deposit insurance costs.

The industry "won't get any capital as long as there is an open-ended garnishee
on its earnings."

Federal Home Loan Bank Board chairman M. Danny Wall, speaking an hour later, had
a far different view.

He said that "capital is lined up" to come into the industry.

Potential investors are waiting only for Congress to complete work on the
Administration plan, Mr. Wall said.  "They just want the rule book."

Messrs. Wall and Ranieri both spoke about the anger that Congress has been
displaying toward the industry and its regulators.

The "frustation and anger reflects the attitude of constituents," the FHLBB
chief said.

Calling the anger a "visceral reaction," Mr. Ranieri said it reflects "an
irrational desire to get even" that has resulted in a process unlike any he'd
seen in years of working with legislators.

Mr. Wall defended the FHLBB's estimates of the size of the problem which kept
rising throughout 1988.

He noted that they came in a "nearly free-falling real-estate economy."

In Texas and elsewhere in the depressed energy economy, appraisers would refuse
to sign their own work only days after completing field surveys because of how
quickly property values were changing, he pointed out.

FHLBB member Lawrence J. White said it "is essential that Congress make clear
that this round" of costs imposed on the thrift industry" will be it."

The "capital markets must know" what the costs will be "or they will continue to
stay away" from thrift securities.

Above all else, capital "will avoid uncertainty," he said.

Mr. White, who is returning this August to New York University as a professor of
finance, agreed with Mr. Ranieri on the QTL issue and said "to insist on a
higher QTL is to fight the last war."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture 1, Lewis Ranieri criticized the lobbying effort by large West
Coast Institutions for a QTL increase to 80% of assets; Picture 2, FHLBB
chairman M. Danny Wall said investors are waiting with capital.

                   Copyright 1989 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              430 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2016 Saturday

Rhode Island: Lobbying reform act passes House

LENGTH: 519  words

DATELINE: New York



 Providence: Department of General Assembly, The state of Rhode has issued the
following news release:



 Legislation (2016-H 7388 Sub A) sponsored by Rep. Robert B. Jacquard that
reforms the state's general laws on lobbying was passed by the House of
Representatives tonight with a vote of 67-0.





 Developed with Secretary of State Nellie M. Gorbea, the intent of the
legislation is to simplify and clarify the rules governing lobbying, to maximize
transparency without imposing unnecessary burdens on the process, to promote a
more user-friendly registration and reporting system, and to strengthen the
investigation and enforcement scheme of the state's lobbying rules and
regulations.  The legislation now heads to the Senate for consideration.



  "Our state's system of lobbying must be reformed to ensure the integrity of
our governmental processes.  Transparency and accountability to the taxpayers of
Rhode Island is crucial to reforming the public's trust in government and I am
pleased to say that is exactly what will be accomplished with this legislation,"
said Representative Jacquard (D-Dist. 17, Cranston).  "The public deserves to
know who is trying to influence the decisions of policy makers and this
legislation makes that possible in an easy and transparent way for the
taxpayers."



 "Today, the Rhode Island House of Representatives voted to approve the Rhode
Island Lobbying Reform Act.  This legislation will provide for a comprehensive
reform of our state's lobbying laws. I thank House Speaker Nicholas Mattiello,
the bill's sponsors, Representatives Jacquard, Williams, Ruggiero, and McEntee,
and the entire House of Representatives for their overwhelming support of this
legislation that will clarify, streamline and strengthen the lobbying laws in
our state," said Secretary of State Gorbea.



 Provisions of the legislation include: clarifying the definitions of lobbyist
and lobbying; providing a solid framework for investigations and hearings;
authorizing administrative subpoena power in the course of conducting
investigations; bringing the Department of State in line with standard practices
currently used by other state agencies such as Department of Business
Regulations and Department of Environmental Management;  strengthening and
simplifying lobbying reporting guidelines for those involved while making it
easier for the general public to access these reports and understand the
information being reported; and increasing maximum penalties for non-compliance
to more than double the current amounts.



 Cosponsors of the legislation include Rep. Anastasia P. Williams (D-Dist. 9,
Providence), Rep. Deborah Ruggiero (D-Dist. 74, Jamestown, Middletown), and Rep.
Carol Hagan McEntee (D-Dist. 33, South Kingstown, Narragansett).



 Sen. Erin Lynch Prata (D-Dist. 31, Warwick, Cranston) sponsored companion
legislation (2016-S 2361 Sub A) in the Senate that recently passed out of the
Senate Judiciary Committee and now awaits a floor vote before the full Senate.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 12, 2001 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Charities Fight Rule on Local Lobbying

BYLINE:  By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1040 words


In a typical battle over a proposed superstore in Anytown, N.Y., the main
combatants are usually obvious, but the behind-the-scenes jockeying, blandishing
and arm-twisting are not. Perhaps a neighborhood group has hired a former mayor
to help defeat the zoning measure. Maybe the developer is seeking good will with
council members by treating them to fancy dinners or weekend fishing trips.

More than a year ago, the New York Legislature sought to lift the curtain a bit
on these and other types of lobbying at the local level by requiring, for the
first time, that it be publicly disclosed, just as it is in Albany and
Washington. Now, though, this change, which seemed likely to have an enduring
impact on local political culture in the state, is being put off. Its future is
uncertain.

The delay is rooted partly in opposition from an unexpected quarter: charities
operated by the Roman Catholic Church and other nonprofit groups, which maintain
that the rules are burdensome, confusing and apt to discourage people from
taking part in local civic life.

"You are not going to get people jumping to get involved," said Doug Sauer,
executive director of the Council of Community Services of New York State, an
association of 800 charitable groups. "It's just a barrier to doing that."

The rules were to go into effect at the beginning of this year for lobbying of
officials of any locality with at least 50,000 people, meaning most of the
state's counties, as well as 13 cities and 20 towns. But there was so much
uncertainty about the scope of the rules -- including what exactly constitutes
local lobbying -- that the state lobbying commission initially announced that it
would not enforce them until next year.

Under the law, Gov. George E. Pataki and legislative leaders were supposed to
set up an advisory council to make recommendations on regulating the system, but
did not.

This week, trying essentially to start over, the Legislature plans to take up a
measure that would formally push back the start of enforcement until April 2002,
while also authorizing the advisory council to begin work again. In the
meantime, the nonprofit groups have asked the governor and the Legislature to
exempt them from the rules or, at the very least, to amend the rules.

But Assemblyman Alexander B. Pete Grannis, a Manhattan Democrat who is a leading
proponent of stricter lobbying rules, said he doubted that the Legislature would
be sympathetic to an exemption.

"We are not going to do that," Mr. Grannis said. "Why would we exempt coverage
for some of these groups? They exert influence on local government, just as
their parent groups do on the state level. I think that ought to be publicly
disclosed."

He added that he was open to amending the rules if the nonprofit groups could
show they were unfair or onerous.

The Legislature approved the local lobbying rules in December 1999 as part of a
package of lobbying reforms. Lawmakers were under fire over lobbying abuses by
Philip Morris, the world's largest tobacco company, after it was disclosed that
the company's chief Albany lobbyist had spent lavishly on meals for them.

While the local lobbying rules received less attention than other aspects of the
package, they were potentially more far-reaching. The state was taking the lead
in adopting them -- few localities around the country have such disclosure.
Anyone could review the information on the state lobbying commission's Web site
(www.nylobby.state.ny.us).

And it was thought that the increased disclosure would help address a spate of
local political malfeasance in New York. In the past few years, Republican
leaders in Suffolk and Dutchess Counties and the Democratic leader in Rockland
County have all been convicted of corruption-related charges.

Under the rules, anyone spending more than $2,000 a year on an attempt to
influence the passage of a local law, ordinance or regulation would be required
to file with the lobbying commission. "The lobbyist provides information,
opinions and insight on an issue to local government decision makers in an
effort to promote his/her client's interests," the lobbying commission says.

Religious groups are exempted from the law on the state and local levels, but
charities affiliated with them, like branches of Catholic Charities, are not.

Clients or lobbyists who break the disclosure law can be subject to thousands of
dollars in civil fines or, in very rare instances, criminal penalties. The
package of changes approved in 1999 beefed up the lobbying commission's
enforcement powers, and it has been less reticent about using them since then.

The nonprofit groups say that while they understand why they should be required
to file when they lobby in Albany, local lobbying is different. Nonprofit groups
routinely interact with local government officials on mundane matters, they say.

"They potentially might have to deal every day with issues that could be
construed as lobbying," said the legislative counsel for the New York State
Catholic Conference, Richard E. Barnes. "There is a great concern that there is
a lack of understanding of the law itself."

The nonprofit groups also questioned whether the $2,000 limit, which has been in
place for years for lobbying in Albany, was too low, and they were concerned
whether volunteers who lobbied would have to put a price on their time and then
file if it exceeded the threshold.

Legislative leaders said they would consider raising the threshold, but also
pointed out that the advisory council would address some of the groups'
concerns. That is why the law is being postponed, they said. "Nobody was really
ready and prepared for this," said John McArdle, a spokesman for the Republican
majority in the State Senate.

Legislators face one other problem. New York City and Suffolk County already
have their own disclosure rules, which means lobbyists there would have to file
to both Albany and their local governments.

This is particularly complicated in the city, which uses a broader definition of
lobbying than the state but requires disclosure less often, does no enforcement
and does not put lobbying reports on the Internet. City lobbyists have asked the
state and city to make the systems jibe, but nothing has been done so far.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              432 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 9, 1994, Saturday, Final Edition

Disney Dollars Flooded Richmond in Theme Park Effort;
Company Spent $ 440,000 Lobbying for Subsidy

Peter Baker, Spencer S. Hsu, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 748 words


The Walt Disney Co. spent more than $ 444,000 on lobbying to win a $ 163 million
subsidy for its proposed Prince William County theme park from the Virginia
Legislature.

According to disclosure forms released yesterday, Disney paid out as much money
for lobbying in Richmond in the last year as the next five biggest spenders
combined. The company spent four times as much as the main opponent of its park,
the Piedmont Environmental Council, whose spending totaled about $ 106,000.

While far eclipsing the insurance companies, doctors groups and teachers unions
that normally dominate the annual lobbying list, Disney's effort fell short of
last year's unsuccessful campaign by the National Rifle Association. The NRA
spent $ 522,000 in failing to stop legislation limiting handgun purchases to one
a month.

Disney's tab represented $ 1 out of every $ 10 spent on lobbying by hundreds of
companies, unions and advocacy groups in the last year, underscoring the
entertainment company's record of political activity wherever it does business.

Julie Lapham, director of Common Cause of Virginia, said the Disney campaign
demonstrates the growing influence of money in the state legislature.

"For any organization to spend a half-million dollars, it is really clear that
legislators hear a lot easier when money's on the plate," she said. "The wheels
are greased and the mechanism for greasing it is called money."

Republican Gov. George Allen, who in his inauguration speech in January derided
the Capitol as a "citadel of special interests," said Disney's spending did not
trouble him.

"I see nothing wrong with allowing citizens to lobby their government," said
Allen, perhaps the most enthusiastic backer of Disney's America. "The key thing,
though, is it's disclosed and people can draw their own conclusions."

Del. David G. Brickley (D-Woodbridge), another avid park supporter, nonetheless
was taken aback by the total. "That's a lot of money," he said. "It sounds high
to me, only because it's such a good project and, from my perspective, they
didn't need to spend that much on lobbying."

Included in its total spending of $ 444,348, Disney paid $ 220,334 to the law
firm of McGuire, Woods, Battle and Boothe for eight lobbyists' salaries,
photocopying and office expenses. Disney also spent $ 121,541 during the session
on salaries of its own executives involved in lobbying.

About $ 32,482 was spent on entertainment, primarily a pair of receptions during
the legislative session to which 650 people were invited. In addition, the
company reported spending $ 230.82 for nine Mickey Mouse ties it gave to
unidentified legislators.

The disclosure forms do not include help Disney got from advocacy organizations
such as the Virginia Hospitality and Travel Association, which spent $ 65,766,
in part to lobby for the Disney aid.

What is unquantifiable is exactly how much influence Disney's lobbying had on
the legislature's overwhelming votes in favor of its project.

"We wanted to make sure we had enough people in Richmond to communicate a very
complex project to 140 General Assembly members in 60 days," said Marie Garvey,
Disney's America's communication manager.

Garvey said she did not expect Disney to continue to be a major player in
Richmond, as it has been in the Florida and California legislatures. "This is an
exception because we're new to Virginia and we had a project to talk about," she
said.

Chris Miller, spokesman for the Piedmont Environmental Council, called Disney's
expenditures "ridiculous" but defended his group's spending as "very
reasonable."

"We're exercising every political right we have, and that includes lobbying," he
said.

Miller argued that to obtain a $ 163 million incentive package from the state
normally would take two or three years. With Disney's spending, "it was done in
one or two months," he said.

Miller said most of the council's expenses went to pay for staff time, travel
and lodging, and a lobbying firm, the Concord Group.

Following Disney and Piedmont on the list of the biggest spenders were the
Virginia Education Association teachers union ($ 101,702), the
Virginia-Maryland-Delaware Association of Electric Cooperatives ($ 90,525),
Paramount's Kings Dominion ($ 77,185) and the Hollywood Casino Corp. ($ 73,822).

Ten casino industry groups spent a total of $ 317,300 promoting a riverboat
gambling bill that was defeated.

Baker reported from Richmond, Hsu from Prince William County.


LOAD-DATE: July 8, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: CHART, TOP LOBBYISTS IN RICHMOND, TWP

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              433 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                           February 8, 2007 Thursday

House panel trio move into senior lobbying posts

BYLINE: By Jessica Holzer

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 589 words


Three veterans of the House Financial Services Committee's Republican staff have
secured top lobbying posts for the financial industry.

Glenn Westrick, the former senior counsel to Rep. Michael Oxley (R-Ohio), who
was then the committee chairman, has joined the Washington, D.C., office of St.
Paul Travelers as the assistant vice president for government relations.

Brendan Reilly, a lobbyist for the Independent Insurance Agents and Brokers of
America (IIABA) and a former senior staffer to the committee, will become the
first registered lobbyist for the Commercial Mortgage Securities Association
(CMSA), a New York-based trade group.

Another Financial Services staffer, Clifford Roberti, will ramp up lobbying for
the Calmetto Management Group, a South Carolina-based professional services and
government-relations firm. He will become manager of government relations in the
Washington office.

All three men overlapped on the Financial Services Committee.

In his new role, Reilly, 29, will start federal-government lobbying for an
industry that has ballooned from a few billion dollars to nearly $1 trillion in
the span of a few years. CMSA has more than 400 members that include large
banks, investment firms, rating agencies and insurance companies. Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac, among the largest purchasers of mortgage-backed securities, also
belong to the association.

"I'm extremely excited about this new opportunity in an industry that has shown
tremendous growth," Reilly said. "I look forward to helping them achieve their
public-policy goals in this new endeavor."

In addition to his role at Calmetto, Roberti, 27, will also become the director
of government relations for the Self-Insurance Institute of America (SIIA),
Calmetto's biggest client. He is looking to hire another lobbyist with a strong
background in the health-insurance industry.

"There's definitely a lot of work to do and a lot of progress to be made,"
Roberti said. "I'm very excited about the opportunity."

Westrick, 36, declined to comment.

First and foremost, Reilly will push for an extension of the Terrorism Risk
Insurance Act (TRIA) of 2002, which expires at the end of the year. Maintaining
this government backstop to commercial real estate insurance underwriters is
crucial to the mortgage securitization industry, he said.

Roberti explained that Calmetto and SIAA decided to beef up their Washington
presence to further the goal of making insurance more widely available and
affordable. His top priorities this year include pushing for Association Health
Plans and an expansion of Health Savings Accounts (HSAs) as well as the Risk
Retention Act. Passed in 1986, the legislation allowed individuals with similar
risk profiles to form insurance companies, such as when doctors come together to
pool medical malpractice liability risk.

During his one year on the Financial Services Committee, Roberti worked on the
extension of TRIA and the passage of the Non-Admitted and Reinsurance Reform
Act. He worked for four years on Wall Street, at UBS Investment Bank, before
heading to Capitol Hill.

After serving on the Financial Services Committee as liaison to former Chairman
Oxley and vice chairman to former Rep. Sue Kelly (R-N.Y.), Reilly spent two
years at IIABA, also known as the "Big I." Before joining the Financial Service
Committee staff, he worked for former Rep. Bob Riley (R), who is now governor of
Alabama, and was a senior staffer to Rep. Mike Ferguson (R-N.J.).

Roberti will start at Calmetto on Monday. Reilly will begin at CMSA on March 5.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2007 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 3, 1986, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

DEAVER WAS IN WHITE HOUSE WHEN HIS FIRM WAS SET UP

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 34, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 280 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 2


Documents filed with the State of Delaware show that Michael K. Deaver's public
relations concern was incorporated before Mr. Deaver left his position as White
House deputy chief of staff.

The General Accounting Office, an investigative arm of Congress, and the House
Energy and Commerce Committee are studying whether Mr. Deaver violated a
one-year prohibition against lobbying his former agency or a two-year
prohibition against lobbying on issues that he worked on while at the White
House. They are also investigating whether he lined up clients while still
working in the White House.

Earlier this week, Mr. Deaver asked for appointment of an independent counsel to
investigate whether his lobbying activities violated Federal
conflict-of-interest laws. He has denied any wrongdoing.

Mr. Deaver left his positions as assistant to the President and deputy chief of
staff at the White House on May 15, 1985. He had announced his plans the
previous March.

On April 9, 1985, William D. Rogers, a Washington lawyer, filed documents of
incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State for the incorporation of
Makar Associates. On May 15, 1985, a document was filed to change the name of
the company to Michael K. Deaver & Associates. The document was signed by Mr.
Deaver, who is listed as ''sole director/president'' of Makar Associates.

Senator Howard M. Metzenbaum, an Ohio Democrat and Deaver critic, said the
timing of the incorporation was ''a highly unusual procedure for somebody in
Government.''

''I'm not going to say it's illegal, but I think it's very questionable,'' Mr.
Metzenbaum told NBC News.

Efforts to reach Mr. Deaver by telephone were unavailing.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              435 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            June 15, 2005 Wednesday
                              RACING FINAL EDITION

PATAKI 'TOO LITTLE, TOO LATE' ON LOBBYING: SPITZER

BYLINE: BY JOE MAHONEY DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 289 words


ALBANY - State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer, revving up for the gubernatorial
race, tweaked Gov. Pataki yesterday for doing "too little too late" to curb
lobbying for state contracts.

"The governor hasn't done enough either to lead the charge on these issues or,
frankly, to propose them years back," Spitzer, a Democrat, said in a broadside
at the three-term Republican incumbent.

Spitzer, like Pataki, wants an all-out ban on so-called procurement lobbying -
the unregulated business of influencing the decisions of state bureaucrats in
awarding contracts.

The Daily News reported Sunday that several former top aides to Pataki and
Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver (D-Manhattan) who now work as lobbyists have
earned huge paydays by using their connections to hook up their clients with
state contracts.

"As The News articles made eminently clear, there is at least the appearance
that lobbying is influencing the procurement decisions that are supposedly made
on objective criteria," Spitzer said.

Aides to the governor accused Spitzer, who already has declared a run for the
statehouse, of engaging in "petty politics."

"Even a casual observer like Eliot Spitzer would have to recognize Gov. Pataki's
leadership in reforming the programs that are important to all New Yorkers,"
said Pataki spokesman Kevin Quinn.

Pataki has not yet announced whether he will seek a fourth term.

Meanwhile, Spitzer revealed he smoked pot "once or twice" while he was a college
student. He also said he has not yet formed an opinion on whether laws should be
changed to allow marijuana to be prescribed.

Pataki, who opposes medical marijuana, has admitted he used pot after mixing it
in a can of baked beans while at Columbia Law School. jmahoney@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                              436 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 11, 2012 Tuesday

BRIEF: Finizio taps executive assistant for State House lobbying job

BYLINE: The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 223 words


Dec. 11--NEW LONDON -- Zak Leavy, executive assistant to the mayor, will also be
appointed as the official lobbyist for the City of New London. Mayor Daryl
Justin Finizio announced today.

Leavy will take on the new responsibilities while continuing his present job and
without any additional salary, the mayor said in a press release. Finizio
campaigned on a platform of hiring a lobbyist to represent New London in
Hartford but the position was not funded in the 2012-13 adopted budget.

"By appointing a City staffer, at no additional cost to taxpayers, to serve as
our lobbyist adds an additional layer of support to the City's efforts to secure
assistance from the State in numerous areas." the mayor stated.

The press release noted that Leavy worked as a lobbying intern in Hartford,
according to the release, having assisted in lobbying efforts for the state
vocational technical schools.

"We are fortunate to be represented in Hartford by an excellent legislative
delegation." Finizio said "In addition to our legislators' strong advocacy, I
will also personally be going to Hartford throughout the legislative session to
advocate for the City's interests during this difficult financial time for the
State."

___ (c)2012 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121211-NL-BRF-Finizio-taps-executive-assistant-for-State-House-
lobbying-job-1211-20121211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2012 The Day


                              437 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                               May 7, 2006 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Last week in Congress / How our representatives voted

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 578 words


WASHINGTON -- Here are the votes of Western New York's four members of the House
of Representatives and the state's two U.S. senators on major legislation in
Congress last week. A "Y" means the member voted for the measure; an "N" means
the member voted against the measure; an "A" means the member did not vote.

>HOUSE

Refinery Permit Process Schedule Act -- The House on Wednesday failed to pass a
bill sponsored by Rep. Charles Bass, R-N.H., to establish a coordinator to
oversee all levels of governmental permitting for new refinery siting.

The bill failed on a vote of 237 to 188, with two-thirds required to pass.

Rep. Brian Higgins, D-Buffalo, N; Rep. John R. "Randy" Kuhl Jr., R-Bath, Y; Rep.
Thomas M. Reynolds, R-Clarence, Y; Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-Fairport, N.

***

Civil vs. Criminal Penalties for Lobbying Violations -- The House on Wednesday
rejected an amendment sponsored by Rep. Louie Gohmert, R-Texas, to the Lobbying
Accountability and Transparency Act to remove criminal penalties for lobbyists
who do not file properly and set fines instead.

The vote was 108 yeas to 320 nays.

Higgins, N; Kuhl, N; Reynolds, Y; Slaughter, N.

***

Return Lobbying Bill to Committee -- The House on Wednesday rejected a motion
sponsored by Rep. Louise M. Slaughter, D-N.Y., to send the Lobbying
Accountability and Transparency Act back to committee and replace it with a
Democratic alternative.

The vote was 213 yeas to 216 nays.

Higgins, Y; Kuhl, N; Reynolds, N; Slaughter, Y.

***

Lobbying Accountability and Transparency Act -- The House on Wednesday, passed a
bill sponsored by Rep. David Dreier, R-Calif., to require more frequent reports
from lobbyists and limit sponsored member travel.

The vote was 217 yeas to 213 nays.

Higgins, N; Kuhl, Y; Reynolds, Y; Slaughter, N.

***

Security and Accountability for Every Port Act -- The House on Thursday passed a
bill sponsored by Rep. Dan Lungren, R-Calif., to provide $7.4 billion for port
security.

The vote was 421 yeas to 2 nays.

Higgins, Y; Kuhl, Y; Reynolds, Y; Slaughter, A.

***

>SENATE

Requiring Competitive Bids -- The Senate on Wednesday unanimously accepted an
amendment sponsored by Sen. Barack Obama, D-Ill., to make all federal contracts
for Hurricane Katrina relief in excess on $500,000 subject to competitive
bidding.

The vote was 98 yeas to 0 nays.

Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton, D, Y; Sen. Charles E. Schumer, D, Y.

***

Protection for First Responders During Pandemic -- The Senate on Wednesday
accepted an amendment sponsored by Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, D-Mass., to the
Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror
and Hurricane Recovery to provide $289 million for compensation to first
responders who become ill as a result of taking experimental vaccines to combat
the potential effects of an influenza pandemic.

The vote was 53 yeas to 46 nays.

Clinton, Y; Schumer, Y.

***

Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror
and Hurricane Recovery -- The Senate on Thursday passed a bill to appropriate
$109 billion for the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and for victims of the Gulf
Coast hurricanes last year.

The bill includes $65.7 billion earmarked for Operation Iraqi Freedom and
Operation Enduring Freedom; $28.9 billion for hurricane relief; $3.9 billion for
agricultural disaster aid; and $2.6 billion for pandemic influenza preparation.

The vote was 77 yeas to 21 nays.

Clinton, Y; Schumer, Y.

Information for this column is supplied by Targeted News Service.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News


                              438 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                          September 23, 2009 Wednesday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Cozen O'Connor forms lobbying group

BYLINE: By Chris Mondics; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. C02

LENGTH: 348 words


The Cozen O'Connor law firm of Center City yesterday announced the formation of
a lobbying and government relations subsidiary that will focus on guiding
clients over regulatory and legislative hurdles in Washington as well as at
state and local levels.

Mark Alderman, the former chairman of Wolf, Block, Schorr and Solis-Cohen L.L.P.
before its dissolution earlier this year, will head the Washington-based office.
David F. Girard-diCarlo, the former chairman of the Blank Rome law firm, also
will be part of the leadership team, the firm said. Girard-diCarlo was a key
player in the establishment of a government relations subsidiary in Washington
for Blank Rome L.L.P. before he was named U.S. ambassador to Austria by
President George W. Bush, taking office in July 2008. Girard-diCarlo left the
ambassadorial post in December.

He was a key fund-raiser for Bush and other Republicans and joined Cozen
O'Connor as a partner earlier this year.

Cozen O'Connor said that, in addition to Washington, the firm's lobbying arm
will focus on government agencies in New York, Pennsylvania, Delaware, and New
Jersey.

Along with legislative and regulatory work, the government relations staff also
will assist clients in obtaining contracts from government agencies, the firm
said.

The firm's strategy seems to be to build on the senior-level contacts of its
lobbying staff. Alderman was an early supporter of President Obama and a key
fund-raiser for him during the Democratic primaries. The governmental relations
subsidiary also includes a former member of the New York City council, Kenneth
K. Fisher, and Stuart Shorenstein, a former member of the transition team of
President Bill Clinton in 1992.

Also on the staff is lawyer Jeffrey Nash, who is vice chairman of the Delaware
River Port Authority and a Camden County freeholder. The law firm said that Nash
will do no lobbying, and his role would be confined to advising clients.

He will not advise clients on matters involving Camden County and the DRPA, the
firm said.

Contact staff writer Chris Mondics at 215-854 5957 or cmondics@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Evening Sun (Hanover, PA)

                              May 18, 2003 Sunday

Pa. ranks last in lobbyist disclosure study

SECTION: FRONT PAGE NEWS

LENGTH: 626 words

DATELINE: HARRISBURG


Lobbying state lawmakers and government officials costbusinesses, unions and
issue-advocacy groups at least $715 million last year, with nearly half the
money spent in California, New York and Massachusetts, a new report found.

But the complete lack of lobbyist regulation in Pennsylvania has earnedthe state
a grade of "zero" and a bottom-of-the barrel ranking in the study by the Center
for Public Integrity.

The study examined disclosure reports by lobbyists or the companiesthat hired
them in 39 states where such information is available. It ranked the states on
that information, including how much is required from lobbyists and what states
made public.

Pennsylvania's lobbying disclosure rules were struck down by the courtslast
year, and a new system has not yet been passed into law.

As a result, lobbyists don't have to report what they spend to influenceHouse
members, state officials or the governor and his staff. And because the state
Senate doesn't have a consistent reporting system for the data it collects, the
numbers that are available don't fully illustrate lobbyists' influence in that
chamber.

"This study shows that Pennsylvania state government is an embarrassmentwhen it
comes to lobbyist disclosure," said Barry Kauffman, executive director of the
government watchdog group Common Cause of Pennsylvania. "Many of the critical
public policy issues, like medical malpractice, gambling, property taxes and
school reform, will move through the Legislature, molded by big bucks lobbying
forces, without any effective public oversight."

Records that accounted for all lobbyist spending from 2000 to 2002show that 750
of them spent an average of $4 million per month to influence state government
and state lawmakers.

In the first three months of this year, a total of 1,550 businesses,groups or
organizations hired 552 lobbyists and spent at least $6 million on lobbying
efforts targeting the state Senate and state government, according to paper
records kept by Senate officials.

But while some firms reported all of their lobbying spending, othersreported
only one-third of their total expenditures and identified that number an
estimate.

The lobbyist law was killed in October, when the state Supreme Courtdeclined to
rehear a case that it had overturned in a divided 3-3 ruling. The court said the
Legislature did not have to force lobbyists who are also lawyers to disclose
their activities.

The Senate decided to impose its own rules, which took effect in January,and the
high court is working on its own set of rules that would govern
lawyer-lobbyists.

Although Gov. Ed Rendell supports the idea of lobbying disclosure,he is not
inclined to push the Legislature to pass a new law this year because of other
priorities, spokeswoman Kate Philips said.

The study found that $715.9 million was spent by 34,000 principals-- businesses,
trade associations, labor unions and issue-advocacy groups. They hired 42,000
individuals to lobby legislators and other state elected officials, which breaks
down to nearly six lobbyists and $126,000 devoted to each legislator in those 39
states.

Much of that money -- $342.9 million -- was spent in California [$197.2million],
New York [$92 million] and Massachusetts [$53.7 million].

The report found that Washington state had the strongest reportingsystem,
because it requires lobbyists to itemize all expenses in detail, file reports
every month, and makes all the information easily accessible.

It concluded that Wyoming was the worst, because reports are filedonly once a
year, and lobbyists aren't required to total spending by category or indicate
what was spent on the household members of public officials.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2003 The Evening Sun


                              440 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Evening Sun (Hanover, PA)

                             May 17, 2003 Saturday

Pa. ranks last in lobbyist disclosure study

SECTION: FRONT PAGE NEWS

LENGTH: 626 words

DATELINE: HARRISBURG


Lobbying state lawmakers and government officials costbusinesses, unions and
issue-advocacy groups at least $715 million last year, with nearly half the
money spent in California, New York and Massachusetts, a new report found.

But the complete lack of lobbyist regulation in Pennsylvania has earnedthe state
a grade of "zero" and a bottom-of-the barrel ranking in the study by the Center
for Public Integrity.

The study examined disclosure reports by lobbyists or the companiesthat hired
them in 39 states where such information is available. It ranked the states on
that information, including how much is required from lobbyists and what states
made public.

Pennsylvania's lobbying disclosure rules were struck down by the courtslast
year, and a new system has not yet been passed into law.

As a result, lobbyists don't have to report what they spend to influenceHouse
members, state officials or the governor and his staff. And because the state
Senate doesn't have a consistent reporting system for the data it collects, the
numbers that are available don't fully illustrate lobbyists' influence in that
chamber.

"This study shows that Pennsylvania state government is an embarrassmentwhen it
comes to lobbyist disclosure," said Barry Kauffman, executive director of the
government watchdog group Common Cause of Pennsylvania. "Many of the critical
public policy issues, like medical malpractice, gambling, property taxes and
school reform, will move through the Legislature, molded by big bucks lobbying
forces, without any effective public oversight."

Records that accounted for all lobbyist spending from 2000 to 2002show that 750
of them spent an average of $4 million per month to influence state government
and state lawmakers.

In the first three months of this year, a total of 1,550 businesses,groups or
organizations hired 552 lobbyists and spent at least $6 million on lobbying
efforts targeting the state Senate and state government, according to paper
records kept by Senate officials.

But while some firms reported all of their lobbying spending, othersreported
only one-third of their total expenditures and identified that number an
estimate.

The lobbyist law was killed in October, when the state Supreme Courtdeclined to
rehear a case that it had overturned in a divided 3-3 ruling. The court said the
Legislature did not have to force lobbyists who are also lawyers to disclose
their activities.

The Senate decided to impose its own rules, which took effect in January,and the
high court is working on its own set of rules that would govern
lawyer-lobbyists.

Although Gov. Ed Rendell supports the idea of lobbying disclosure,he is not
inclined to push the Legislature to pass a new law this year because of other
priorities, spokeswoman Kate Philips said.

The study found that $715.9 million was spent by 34,000 principals-- businesses,
trade associations, labor unions and issue-advocacy groups. They hired 42,000
individuals to lobby legislators and other state elected officials, which breaks
down to nearly six lobbyists and $126,000 devoted to each legislator in those 39
states.

Much of that money -- $342.9 million -- was spent in California [$197.2million],
New York [$92 million] and Massachusetts [$53.7 million].

The report found that Washington state had the strongest reportingsystem,
because it requires lobbyists to itemize all expenses in detail, file reports
every month, and makes all the information easily accessible.

It concluded that Wyoming was the worst, because reports are filedonly once a
year, and lobbyists aren't required to total spending by category or indicate
what was spent on the household members of public officials.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2003 The Evening Sun


                              441 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Evening Sun (Hanover, PA)

                              May 16, 2003 Friday

Pa. ranks last in lobbyist disclosure study

SECTION: FRONT PAGE NEWS

LENGTH: 626 words

DATELINE: HARRISBURG


Lobbying state lawmakers and government officials costbusinesses, unions and
issue-advocacy groups at least $715 million last year, with nearly half the
money spent in California, New York and Massachusetts, a new report found.

But the complete lack of lobbyist regulation in Pennsylvania has earnedthe state
a grade of "zero" and a bottom-of-the barrel ranking in the study by the Center
for Public Integrity.

The study examined disclosure reports by lobbyists or the companiesthat hired
them in 39 states where such information is available. It ranked the states on
that information, including how much is required from lobbyists and what states
made public.

Pennsylvania's lobbying disclosure rules were struck down by the courtslast
year, and a new system has not yet been passed into law.

As a result, lobbyists don't have to report what they spend to influenceHouse
members, state officials or the governor and his staff. And because the state
Senate doesn't have a consistent reporting system for the data it collects, the
numbers that are available don't fully illustrate lobbyists' influence in that
chamber.

"This study shows that Pennsylvania state government is an embarrassmentwhen it
comes to lobbyist disclosure," said Barry Kauffman, executive director of the
government watchdog group Common Cause of Pennsylvania. "Many of the critical
public policy issues, like medical malpractice, gambling, property taxes and
school reform, will move through the Legislature, molded by big bucks lobbying
forces, without any effective public oversight."

Records that accounted for all lobbyist spending from 2000 to 2002show that 750
of them spent an average of $4 million per month to influence state government
and state lawmakers.

In the first three months of this year, a total of 1,550 businesses,groups or
organizations hired 552 lobbyists and spent at least $6 million on lobbying
efforts targeting the state Senate and state government, according to paper
records kept by Senate officials.

But while some firms reported all of their lobbying spending, othersreported
only one-third of their total expenditures and identified that number an
estimate.

The lobbyist law was killed in October, when the state Supreme Courtdeclined to
rehear a case that it had overturned in a divided 3-3 ruling. The court said the
Legislature did not have to force lobbyists who are also lawyers to disclose
their activities.

The Senate decided to impose its own rules, which took effect in January,and the
high court is working on its own set of rules that would govern
lawyer-lobbyists.

Although Gov. Ed Rendell supports the idea of lobbying disclosure,he is not
inclined to push the Legislature to pass a new law this year because of other
priorities, spokeswoman Kate Philips said.

The study found that $715.9 million was spent by 34,000 principals-- businesses,
trade associations, labor unions and issue-advocacy groups. They hired 42,000
individuals to lobby legislators and other state elected officials, which breaks
down to nearly six lobbyists and $126,000 devoted to each legislator in those 39
states.

Much of that money -- $342.9 million -- was spent in California [$197.2million],
New York [$92 million] and Massachusetts [$53.7 million].

The report found that Washington state had the strongest reportingsystem,
because it requires lobbyists to itemize all expenses in detail, file reports
every month, and makes all the information easily accessible.

It concluded that Wyoming was the worst, because reports are filedonly once a
year, and lobbyists aren't required to total spending by category or indicate
what was spent on the household members of public officials.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2003 The Evening Sun


                              442 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                             April 24, 2009 Friday
                                  1ST Edition

money briefs

SECTION: biz/markets; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 461 words


Easley, 2 aides join lobby firm

Raleigh | Former North Carolina Gov. Mike Easley and two top aides are joining
the Raleigh office of a Virginia-based lobbying, consulting and law firm.

McGuireWoods LLP said Thursday that Easley, Franklin Freeman and Ruffin Poole
are joining its lobbying and consulting practice and will become partners in the
law firm.

Easley will represent corporate clients as a senior member of the firm's
lobbying and public affairs subsidiary. Freeman and Poole will lobby state
government.

Freeman is a former state Supreme Court justice who served as chief of staff to
Easley and former Gov. Jim Hunt. Poole was the top legal adviser to Easley and
current Gov. Beverly Perdue.

McGuireWoods chairman Richard Cullen said all three have started their jobs. The
firm is based in Richmond, Va.

Nucor Corp. sees first loss ever

Nucor Corp., the largest U.S. steel maker by production, on Thursday reported
its first loss ever as a severe recession sapped demand for the metal. It
forecast an even bigger loss for the second quarter, calling conditions the
worst it's ever seen.

Like other steel companies, Nucor has been hit particularly hard by a shrinking
economy, which has undermined demand for the metal in major markets such as
construction and autos. Steel prices, which soared to record highs last summer,
collapsed after demand virtually vanished late last year.

Nucor's loss, which was expected, totaled $189.6 million, or 60 cents per share,
for the first quarter ended April 4. That reversed a profit of $409.8 million,
or $1.41 per share, a year earlier.

Revenue fell 47 percent to $2.65 billion. Shipments dropped 43 percent and
average prices slipped 7 percent.

"These are the most challenging steel market conditions we have ever seen," Dan
DiMicco, chief executive of the Charlotte, N.C.-based company, said in a
conference call.  "Conditions have continued to worsen with each successive
month so far in 2009."

Microsoft posts sales decline

SEATTLE | In the company's first full quarter since the bottom of the economy
fell out, Microsoft posted both a revenue and profit decline.

The 6 percent decline in sales, to $13.6 billion, marked the first
year-over-year drop in sales since the company went public in 1986. Net income
declined 32 percent from the same period a year ago to $3 billion.

Operating income in the quarter - the third in the fiscal year - went up 3
percent to $4.4 billion.

Earnings per share were 33 cents, compared with analyst estimates of 39 cents,
according to First Call. But the reported figure included 6 cents for severance
charges related to job cuts and investment impairment. In January, the company
cut 1,400 jobs, part of an overall plan to eliminate up to 5,000 positions over
18 months.

- From wire service reports

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 18, 1998, Thursday, Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

Guns for Hire

Bill McAllister

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A23; THE FEDERAL PAGE; SPECIAL INTERESTS: LOBBYING
WASHINGTON

LENGTH: 872 words


If you're opening a new weapons range and would like to get some big-time gun
advocates aboard, then turn to the Boland & Madigan Inc. lobby shop for help.
That's what the new, 5,200-acre Blackwater Lodge & Training Center, located just
over the North Carolina line south of Norfolk, did.

According to Blackwater manager Ken Viera, Boland & Madigan helped deliver two
staunch defenders of the Second Amendment, California GOP Reps. John T.
Doolittle and Dana Rohrabacher, for the facility's grand opening in May.

Blackwater, which offers courses in executive protection as well as firearms
training in weapons of various calibers, also has an interest in "government
waste," says Viera, half-jokingly. The former Navy Seal says it would be a lot
cheaper for governments to send police and military to his facility than to
train them elsewhere.

This week's special at Blackwater: a Father's Day gift "that he will never
forget." It includes six hours of pistol shooting and costs only $ 125, but
please notify the pro shop in advance "so we can provide the appropriate
ammunition for your specific weapon."

Superfund Loses, 30 to 1

It may be a sign of the waning of the environmental movement. The U.S. Public
Interest Research Group, one of the consumer groups that Ralph Nader helped
create, is reporting that companies lobbying to weaken the nation's hazardous
waste law, the so-called Superfund law, outnumber environmental groups by 30 to
1.

It's "a well-financed army of lobbying storming Capitol Hill," grouses U.S. PIRG
lawyer Daniel Rosenberg. His group calculates that 99 companies have joined
coalitions or trade groups seeking to undermine the law.

They have hired 150 lobbying firms or assigned in-house lobbyists to work on the
issue. By comparison, PIRG says only five environmental groups are working to
strengthen the law: PIRG itself, the Environmental Defense Fund, Natural
Resources Defense Council, Sierra Club and Friends of the Earth.

Among those PIRG casts as its adversaries are Swidler & Berlin, which works for
General Electric Co. and Exxon Corp.; Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld, which
represents insurance companies; and O'Connor & Hannon, which represents Mobil
Corp. and Atlantic Richfield Co.

The Revolving Door

Former Clinton White House counsel Jack Quinn, a partner at Arnold & Porter,
will be advising both Daimler-Benz AG of Stuttgart and Chrysler Corp. on their
proposed merger.

Melanie L. Beller, director of congressional and legislative affairs at the
Interior Department, has joined the Hawthorn Group as a senior vice president.
Also joining as a senior vice president, Anne Stanley from Fleishman-Hillard
Inc., and as a vice president, Ed Cooper, previously director of grass-roots
advocacy for the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association.

Former representative Pat Williams (D-Mont.) has been hired by Sallie Mae, the
student loan organization, to lobby on student loan rate and higher education
issues. Williams, who lost a race for the Senate in 1996, listed himself on his
lobbying registration as an "independent contractor" based at the University of
Montana. Marianna O'Brien, a spokeswoman for Sallie Mae, says Williams has been
"educating members" about student loan issues and has been offering "strategic
advice" to an affiliated Sallie Mae think tank.

Former representative L.F. Payne (D-Va.), an unsuccessful candidate for
lieutenant governor in Virginia last year, has joined McGuire Woods Consulting,
the lobbying and public relations subsidiary of McGuire, Woods, Battle & Boothe.

Melissa Schulman, former policy adviser and floor assistant to Rep. Steny H.
Hoyer (D-Md.), has joined the lobby shop of Bergner-Bockorny.

Registering Her Opinion

Does it pay to be both a television commentator and a lobbyist? Republican
pollster Kellyanne Fitzpatrick says no one has hired her for a lobbying job
because of her frequent appearances as a political commentator on CNBC, the
cable channel.

President of the Polling Company, Fitzpatrick says she routinely files lobbying
registration forms for her clients. Her reasoning: A member of Congress may ask
her to explain one of her polls. If she doesn't have hard numbers to back up her
answer, Fitzpatrick figures some people would say she was giving advice or
lobbying when she answers. So as a "preemptive step," Fitzpatrick registers.

Her latest client is the Export Controls Coalition, a group of computer
companies concerned about export restrictions.

Triple X Marks the Association

From Rodney L. Kay of Pompano Beach, Fla., here's proof that there is an
association for everyone. Kay has registered as president of the National
Association of Adult Businesses. Asked about the size of its membership, Kay
says only, "quite a few."

He promises an aggressive agenda. "We're going to expose those hacks, whether
they be in Washington or Broward County," who attempt to close topless bars,
adult video and bookstores and adult novelty shops, Kay said.

And who better to lead the fight than Kay, who has spent half his life running
such businesses? "I've seen this industry from the inside," he boasts.

McAllister's e-mail address is mcallistebwashpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 19, 1998

CORRECTION:

Former representative Pat Williams (D-Mont.) retired undefeated in 1996. The
Special Interests column on yesterday's Federal Page incorrectly reported that
he ran unsuccessfully for the Senate.

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              444 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            September 7, 2008 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

INSURERS SPENDING MILLIONS ON LOBBYING;
BLUES HAVE SPENT $2.4 MILLION SINCE THEY ANNOUNCED DEAL

BYLINE: Bill Toland, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 892 words


Highmark Inc. has spent more than $1.4 million on state lobbying expenses since
announcing in March 2007 that it planned to merge with Independence Blue Cross
of Philadelphia.

Highmark, Pittsburgh's largest health insurer, has been spending more than a
quarter-million dollars every three months, according to its filings with
Pennsylvania's Department of State -- $291,500 from April to June 2007, $256,500
from July to September 2007, $307,900 from October to December, and $304,500
from January to March. In the most recent quarterly filing, which covers
spending from April to June, it spent $259,904.

Independence Blue Cross, meanwhile, spent more than $963,000 lobbying lawmakers
between April 2007 and the last filing. Combined, Highmark and IBC have spent
nearly $2.4 million lobbying the state since the merger was announced, according
to state records.

The lobbying numbers are fractional compared with Highmark's overall revenue of
$12.4 billion in the previous fiscal year. Still, the lobbying money is more
than the company spends in direct political campaign contributions, and is a big
expenditure in the context of other in-state lobbying efforts.

In the latest quarter, Highmark reported spending less than the statewide
doctors' trade group known as the Pennsylvania Medical Society ($321,900) and
the Hospital & Healthsystem Association of Pennsylvania ($513,541), natural
opponents to Highmark and other insurers on many issues.

But Highmark, a nonprofit, spent more than U.S. Steel, US Airways, UPMC, the
University of Pittsburgh, the Pennsylvania State Education Association, the
ACLU, Consol Energy, Duquesne Light, PNC Financial Services, Comcast Corp., and
most other companies, unions, trade organizations or interest groups.

That's because there is so much at stake for Highmark -- and not just the
merger. Insurers were against the state law, approved this summer, that mandates
a certain level of insurance coverage for children with autism. Apart from the
merger and the autism law, Highmark also lobbied on issues ranging from the
statewide smoking ban to a proposed colorectal cancer screening mandate to the
reauthorization of the Pennsylvania Health Care Cost Containment Council to
universal health care.

"There is increasing concern about rising medical costs, quality of care and
access to medical care," said Highmark spokesman Michael Weinstein, and many of
those issues manifest themselves on both the state and federal levels. "A
significant part of our advocacy efforts are focused on helping legislators
understand these and many other complex issues that are helping to shape
health-care policy today."

Most of Highmark's lobbying spending goes toward "direct communications" --
meaning the expense that goes into visiting, calling or writing letters to
lawmakers and state officials, including the personnel costs attached to those
communications. "Indirect communications" are campaigns directed at the public
or customers, encouraging them to contact their lawmakers or otherwise take
action. On a recent quarterly lobbying report, for example, Highmark said it
spent $284,568 on direct communication, $19,607 on indirect campaigns, and
$3,733 on "gifts, hospitality, transportation and lodging" for state officials.

Highmark also reported spending $60,000 on congressional lobbying expenses in
the second quarter of 2008, plus another $98,000 in spending via its parent
group, the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, according to the Center for
Responsive Politics, which tracks lobbying spending and campaign donations. That
totals $157,894 in 2008 congressional spending.

In 2007, Highmark reported spending $268,304, all of which was through the
parent organization, which essentially hires its affiliates as clients to lobby
on a variety of local and national issues. In the same year, Highmark and Blue
Cross Blue Shield reported paying Pittsburgh-based Buchanan Ingersoll & Rooney
$42,000 to lobby on the Blues' behalf, for a total of $310,000.

The same database says Independence Blue Cross was the beneficiary of $120,000
for congressional lobbying spending in 2007, and $60,000 this year. In total,
Blue Cross Blue Shield and its subsidiaries spend $10 million a year or more
lobbying Congress on a variety of issues.

Overall, health insurers spent $138 million lobbying Washington last year,
helping the larger insurance industry -- auto and home insurers included --
become the second biggest lobbying collective, behind pharmaceutical firms.

Expect that spending to continue to rise as 2009 will bring a new face to the
White House and with it a wave of change to the industry. "There's a lot of
momentum for health-care reform in this country," said Robert Zirkelbach,
spokesman for America's Health Insurance Plans, a lobbying group that has spent
two years preparing for what could be a tumult in 2009.

The educational efforts are necessary because "the only way we are going to
achieve real heath-care reform in this country is if it has the strong support
of the American people," as well as their representatives.

Highmark and IBC are still waiting for the state Department of Insurance to
approve the merger, which would create one of the largest health insurers,
nonprofit or otherwise, in the country, with revenues in excess of $22 billion.
Highmark and IBC publicly pitched the merger in March 2007.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Bill Toland can be reached at btoland@post-gazette.com or 412-263-2625.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              445 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                           January 24, 2015 Saturday

Headline

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 219 words


Apple spends $4.1 million in political lobbying

Apple Inc., (AAPL) which has been increasing its presence in Washington, boosted
its spending on lobbying in the U.S. capital to $4.1 million last year, a new
milestone for the company that has traditionally shied away from politics.

The Cupertino, California-based iPhone maker spent $1.19 million during the
final three months of 2014, Apple said in a filing with the U.S. Senate that was
dated Jan. 20. That adds to the $2.9 million that the company shelled out in the
first three quarters of last year, according to Opensecrets.org, a website that
tracks spending.

Apple spent $3.4 million on lobbying in 2013, which was already twice as much as
what the company spent five years ago.

Ford expects $6B 2014 pretax profit

DETROIT * Ford says it will take an $800 million charge in the fourth quarter
because of exchange rate problems between the Venezuelan bolivar and the U.S.
dollar.

The company says the charge will cut fourth-quarter net income by $700 million,
after deferred tax benefits. But the automaker still expects a full-year pretax
profit of $6 billion when it reports 2014 earnings next week.

In September, Ford cut its full-year pretax profit forecast to $6 billion.
That's down from $8.6 billion in 2013. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 The Daily Gleaner
(Fredericton)

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Daily Gleaner
                              All Rights Reserved


                              446 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 28, 2011 Monday

Somerset contingent joins Route 219 lobbying effort

BYLINE: Bernie Hornick, The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 414 words


March 28--SOMERSET -- Members of the North/South Appalachian Highway Commission
are lobbying in Washington, trying to bridge the $35 million gap preventing
completion of four-lane Route 219.

The commission -- including a delegation from Somerset County -- will meet with
lawmakers in the capital today and Wednesday.

Somerset County Commissioner John Vatavuk will be among those attending. He said
in an e-mail that the group would be pushing senators and representatives to
restore so-called toll credits in the next federal transportation bill.

The missing $35 million is the final funding piece needed to complete the
massive $300-million-plus construction project to make Route 219 four lanes on
the 12 miles between Somerset and Meyersdale. PennDOT continues to proceed with
work including securing rights of way and relocating utilities.

Congress threw a wrench into the funding several years ago when it reversed
itself and decided that toll credits -- cash collected on the turnpike -- could
not be counted toward Pennsylvania's match on road construction.

That left the Route 219 project about $35 million short.

At least seven members of the commission are leaving this morning for
Washington. The commission aims to build a four-lane highway through West
Virginia, Maryland and Pennsylvania. The highway is expected to eventually be
part of Continental 1, a corridor between Toronto and Miami.

Commission members have scheduled a busy two days, meeting with 10 lawmakers
and/or their aides.

Today they will meet with U.S. Reps. Bill Shuster, R-Hollidaysburg; Nick Rahall,
D-W.Va.; David McKinley, R-W.Va.; Shelley Moore Capito, R-W.Va., and Mark Critz,
D-Johnstown, along with Sen. Bob Casey.

On tap Wednesday are meetings with U.S. Sens. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va.; Jay
Rockefeller, D-W.Va.; Charles Schumer, D-N.Y.; and Pat Toomey.

Vatavuk and company want toll credits reinstated in the next federal
transportation bill, though no one can say when that might be approved. The last
highway law expired in October 2009. Federal transportation aid to the states
has been sustained since then through a series of short-term extensions.

To see more of the Tribune-Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribune-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Tribune-Democrat,
Johnstown, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110328-JO-Somerset-contingent-joins-Route-219-lobbying
-effort-0328-20110328

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2011 The Tribune-Democrat


                              447 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             July 17, 2012 Tuesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Full retreat Our view o Kudos for Express Scripts for dumping ALEC membership.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 566 words

DATELINE: 0


That the American Legislative Exchange Council proposes monumentally stupid
legislation in state capitols across the country is hardly news.

ALEC, the allegedly non-profit, nonpartisan conglomeration of U.S. corporations,
is behind such bad laws as Florida's "Stand Your Ground" law that allows some
people to get away with murder, literally. ALEC is behind the proliferation of
voter identification laws such as those proposed (and found unconstitutional) in
Missouri, the primary purpose of which is to tilt the voting playing field
toward Republicans.

In April, the watchdog organization Common Cause filed a meticulously detailed
complaint with the Internal Revenue Service questioning ALEC's nonprofit status,
exposing the organization as mostly a right-wing corporate shill. Organized
under the IRS code as a 501(c)3 "charity," ALEC, by law, can spend "no
substantial part" of its time and money lobbying elected officials. That's the
trade off for allowing the corporations that got together to form ALEC a tax
deduction for their donations.

The fact is that all ALEC does is lobby.

Take the invitation sent out to Missouri lawmakers for the July 27 "Missouri
Night" at ALEC's annual convention to be held in Salt Lake City. The invitation
says that the evening will be paid for by a bunch of Missouri corporations and
lobbyists, including AT&T, Ameren, Peabody Energy, Cerner and lobbying behemoth
Gamble & Schleimeier.

Last year, one of the sponsors was Express Scripts, one of St. Louis' biggest
companies. In fact, the pharmacy benefit management company was planning to
sponsor the event again this year. But last week, the company became the 26th
large national corporation to dump its ALEC membership.

Why?

Express Scripts spokesman David Whitrap won't say, but good reasons are
plentiful.

It could be that, like Coca-Cola, Pepsi, Kraft, McDonald's and other big
companies, Express Scripts executives are worried about the bad publicity
related to the Stand Your Ground law.

Or maybe they realize the Common Cause complaint could put them on the hook for
millions of dollars in penalties for having skirted lobbying and tax laws lo
these many years.

As we've reported previously, ALEC is behind some of the biggest Republican
agenda items to make their way through the Missouri Legislature. ALEC's state
chairman, Rep. Tim Jones, R-Eureka, probably will be speaker of the House
starting in January. ALEC's cookie-cutter approach to extremist lawmaking is bad
for Missouri. It's bad for every state.

But mostly it's just dishonest.

Missouri corporations know when they're lobbying.

The companies sponsoring ALEC's Missouri Night will report their expenses to the
Missouri Ethics Commission under lobbying laws, just as they did after last
year's ALEC convention, where they wined and dined Missouri lawmakers in New
Orleans.

Because Missouri has no limits on lobbyists' gifts (unlike most other states),
lawmakers can take any amount of money they desire from lobbyists and
corporations seeking to "educate" them about various legislative proposals.

That corporations want to influence legislation is not unusual or inappropriate.
But corporations should be honest about it and not use layer upon layer of
obfuscation to hide their support for the sort of legislation that might
embarrass their shareholders or their customers.

Good for Express Scripts for ending its part in the charade.

Who's next?

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 6, 2001, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Majority Leader Daschle, lobbyist wife vow to keep careers separate Washington
power couple are very much aware of potential conflicts

BYLINE: Jim Drinkard

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 786 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Tom Daschle's rise to the helm of the Senate spotlights
an awkward fact of life for Washington's power couples: When professional
lives intertwine, ethical conflicts can follow.

The South Dakota Democrat's wife, Linda, is a lobbyist who mostly
represents airlines, aircraft makers and other aviation-related
interests -- all of which have a steady stream of issues before
the Senate. As majority leader, Tom Daschle has the power to set
the Senate's agenda.

Linda Daschle says she will deal with that potential pitfall the
way she has since she resumed her lobbying career in 1997: by
never lobbying her husband or any member or committee of the Senate.
"With dual careers in public policy, you need to be careful and
take steps to avoid any appearance problem," she says. "I feel
very comfortable with my activities."


Ethics groups say Daschle's new job makes it even more important
that he and his wife keep their business separate. "They have
to make sure she's not given any special favor because of who
she's married to, and that he not get involved in anything she
is directly lobbying," says Larry Noble, director of the Center
for Responsive Politics, which researches links between political
money and public policy. "This is a problem for a lot of couples
now in Washington."

For example, when Dick Cheney became vice president, it called
attention to the many business connections of his wife, Lynne,
who serves on two corporate boards. Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, the
new chairman of the agriculture committee, is married to lobbyist
Ruth Harkin.

For such two-career couples, the most common issue raised by ethics
watchdogs is the appearance that relatives of powerful policymakers
are snagging lucrative clients because of who they know, rather
than what they know. In some cases, the arrangement can look like
an indirect payoff to the public official.

In Linda Daschle's case, that possibility seems remote because
most of her lobbying is in a field where she has long-standing
expertise and contacts. For five years -- from 1993 to 1997 --
she was deputy administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration.
She served for the last few months as the agency's acting administrator.
She was a top manager at the Civil Aeronautics Board from 1980
to 1984 and worked for aviation trade groups during a 20-year
Washington career.

Her client list includes airlines American and Northwest, aircraft
maker Boeing, and aviation technology companies L-3 Communications,
Loral and United Technologies. She also represents airport executives,
airports in Cleveland and Englewood, Colo., and a trade association
for concrete paving contractors. Those clients paid Daschle's
law and lobbying firm, Baker, Donelson, Bearman & Caldwell,
about $ 1.1 million in the year ending last June, the most recent
records available.

One client that attracted attention because it was outside Daschle's
normal area of expertise was Schering-Plough, the pharmaceutical
giant that sought unsuccessfully last year to extend the patent
life of its allergy drug, Claritin. Several ethics groups said
the lucrative lobbying arrangement smacked of buying special access.

But Marc Miller, a Washington attorney who has studied the potential
conflicts that arise for congressional spouses, says it appears
that Tom and Linda Daschle's arrangements more than meet normal
ethics guidelines.

Miller says disclosure of lobbying relationships is a key to avoiding
conflicts. "If in the next reporting period, she starts to show
a whole bunch of brand-new clients in areas other than aviation,
that would be a red flag," he says.

Linda Daschle, 46, was born in Oklahoma and educated at Kansas
State University. She became a weather observer for the FAA while
in college. She won the Miss Kansas competition in 1976 before
going to Washington to launch her career. She and the senator
were married in 1984, the year after he and his first wife, Laurie,
were divorced.


Linda Daschle's clients

These are the companies and groups represented by Linda Daschle,
a lobbyist and wife of new Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle,
D-S.D.:

* American Airlines

* American Association of Airport Executives

* American Concrete Pavement Association

* American Trucking Associations

* Boeing

* Centennial Airport, Englewood, Colo.

* Hopkins International Airport, Cleveland

* L-3 Communications, makers of cockpit technology

* Loral Space and Communications

* Northwest Airlines

* Schering-Plough, a pharmaceutical company

* United Technologies, a defense contractor

Source: Secretary of the Senate

LOAD-DATE: June 06, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Baker, Donelson, Bearman & Caldwell; Linda Daschle:
Specializes in airlines and aviation interests.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              449 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            June 11, 2003 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Five Powerful Little Words

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 326 words


With six days left in the legislative session, New York State's lawmakers still
have time to close a very large gap in the lobbying laws. The scandalous
loophole allows powerful lobbyists to peddle their clients to state agencies and
authorities in secret. Assemblyman Alexander Grannis and State Senator Frank
Padavan have proposed a five-word addition to the state's lobbying law that
would extend it to cover attempts to influence any official action. If it was
passed, lobbyists would have to report the money spent on efforts to get
contracts from the Metropolitan Transportation Authority for subway cars or from
the State Board of Elections for voting machines, to name a very few contracts
worth an awful lot of money.

This is one of those good-government reforms that everybody favors but that
somehow, mysteriously, does not get passed into law. Gov. George Pataki's
spokesperson has said that if the Legislature passes a bill to regulate the
lobbying of agencies and authorities, the governor could be expected to sign it.
Assembly and Senate leaders also strongly support lobbying reform, for the
record. But somehow the Assembly speaker, Sheldon Silver, and the Senate
majority leader, Joseph Bruno, have not managed to signal their supposedly
intense feelings to the committees where the Padavan-Grannis bill has been stuck
for weeks.

Assemblywoman RoAnn Destito's Government Operations Committee and State Senator
Owen Johnson's Finance Committee have been sitting on this bill, presumably
waiting for word from Mr. Silver and Mr. Bruno to release it. Meanwhile, there
is widespread support -- at least publicly -- in both houses. If the
Padavan-Grannis bill got to the floor, it could be easily passed by both houses.
Then, if Governor Pataki signed it, the whole legislative gang could celebrate a
real success in a year with far too few of them out of Albany.

Fixing Albany: Editorials in this series remain online at nytimes.com/albany.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: FIXING ALBANY

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial; Series

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              450 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           December 4, 1993, Saturday

Perot to push political lobbying arm in address Sunday in College Park

BYLINE: By Ben Smith III STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section B; Page 4

LENGTH: 405 words


Shaking off the public humiliation of losing a $ 2 million crusade against the
North American Free Trade Agreement, Ross Perot will come to metro Atlanta on
Sunday to preach government reform and promote his political lobbying group,
United We Stand America.

The visit by Perot, who will address a 2 p.m. rally at the Georgia International
Convention Center in College Park, is part of a Southern tour including Little
Rock, Chattanooga, Birmingham and Jackson, Miss.

"This is not about me. This is not about where I'm going. This is about the
country and where our country's going," Perot said in a telephone interview,
dismissing suggestions that he may be mortally wounded as a political player.

Amid scathing reviews of Perot's performance in a televised debate with Vice
President Al Gore on the NAFTA issue last month, his popularity dropped
significantly. In a New York Times/CBS poll, 47 percent regarded him unfavorably
and 24 percent favorably..

The trade agreement, previously considered doomed, passed comfortably last month
despite intense last-minute lobbying by Perot.

But Perot has accused the president of winning through massive vote- buying in
Congress.

'Damaged his credibility'

Perot "not only lost on that issue, but he lost in a way that damaged his
credibility in a very visible way," said Earl Black, a political science
professor at Rice University in Houston. "He raised the stakes so high for
himself that he's paying the price of increased identification with that issue.

"And now he really doesn't have anything to mobilize people with," Black added.

Perot and his supporters claim just the opposite: that membership in United We
Stand has grown since the passage of NAFTA. But he refused to divulge exactly
how many belong to the group.

Richard Taylor, executive director of United We Stand in Georgia, said the state
group is not prepared to release its membership totals, partly because the group
is being reorganized. The group plans a statewide convention in January.

Perot's organization has also been revamped, with only 15 of the 50 state
directors who worked on his presidential campaign still in place.

Perot's spokeswoman, Sharon Holman, said many of his supporters are urging him
to form a third party.

But Perot doesn't seem interested.

"It's never been discussed to my knowledge," he said, adding later that he
doesn't want to get back into presidential politics.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH933410260

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              451 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           January 19, 2006 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

POLS SHOULD BE BEHOLDEN TO US AND END THE GRAFT

BYLINE: Jack E. Lohman

SECTION: EDITORIAL; GUEST COLUMN ; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 605 words


When Roth Judd, executive director of the state Ethics Board, suggests that
"increased lobbying activity" may not be a bad thing, it reminds me of the
idiotic claim by U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., that "we don't have too much
campaign money in the political system, we have too little."

Give me a break! What part of "graft" do these guys not understand?

Lobbying is indeed important for companies that want their voices heard and
legislators who want to hear all sides of the issues. But what must be
immediately made illegal is lobbying with cash in hand, even if that cash
precedes or follows the lobbying effort by weeks or months. That's the response
I would have expected from our state's ethics chief. But then, he was appointed
by the Legislature that benefits from the cash that flows, even though he is
charged with its oversight.

Under no circumstances should cash transfer hands from those who want laws
written to those who write them, regardless of the time that elapses between the
two. Nor should cash ensure a time slot in front of a legislator so he can hear
one side but not the other. The fact is, good laws do not require cash to change
hands in order to be passed and signed into law; only bad laws do. Sad to say
that most laws passed in Madison today are indeed bad and the public is getting
the short end of the stick. The special interests are getting the bigger piece.

In any other country they'd call our system bribery and payola. Only in America
do we call it freedom of speech. But speech is not free when only a few can
afford to give the large amounts of dollars that pass hands in our current
political system. I want legislators to be influenced by all taxpayers, not just
by those who fund their campaigns.

That five Republican and Democrat legislators have been indicted or convicted or
are serving sentences is not an indication that our current ethics system works,
only that the tip of the iceberg was impossible to conceal. What's beneath the
tip should be of great concern to us all and to the welfare of our families as
jobs flee the third-highest-taxed state in the nation.

More than $5 billion per year in state taxpayer waste and tax breaks has been
documented by the Wisconsin Democracy Campaign (www.wisdc.org), most of it going
to companies that gave the most in campaign contributions. Unnecessary road
construction, no-bid contracts to travel agencies and gobs of gambling cash to
Gov. Jim Doyle are just a few of the most recent questionable actions by
Republicans and Democrats alike.

Worse, hundreds of thousands of health care dollars have helped block a sound
universal health care system that would keep employers and jobs in the state.
Will it ever end?

* It won't until our Legislature passes and our governor signs AB 626, a bill
that would provide full public funding of campaigns to those who opt into the
system. For $5 per taxpayer per year, we could fund all state election campaigns
and save the $1,300 per taxpayer the state gives away to the private interests
that currently fund the elections. That's a bargain most of us would jump at.
And in Arizona and Maine the taxpayers did exactly that when they were given the
opportunity to select the $5 option at the voting booth.

Though 90 percent of Wisconsinites voted for campaign reform in 2000, perhaps we
need a similar referendum to see if Wisconsinites are willing to make that $5
investment. Add it as a budget item. Are the political parties willing to put it
to a vote in 2006?

Jack E. Lohman of Colgate is a retired business owner and volunteer director of
www.WiCleanElections.org. E-mail: jlohman@execpc.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              452 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                              May 17, 2016 Tuesday

Bottom Line

BYLINE: The Hill Staff

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 341 words


NEW FIRM. Mick Nardelli, who spent seven years at the law and lobby firm Nelson
Mullins Riley & Scarborough, has opened his own shop. Called Nardelli Group, it
starts with several clients, including Boston Beer Company, which makes Sam
Adams, and the flame-retardant chemical company Alexium.

DEFENSE. Former Rep. Jim Moran (D-Va.) signed his fourth lobbying client,
Northrop Grumman. He will be lobbying on "defense authorization and
appropriations," according to forms, in addition to issues related to the James
Webb Space Telescope, a multination project led by NASA on which the company is
serving as a prime contractor. After retiring from Congress in 2015, Moran
joined law and lobby firm McDermott Will & Emery..

TECHNOLOGY. Dropbox registered its first in-house lobbyist, Rebecca Tallent, who
formerly served as a policy assistant to former Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio)
and as the top aide to Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.). Tallent joined the company
earlier this year as its head of U.S. relations. Lobbying disclosure forms show
she will be advocating on issues regarding "privacy protection, intellectual
property, patent protection, patent reform, copyright protection, copyright
compliance, law enforcement surveillance of digital data, workforce and
education in tech."

TRANSPORTATION. The Rail Security Alliance, a new coalition of "companies and
individuals looking to ensure the security of America's railroad system,"
brought on a second lobbying firm to work on its behalf: Summit Strategies
Government Affairs. It also has lobbyists from Venn Strategies working on its
behalf.

ENVIRONMENT. Save The Bay, an organization that aims to protect and improve the
water quality of the San Francisco Bay in California, has hired O'Connell &
Dempsey. It will be working to incorporate "San Francisco Bay issues into the
Water Resources Development Act of 2016," according to disclosure documents. The
lobbying firm bills itself as having a close relationship with the Army Corps of
Engineers, Capitol Hill and environmental regulatory agencies.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2016 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                             April 30, 2013 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Keystone XL campaigns prove bonanza for lobbyists; Majority in support

BYLINE: Laura Litvan, Bloomberg News

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP6

LENGTH: 466 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, D.C.


WASHINGTON, D.C. . Almost 50 groups representing everything from oil companies
to American Jews have stepped up their Washington spending as the proposed
Keystone XL oil pipeline proves to be a bonanza for lobbyists.

The American Petroleum Institute, a Washington-based oil industry trade group,
increased its lobbying spending on all issues, including Keystone, to
US$2.1-million in the first three months of the year from US$1.8-million during
the same period a year earlier, Senate records show. The American Jewish
Committee lobbying costs rose to US$40,000 from US$30,000.

They are among 48 groups that disclosed in filings last week that they were
lobbying on Calgary-based TransCanada Corp.'s proposed US$5.3billion pipeline,
which would bring oil derived from tar sands in Alberta to the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Others include construction equipment manufacturers such as Deere & Co., labour
unions such as the Laborers International Union of North America, and
environmental groups such as the League of Conservation Voters - and the
government of Canada.

"Because it's such a high-profile issue and it has such symbolism, it's become a
full-employment program for K Street," said Bill Allison, editorial director at
the Sunlight Foundation, a Washington-based watch dog. Many lobbyists have
offices on K Street in the District of Columbia.

All but two of the groups -the League of Conservation Voters and Greenpeace -
appear to be in support of the pipeline. That includes oil companies such as
Exxon Mobil Corp., Royal Dutch Shell PLC and Valero Energy Corp., which all
registered as lobbying on the issue, according to the disclosure reports filed
with the U.S. Senate. All own refineries in the Gulf Coast that could benefit
from the Keystone oil, according to Oil Change International, a Washington-based
advocacy group that opposes the pipeline.

Some of the top lobbying firms in the U.S. are involved. Akin Gump Strauss Hauer
& Feld LLP counts Shell among its clients. Podesta Group Inc. lobbies for BP
PLC. The BGR Group lobbies for Chevron Corp.

"The vast array of lobbyists engaged on Keystone owes partly to the immense
geographic and policy-topic spread of the pipeline," said Rogan Kersh, a
lobbying expert and provost of Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North
Carolina. Other advocates that have registered to lobby for the pipeline include
the American Jewish Committee, better known for its support of the state of
Israel and on behalf of Jews worldwide.

Keystone would help reduce "U.S. dependence on oil from hostile or unstable
foreign sources," said Kenneth Bandler, a spokesman for the committee. "The
Keystone XL pipeline is vital toward strengthening America's energy security,
and also important for our relations with Canada, our dependable, democratic
ally and neighbour."

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 27, 2014 Wednesday

Technical Assistance with Nayantara Mehta from Alliance for Justice

LENGTH: 416  words

DATELINE: Omaha


University of Nebraska Omaha has issued the following news release:

Wednesday, August 27, 2014
10:00 AM - 12:00 PM (CT)
Community Engagement Center 210 Private Conference Room
Event Type
Meeting
Contact
Inclusive Communities
Share on facebookShare on twitterShare on emailMore Sharing Services
Event Description
On Wednesday August 27 from 10:00AM-12:00PM CST, attorney Nayantara Mehta from
Alliance for Justice will be in Omaha, Nebraska offering free in-person
technical assistance. Please sign up today to reserve a 30-minute session with
Nayantara to get answers to your questions about nonprofit advocacy rules and
strategies.
Technical Assistance Office Hours in Omaha!
Wednesday, August 27th
10:00AM-12:00PM CST
Community Engagement Center
6001 Dodge Street
Omaha, NE 68182-0868
To make a 30-minute appointment for free in-person technical assistance please
e-mail Nayantara at nayantara@afj.org Please indicate the time that you would
like to reserve and some general information about the questions you have.

AFJ's technical assistance office hours are an opportunity for you to ask
questions and get answers from a qualified attorney about laws related to
lobbying, ballot measure advocacy, election-related activity, and collaborating
with other organizations.

Our attorney can help you understand common issues including:
o How 501(c)(3)s can safely engage in ballot measure advocacy and nonpartisan
election-related activity in 2014
o What qualifies as lobbying under federal tax law, and how to create a
recordkeeping system for tracking (c)(3) lobbying expenditures
o How (c)(3)s, (c)(4)s and unions can work together to maximize advocacy impact
We hope your nonprofit can take advantage of this opportunity. In the meantime,
please visit our website for dozens of plain-language legal resources.
**Technical assistance sessions do not create an attorney-client relationship.
The information exchanged is not a substitute for expert legal, tax or other
professional advice tailored to your specific circumstances, and may not be
relied upon for the purposes of avoiding any penalties that may be imposed under
the Internal Revenue Code.**


© Copyright 2014 AFJ

Bolder Advocacy o bolderadvocacy.org
1-866-NP-LOBBY (866-675-6229)
East Coast Office: 11 Dupont Circle NW, 2nd Floor o Washington, DC 20036
West Coast Office: 436 14th Street, Suite 425 o Oakland, CA 94612 o 510-444-6070

Open to Public
No
Public Calendar
Yes
Calendar
Community Engagement Center
less


For more information please visit: http://www.unomaha.edu

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              455 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            March 12, 2008 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

READERS WRITE

BYLINE: JOHN S. LEVITT, DOUG TRAVER, ROBERT MALLER, BILL BURNS, JACK FRANKLIN,
MARY HOLLOWELL, HARRIS GREEN, BETH CARR, JOE WALLACE; For the
Journal-Constitution

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 800 words


Lobbying isn't a level field

Seeking to justify lobbying by asserting it constitutional, columnist Charles
Krauthammer confronts only part of the dilemma ("Lobbying is grievously
misjudged," @issue, Feb. 29). Most Americans accept that when attempting to
influence elected representatives, each person, group or corporation has the
constitutional right to present individual opinions to framers of our laws and
policies.

Americans don't want to prevent representatives from hearing differing
positions; we merely desire equal opportunity to express often well-considered
viewpoints. But few citizens know how to attract the attention of powerful
officials, and fewer still can afford professional lobbying assistance.

No matter how pertinent, simple e-mails cannot compete with luxury private jets.
Neither phone calls nor letters admit common citizens to secret conferences
where official energy policy is determined. We need a level field.

JOHN S. LEVITT, Felton

U.S. needs to start talks with Cuba

Regarding the Associated Press article "Bush raps other nations for their
silence on Cuba" (News, March 8), how can President Bush criticize other nations
when the U.S. has done so little itself? Over the years, when our country has
had a disagreement with another nation, one of the ways our government has
handled the problem is to recall our ambassador and close the embassy. This is
like very young children playing together until one of them gets mad, picks up
his toys and announces he is going home. The U.S. has been "mad" at Cuba for too
many years. Whatever happened to diplomacy and talking?

Now would be the perfect time to begin talks with a country less than 100 miles
from our border. If for no other reason than to improve his tattered legacy,
Bush should begin meaningful talks with Cuba now.

DOUG TRAVER, Peachtree City

Health care truism

The problem is not lack of affordable health insurance, it's lack of affordable
health care.

ROBERT MALLER, Atlanta

Murders of students incomprehensible

Sometimes you have to wonder what it's all about. Such is the case with the
recent murders of the two young women at Auburn and the University of North
Carolina at Chapel Hill. Billy Joel has a song, "Only the Good Die Young." In
the case of these two students, how true that is.

Both were excellent students. One was president of her college and high school
student bodies and a valedictorian. Now we are left with these two fine human
beings dead and a killer or killers still among us. It's hard, even impossible,
to grasp something like this.

BILL BURNS, Stone Mountain

Effective irritant

I wear a flag lapel pin hoping that it will irritate liberals ("Peeling off from
the herd shows Obama's patriotism," Jay Bookman's column, March 3). Apparently
it works.

JACK FRANKLIN, Conyers

Education system needs an overhaul

As someone in the thick of teacher education, I'm calling on legislators to make
drastic changes. If 2.8 million more teachers are needed in America by 2015
(Time magazine, Feb. 25, 2008), we must act quickly to prevent a shortage. It is
imperative that we increase teacher salaries in our state beyond the average
starting salary of a mere $32,000 to $36,000.

Teaching is one of the most vital and exhausting jobs imaginable, yet we do not
acknowledge this by paying teachers a living wage. We must cut the bloated
bureaucracies that overregulate our profession and demand reams of senseless
paperwork. Finally, we must expand teacher education programs, and we must
expand them rapidly. Right now, I'm holding out hope that our next president
will lead the nation in tackling education issues head-on. The situation is
urgent.

MARY HOLLOWELL, Peachtree City

License plate issue a big waste of time

When Georgia citizens are being turned away from emergency rooms for lack of
money, how can the Georgia Legislature waste time worrying about out-of-state
college license plates? In the face of the massive, real problems facing
Georgians, I don't give a fig about the college license plate issue, even though
I graduated from both Auburn and Florida.

HARRIS GREEN, Big Canoe

Hold telecom firms accountable

No telecom immunity [for firms that gave personal information to the Bush
administration]! Neither government nor corporations should be corrupt, and
without accountability for wrongdoing, corruption is inevitable. Hold the
lawbreakers accountable!

BETH CARR, Atlanta

Mockery of miracles wrong

In the "Dilbert" comic strip, the mockery of miracles performed by Jesus Christ
is gratuitously sacrilegious and provocative (Business, March 10). Suppose the
cartoonist had chosen to mock Muhammad. The AJC might have found itself paying
for added security at its building, as newspapers in Denmark did. Apparently the
AJC knows it can count on Christians to turn the other cheek.

JOE WALLACE, Braselton

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: A writer is left to ponder the senselessness of the recent
killings of Lauren Burk (left), an Auburn student, and Eve Carson, who attended
UNC./ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: A writer is left to ponder the senselessness of the recent killings of
Lauren Burk, an Auburn student, and Eve Carson, who attended UNC./ImageData*
ImageData*
Photo: /ImageData* ImageData*
Graphic: /ImageData*

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              456 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 29, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Gift to Lobbyists

SECTION: Section 14WC; Column 1; Westchester Weekly Desk; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 302 words


If lobbyists are the plague of government, New York has just let them loose. A
state court recently declared parts of the state's lobbying law unconstitutional
because it does not grant proper hearings to those fined for illegal activities.
The ruling leaves enforcement of lobbying rules in limbo, the last place they
need to be in Albany.

Attorney General Eliot Spitzer should wage a vigorous appealto assure that a
higher court will overturn the State Supreme Court justice's ruling. But in the
meantime, there is confusion about whether New York's lobbyists still have to
report, for the public record, whose bills they are peddling to the State
Legislature. It's hard to imagine how you could add more fog to the secretive
world of Albany influence-peddling. But be assured that the $100 million-a-year
lobbying crowd is already using the confusion, pitching even more secretively
for every industry, every special interest group. The New York Public Interest
Research Group views this as a statewide emergency and has asked Gov. George
Pataki to call a special session of the Legislature to fix the lobbying laws.

Mr. Pataki, whose polls are down these days, could get a lot of points with the
public by actually bringing this do-nothing crowd back to Albany, with their
specific task being not just reinstatement of the old lobbying laws, but also
the real long-sought reform of the whole system.

In the interim, the Temporary State Commission on Lobbying should take the view
that lobbyists still have to inform the public about who hires them, what
legislators they lobby and how much they are being paid to do it. Certainly,
there will be a few who see this reporting as a public service. The problem, of
course, will be with the ones who do not.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              457 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 29, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Gift to Lobbyists

SECTION: Section 14LI; Column 1; Long Island Weekly Desk; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 293 words


If lobbyists are the plague of government, New York has just let them loose. A
state court recently declared parts of the state's lobbying law unconstitutional
because it does not grant proper hearings to those fined for illegal activities.
The ruling leaves enforcement of lobbying rules in limbo, the last place they
need to be in Albany.

Attorney General Eliot Spitzer should wage a vigorous appealto assure that a
higher court will overturn the State Supreme Court justice's ruling. But in the
meantime, there is confusion about whether New York's lobbyists still have to
report, for the public record, whose bills they are peddling to the State
Legislature. It's hard to imagine how you could add more fog to the secretive
world of Albany influence-peddling. But be assured that the $100 million-a-year
lobbying crowd is already using the confusion, pitching even more secretively
for every industry, every special interest group. The New York Public Interest
Research Group views this as a statewide emergency and has asked Gov. George
Pataki to call a special session of the Legislature to fix the lobbying laws.

Mr. Pataki, whose polls are down these days, could get a lot of points with the
public by actually bringing this do-nothing crowd back to Albany, with their
specific task being not just reinstatement of the old lobbying laws, but also
the real long-sought reform of the whole system.

In the interim, the Temporary State Commission on Lobbying should take the view
that lobbyists still have to inform the public about who hires them, what
legislators they lobby and how much they are being paid to do it. Certainly,
there will be a few who see this reporting as a public service. The problem, of
course, will be with the ones who do not.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              458 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 28, 1987, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

New I.R.S. Rules Would Gag Charities

SECTION: Section A; Page 30, Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 384 words


To the Editor:

Public hearings beginning May 11 will examine proposed Internal Revenue Service
regulations that would severely restrict lobbying on the part of charitable
institutions. Far from clarifying a 1976 law guaranteeing charitable groups that
right to lobby, as these new I.R.S. regulations were intended to do, they would,
in the words of Representative Jack Brooks, ''thwart the will of Congress and
gag the nation's charities in a single set of rules.''

For more than a decade, charities addressing a wide range of issues were able to
spend as much as 5 percent of their income on grass-roots lobbying and as much
as 20 percent on lobbying government officials. The new rules would introduce
ambiguity about what constitutes lobbying, thereby counting much more of the
costs of charitable institutions as lobbying expenditures.

The result would be the opposite of what lawmakers originially sought -and the
free flow of information from voluntary groups across the political spectrum
would be drastially curtailed. Some of the flaws in these regulations are:

* A broad and vague concept of what might cause any statement to be considered
lobbying.

* The classification of communication as lobbying solely on the basis of how it
is disseminated, rather than on the basis of its content.

* Inhibitions on foundation grants caused by expanding the scope of what kinds
of foundation-financed activity might count as lobbying.

* The retroactive nature of the regulations, which would jeopardize the
tax-exempt status of many groups as far back as 1977.

New York's Senators Daniel Patrick Moynihan and Alfonse D'Amato have joined a
bipartisan protest of the proposed regulations, calling on Lawrence B. Gibbs,
I.R.S. Commissioner, to withdraw the rules and rewrite them to more nearly
reflect the intent of Congress. We would also urge that the I.R.S. work with a
public-charities advisory board in resolving this dangerous controversy.

The simple proposal of these regulations has already had a detrimental effect on
the charitable community. Their enactment could virtually shut off the flow of
public information so vital to the workings of democracy.

SHEILA RATNER
New York, April 13, 1987
  The writer is administrative director, Council on Economic Priorities.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              459 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 4, 1995, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

1-Man Crusade Over Lobbying Ensnares a Bill

BYLINE: By JERRY GRAY

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 1;  Column 5;  National Desk

LENGTH: 1353 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 3


Of all the Republican underclassmen in the House of Representatives who have
crusaded this year to turn decades of liberal rule on their ear, few have been
as ardent as Representative Ernest Jim Istook Jr.

Mr. Istook, a 45-year-old lawyer from Oklahoma, is one of the most conservative
members of the House. Legislation he proposed to limit abortions has slowed
action on at least three of the 1996 spending bills; he is chief sponsor of a
constitutional amendment on school prayer, and he is among a cadre of members
who succeeded in winning a House vote to deny money for the health care of
partners of unmarried District of Columbia employees.

But none of those measures have generated as fervid a response as the amendment
that bears his name.

The Istook amendment would restrict Government lobbying by certain nonprofit
groups that receive Federal grants. It would legislate a virtual end to what Mr.
Istook calls "welfare for lobbyists."

His effort to stop such groups from engaging in what he terms "political
advocacy" has created a long-running drama on Capitol Hill that is building to a
climax. Not only has it snarled for more than a month a spending bill that
finances the White House and the Treasury Department, but it has also driven a
wedge between House and Senate Republicans, spawned a constitutional debate and
roiled organizations from the American Red Cross to International Business
Machines.

And for the moment, it looms as an obstacle to a budget deal between Congress
and the White House.

"It's a matter of principle," said Mr. Istook, a second-term Representative from
Oklahoma City. "Congress is not required to subsidize lobbying activity for
anybody, and that's what we're talking about. It's wrong for people to think
that they have the right to get an automatic check from the U.S. Treasury to
further their political agenda."

Opponents of the measure -- among them influential Republicans in the Senate
like Mark O. Hatfield of Oregon, the chairman of the Appropriations Committee --
see it differently. They say the bill is aimed at groups that dissent from the
Republicans' own agenda, like the National Council of Senior Citizens, which has
led the fight against the Republicans' plan for holding down the growth in
spending on Medicaid and Medicare.

Representative David E. Skaggs, a Colorado Democrat who is one of the measure's
most strident critics, said: "This has nothing to do with lobbying with Federal
taxpayers' dollars. That's a misdescription and a mischaracterization. This is
22 pages of legislation having to do with the control of political expression in
America."

While Mr. Istook is the driving force behind the bill, his effort is supported
by Speaker Newt Gingrich and a sometimes rambunctious class of Republican
freshmen.

"There are few things more important to the freshmen than this issue,"
Representative Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. of Maryland said in an interview with the
Capitol Hill newspaper Congress Daily. He and another Republican freshman,
Representative David M. McIntosh of Indiana, are co-sponsors of the measure.

Current law prohibits nonprofit groups from using Federal money to lobby
Congress. Mr. Istook argues that his bill would merely extend and strengthen
that law. It would restrict nonprofit organizations with budgets of more than $3
million from using even their own money to engage in "political advocacy." That
definition takes in not only lobbying, but also virtually any contact with
Federal, state or local legislators or regulators.

The bill would make it unlawful for any organization covered by the legislation
to spend more than 5 to 20 percent of its own money, depending on the group's
size, up to a maximum of $1 million, on political advocacy without risking the
loss of its eligibility for Federal grants for five years. Also affected would
be groups that do not receive direct Federal grants but that hire or buy
anything from another organization that spends more than 15 percent of its money
on political advocacy.

About 225,000 groups and individuals receive a share of the $40 billion in
Federal grants each year. Mr. Istook said his legislation would apply to about 4
percent of the grant recipients, or 3,000 groups.

Mr. Istook's drive against spending Government money on lobbying began during
his days as a legislator in the Oklahoma House, where he served from 1987 to
1993. His proposals were never enacted, however.

In Washington, the National Council of Senior Citizens is a group that Mr.
Istook frequently singles out. He said in an interview, "When you get 96 percent
of your funding, $73 million, from taxpayers and still brag about spending
millions of dollars for political commercials, getting hundreds of thousands of
people to contact the President and members of Congress, and focus on your
political agenda, that's not the type of organization that ought to be funded 96
percent by the taxpayers."

The 34-year-old organization has about 500,000 dues-paying members and is the
administrator for millions of Federal dollars for work programs for elderly
citizens. As such, it must submit annual independent audits to the Federal
Government.

The group has gone toe-to-toe with the Republicans over Medicaid and Medicare,
joining others in a national television campaign attacking the Republican plan.
Members staged a demonstration outside the Capitol and disrupted a committee
meeting, where several were arrested.

Patrick Burns, a spokesman for the National Council of Senior Citizens, called
the Istook amendment "vendetta politics," adding, "What you've got here is an
attempt to win through intimidation."

Other opponents argue that the bill is unconstitutional and that, at its
furthest reach, it would cover Federal grant recipients ranging from giant
corporations like General Motors to disaster victims who receive emergency
Federal aid and the contractors they hire with that money.

In a letter to senators in September, Elizabeth Dole, the president of the
American Red Cross and the wife of the Senate majority leader, Bob Dole, said
that the bill would "impose unrealistic limitations and burdensome reporting
requirements" on her organization.

"We understand that the amendment was not directed at the American Red Cross,"
Mrs. Dole said. "Nevertheless, its broad language would fundamentally and
adversely affect our ability to work with Government agencies at all levels."

In another letter, I.B.M. lamented that while the corporation did little
political advocacy, the Istook amendment would, nevertheless, create a crush of
paper work.

"We have no way of knowing what the situation might be with the literally
thousands of vendors to whom I.B.M. may have made disbursements," said Edmund F.
Perry, an official in I.B.M.'s office of government relations in Washington.

Mr. Istook initially attached his proposal to the spending bill for the
Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services and Education. But after that
bill stalled in the Senate, he added identical language to the spending bill for
the Treasury Department, the Postal Service and White House, which both the
House and Senate have approved.

In working out a compromise between the two versions, Senate negotiators
objected to the Istook provision. House negotiators, pressured by the freshmen,
held firm on keeping the language in the bill. In the current stalemate, Mr.
Istook and the 65 members who support him are being cagey about their
intentions. Among other things, they have hinted they might try to force the
amendment onto the temporary legislation needed to keep the Government running
when current financing expires on Nov. 13.

Mr. Istook denies any attempt to suppress political expression. "There is no
ideological classification to apply this to some groups while exempting others,"
he told a House panel exploring the issue.

But Mr. Ehrlich, one of the bill's co-sponsors, is unabashed in saying that many
groups that would be affected lobby for liberal causes.

"A lot of these groups are groups that fought us," he said. "They are very
unhappy we are here."

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Representative Ernest Jim Istook Jr. is the driving force behind
a measure to curb Government lobbying by some nonprofit groups. (David Scull/The
New York Times)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              460 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 21, 1984, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

UTILITY GROUP CRITICIZED ON FUNDS FOR LOBBYING

BYLINE: By STUART DIAMOND

SECTION: Section 1; Page 39, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1131 words


A 20-month investigation by a state regulators group has criticized the Edison
Electric Institute, the trade association of investor-owned utilities, for
failing to disclose that it spent millions of dollars collected from the
nation's electric customers on lobbying and advertising.

Many states prohibit spending customer funds on such activities, so that if
utilities want to finance them their stockholders must pay. The regulators'
finding raises the possibility that states will disallow from future bills a
larger portion of the dues that member utilities collect, jeopardizing the
industry's ability to publicize its positions.

The investigation was spurred by the Environmental Action Foundation, a consumer
group, which thought the lobbying figure claimed by the utilities was too low.
Results of the investigation, conducted by the National Association of
Regulatory Utility Commissioners, which represents utility regulators in all 50
states, are to be released Wednesday at an executive committee meeting of the
association in San Diego.

The report will recommend an audit of the institute's financial records and
practices by outside experts, with the institute paying for the audit,
regulatory sources said.



Utilities' Group Cooperates Officials of the Edison Electric Institute contend
they did nothing improper and have cooperated fully with the investigators.

At least a dozen states have already disallowed from customers' future bills
part or all of the dues and advertising money paid by utilities to the Edison
Electric Institute as regulators over the last few months obtained details of
the investigation.

Some of the lobbying funds have been used to back Congressional bills favored by
the utility industry on the acid rain problem and power plant construction; some
of the advertising funds were used to promote the use of atomic power plants,
regulators said.

The Edison Institute's lobbying function is paid by utility dues, which account
for nearly all of its $30 million budget this year. Nearly all the advertising
costs are paid separately by utilities to the institute's Media Communications
Fund.

Since 1979 about $75 million has been allocated for lobbying and advertising by
the institute and its associated groups, according to figures supplied by the
trade association and regulators. Those figures indicate that at least $34
million was to be paid by the nation's electric utilities and presumably
collected from customers in that period.

The amounts in question are small compared with the tens of billions of dollars
collected from customers each year. But many regulators are disturbed because
the funds have been used in national efforts to change the way Americans use
electricity or to encourage major new Government policies with broad effects
that might not necessarily benefit customers.

''It's a small amount of money in the context of utility rates, but it's a large
amount in a political context,'' said Peter A. Bradford, chairman of the Maine
Public Utilities Commission. ''It can support a national media or lobbying
campaign that can have a substantial impact on public consciousness or
policies.''



Connection Questioned

The regulators were also disturbed that the utilities group said it ''has no
direct connection'' with the United States Committee for Energy Awareness, a
trade group promoting nuclear power and coal, when in fact programs administered
by the utilities group had given $13.2 million to the committee.

''The Edison Electric Institute has been less than candid; its responses to our
inquiries have been evasive and loaded with contradictions,'' charged Michael R.
Foley, director of financial analysis for the regulators association.

Specifically, the regulators note that the Edison Institute said initially that
2 percent of its utility-financed budget went for lobbying, when the regulators
group's investigation disclosed that the figure could be as high as 35 percent.
States traditionally have barred from customer bills only the 2 percent in
lobbying fees claimed by utilities in electric rate cases. That figure was
contained in letters from the institute, Mr. Foley said.

''A lot of commissioners feel they have been deliberately misled,'' Mr. Foley
said.



Institute's Response

The Edison Institute, however, said the 2 percent lobbying figure is consistent
with the Federal definition of lobbying - face-to-face meetings with legislators
and staffs. Much of the other 33 percent is support and analysis, and some is
simply responses to requests from lawmakers for position papers or technical
information, said Edwin R. Anthony, a spokesman for the institute. Mr. Anthony
also contended that some association lobbying efforts benefit consumers.

But John J. Gibbons, head of the regulators' investigation and chief accountant
at the California Public Utilities Commission, countered that the institute had
tried to ''hide'' information that should be public by failing for months to
disclose its financial records or its association with Committee for Energy
Awareness. ''I am surprised that a sophisticated group didn't know better than
that,'' he said.

Mr. Bradford, a former commissioner of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, went
further. ''If a utility had treated the Maine commission or the N.R.C. the way
E.E.I. treated Naruc, the utility executives would have been prime candidates
for jail sentences or other criminal penalties,'' he said. ''The information in
the form they provided it in my opinion was willfully misleading. It was a
material false statement.''

Jack Young, senior vice president of the Edison Institute, said the association
''didn't understand the depth of detail'' that the regulators association
wanted. ''We have learned in the process,'' he said.

The institute, which includes 178 investor-owned utilities that provide
electricity to three-quarters of the nation's population, has turned over large
amounts of documents as the regulators asked a stream of questions.

Since the investigation began, increasing numbers of states have begun
disallowing between 25 percent and 100 percent of dues paid by the utilities to
the institute, as well as all advertising costs that utilities have tried to
collect from customers.  In New York State, for example, the Niagara-Mohawk
Power Corporation collected for the advertising costs until March, when the
state's Public Service Commission barred collection of $133,000 from customers
for the Media Communications Fund. A Niagara-Mohawk spokesman yesterday said the
utility would no longer pay money to the fund.

Other states that have barred some of the dues or advertising costs are Texas,
California, Colorado, Florida, Massachusetts and Missouri.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              461 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 8, 2011 Thursday

In brief

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 473 words


LOBBYING

Accused Pakistani agent pleads guilty

ALEXANDRIA, Va. - A Virginia man has pleaded guilty to secretly receiving
millions of dollars from Pakistan's spy service while lobbying Congress for more
than a decade on the disputed Kashmir territory.

On Wednesday, 62-year-old Syed Ghulam Nabi Fai, who ran the D.C.-based Kashmiri
American Council, pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy and impeding the
Internal Revenue Service.

After the hearing, Fai's lawyer, Nina Ginsberg, said that while Fai admits
illegally receiving more than $3.5 million from Pakistan's intelligence agency,
he insists his lobbying work was his own and not directed by Pakistan.
ASSOCIATED

PRESS

CRIME & COURTS

Prosecutors relent on execution battle

PHILADELPHIA - Prosecutors have called off their 30-year battle to execute
former Black Panther Mumia Abu-Jamal for murdering a white police officer,
Daniel Faulkner, putting to an end the racially charged case that became a major
battleground in the fight over the death penalty.

"There's never been any doubt in my mind that Mumia Abu-Jamal shot and killed
Officer Faulkner," Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams said. "I believe
that the appropriate sentence was handed down by a jury of his peers in 1982.
While Abu-Jamal will no longer be facing the death penalty," he will remain
behind bars for the rest of his life, and that is where he belongs." ASSOCIATED
PRESS

ASTRONOMY

Total lunar eclipse last one for years

CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. - The last total lunar eclipse of the year is Saturday. And
there won't be another one for three years.

Viewers in the western half of the United States will have the best views
Saturday well before dawn, Pacific and Mountain Standard Time. The farther west
the better.

This is the second total lunar eclipse this year, when the entire moon is in
Earth's darkest shadow and will appear red. ASSOCIATED PRESS

UTILITIES

Agency to probe power outages

LOS ANGELES - The state's Public Utilities Commission said Wednesday it was
investigating the mass power outages in Southern California following last
week's windstorm.

Paul Clanon, the agency's executive director, said the PUC will look at why the
outages occurred and why it's taken so long for power to be restored.

Some 1,500 Southern California Edison customers remained without service
Wednesday, a week after the Nov. 30 storm.

ASSOCIATED PRESS

PROTEST

70 arrested as camp dismantled

SAN FRANCISCO - Police gave protesters at San Francisco's Occupy encampment five
minutes to gather belongings before dismantling the camp in an overnight raid,
taking down about 100 tents and arresting 70 people.

About two dozen officers in riot gear remained at daybreak Wednesday, down from
more than 100 who carried out the raid.

A handful of protesters stood by, jeering at officers but heeding instructions
to stay back. ASSOCIATED PRESS

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              462 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            August 16, 2008 Saturday

How big money gobbled up a capital;
BOOKS & IDEAS

BYLINE: Michael Lind - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: FEATURE; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1230 words


The Wrecking Crew

How Conservatives Rule

By Thomas Frank

369 pages. $25.

Metropolitan Books/Henry Holt & Company.

*

Reviewed by Michael Lind

*

In ''The Wrecking Crew,'' the liberal journalist Thomas Frank tells the story of
free-market ideologues who came to Washington to start a revolution and built a
lucrative lobbying empire instead. Now a columnist for The Wall Street Journal,
Frank established his reputation as the editor of The Baffler and then as the
author of the best-selling ''What's the Matter With Kansas?'' (2004) by
combining two things absent from most liberal commentary: muckraking reporting
and satiric wit.

Frank's gifts as a social observer are on display in his description of the
contemporary Washington metro area: ''The airport designed by Eero Saarinen; the
shopping mall so vast it dwarfs other cities' downtowns; the finely tuned
high-performance cars zooming along an immaculate private highway; the masses of
flowers in perfectly edged beds; the gas stations with Colonial Williamsburg
cupolas; the men all in ties and starched, buttoned-down shirts; the street
names, even, recalling our cherished American values: Freedom, Market,
Democracy, Tradition and Signature Drives; Heritage Lane; Founders Way;
Enterprise, Prosperity and Executive Park Avenues; and a Chivalry Road that
leads, of course, to Valor Court.''

The growth of government as an industry, Frank notes, has transformed the
capital region: ''The richest county in America isn't in Silicon Valley or some
sugarland preserve of Houston's oil kings; it is Loudoun County, Virginia, a
fast-growing suburb of Washington, D.C. ... The second richest county is
Fairfax, Virginia, the next suburb over from Loudoun; the third, sixth and
seventh richest counties are also suburbs of the capital.'' While there were
millionaires in Washington in the past, ''in those days the millions almost
always came from somewhere else.'' Since the 1980s, Washington's ''millionaires
were homegrown, and the template for Washington housing was ostentatious,
aristocratic and gargantuan.'' Frank's Washington ''is a perfect realization of
the upper-bracket dream of a white-collar universe,'' and in Washington the
dominant white-collar figure is the lobbyist.

The increasing supply of lobbyists, Frank observes, ''should have driven the
price of lobbying down, not up. ... The most credible explanation ... is that
clients grew more and more confident that their lobbyists could deliver
something of value in exchange for their fees. ... The reason companies started
buying, in other words, was that Congress began selling.'' Special-interest
earmarks in legislation by members of Congress have exploded in number, while
careers in elected or appointed office are apprenticeships for lobbying jobs.

Frank blames conservative Republicans for the recent cancerous growth of the
lobbying industry for two reasons. First, right-wingers like Tom DeLay, the
former House majority leader from Texas, saw the government lobbyists and
political research institutes of K Street as another front alongside
Pennsylvania Avenue in the war on liberal government. Even more important,
according to Frank, is the contempt for government shared by conservatives who
believe that ''the liberal state has no more claim to legitimacy than the thief
who robs you at gunpoint.'' In other words, it's O.K. to steal from robbers.
Treating the scandals that brought them down as an all but inevitable result of
their ideological politics, Frank takes DeLay, the convicted Republican lobbyist
Jack Abramoff and many of their allies on a perp walk through his pages.

Frank's analysis of why there are so many libertarian research institutes in a
country with so few libertarians is dead on: ''it appeals to those who are able
to fund ideas. ... Libertarianism is a politics born to be subsidized.''

Frank's portrait of the conservative movement, however, sacrifices complexity to
caricature. ''Conservatism has always been an expression of American business.''
Conservatism equals libertarianism equals plutocracy. According to Frank, Grover
Cleveland Democrats in the 1890s and Grover Norquist Republicans in the 1990s
are different incarnations of the same eternal evil: the subordination of
democracy to money. Frank dates the beginning of the modern lobbying era to 1995
and the arrival of Gingrich Republican idealists. That may be so, but the father
of Washington lobbying was Franklin Roosevelt's former aide Thomas Corcoran,
known as Tommy the Cork, a private figure so powerful that President Harry
Truman ordered the FBI to wiretap him. Dan Rostenkowski, the powerful and
corrupt Democratic chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee in the 1980s
and early 1990s, preceded Jack Abramoff into prison. Frank holds up a minor
Indiana congressman, David McIntosh, who pushed lobbying reforms before quitting
government to become a lobbyist, as an example of conservative hypocrisy. But
Fred Dutton, Robert Kennedy's campaign manager in 1968 and the champion of a
''new politics'' uniting suburban idealists, college students and racial
minorities (sound familiar?), went on to become a lobbyist for Mobil Oil and
Saudi Arabia, earning the nickname ''Dutton of Arabia.''

Missing from ''The Wrecking Crew'' is any acknowledgment of what, from a left
perspective, should be considered good news: the defeat of the antigovernment
right in most major policy battles, from Social Security privatization to
private school vouchers. Bush's plan for Social Security was so unpopular it
never came to a vote in the Republican Congress, which enacted (to be sure, with
payoffs to pharmaceutical companies) the Medicare prescription drug benefit, the
biggest increase in government involvement in the health care industry in the
United States since Medicare's creation. Incapable of overthrowing big
government, even when they controlled all three branches, the right has been
limited to tinkering with it.

Indeed, one might argue that the defeat of the attempted libertarian revolution
puts the money-making schemes of Frank's villains in a different light. Former
young conservative firebrands like Abramoff settled for enriching themselves
precisely because they were unable to repeal the New Deal.

But ''The Wrecking Crew'' is a polemic, not a dissertation. With rare exceptions
like John Kenneth Galbraith, conservatives - from Juvenal and Alexander Pope to
H.L. Mencken, Tom Wolfe and P.J. O'Rourke - have been the best satirists. In
Thomas Frank, the American left has found its own Juvenal. Consider his update
of a 1945 civics primer, ''We Are the Government,'' which followed the cheerful
wanderings of a dime that paid for a variety of enlightened New Deal
regulations. In Frank's contemporary version, the dime travels from a private
government contractor to a trade association, which ''gives the dime to a
Washington consultant who specializes in fighting federal agencies, and this man
launches challenge after challenge to the studies that the agency is using. ...
It takes many years for the agency to make its way through the flak thrown up by
this clever fellow. Meanwhile, with his well-earned dime, he buys himself a big
house with nice white columns in front.''

On Chivalry Road or Valor Court, no doubt.

*

Michael Lind, the Whitehead senior fellow at the New America Foundation, is the
author of ''The American Way of Strategy.''

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            December 9, 2005 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Lobbying commission downplays enforcement of new regulatory law

BYLINE: By Tom Precious - NEWS ALBANY BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 505 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


Lobbyists engaged in the secretive business of influencing the
multibillion-dollar state procurement process will be given a break from
enforcement for the next year, despite the imminent enactment of a new sunshine
law to rein in the much-criticized lobbying practices.

State lobbying officials said Wednesday they will concentrate on educating
lobbyists about the new law, rather than enforcing its provisions that were
supposed to, as of Jan. 1, require procurement lobbyists to disclose their
activities in trying to win lucrative state contracts.

The law, hailed in June as one of the major reform efforts in years, says
nothing about phasing in the law.

The decision was sharply criticized by one lawmaker, who said legislators did
not envision the law kicking in 18 months after they approved it last June.

"The Legislature clearly did not intend that this corrupt system should survive
another 18 months," said Assemblyman Richard Brodsky, a Westchester County
Democrat.

But David Grandeau, executive director of the New York Temporary State
Commission on Lobbying, said it will take time for his agency to educate
lobbyists about the new law. He asked the agency's board for "extreme
discretion" in enforcing the law over the next year.

Grandeau said that while the law does apply, the "focus will be on education."
He said instances of "major" violations, such as lobbyists providing gifts to
state officials involved in contract dealings, will be enforced, but that
lobbyists won't have to worry about such things as timely filings of disclosure
documents; such disclosure is at the heart of the new law's provisions.

Attorney General Eliot Spitzer said Thursday Grandeau should resign if he delays
enforcement of the law.

"Mr. Grandeau's decision to ignore statutory violations is unconscionable,"
Spitzer said. "If he doesn't want to enforce the lobbying law, he should resign
so that the commission can hire someone who will."

Spitzer said the law is critical "in reducing the pernicious and corrupting
influences on the state contracting process."

Grandeau responded: "The attorney general's statement that I should resign is
precisely the type of naked political aggression that an effective ethics agency
leader needs to be insulated from to perform the functions of the office. I
would challenge Mr. Spitzer to find any credible group that would say I have not
been aggressive in my enforcement of the lobbying act."

The decision to delay enforcement means that lobbying state agencies could go
unchecked during Gov. George E. Pataki's last year in office. A number of high
profile instances of influential lobbyists getting agency contracts helped
propel the new lobbying reform.

"We expect the lobbying commission to enforce the law," said Kevin Quinn, a
Pataki spokesman.

Charles Carrier, a spokesman for Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver, D-Manhattan,
said the matter was being looked into. "Clearly, we are very concerned about the
enforcement of a law [that is] clearly needed," Carrier said.

e-mail: tprecious@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                              464 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           January 1, 2004, Thursday

YANKS PLAY BALL WITH LOBBY PANEL

BYLINE: By JOE MAHONEY DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 252 words

ALBANY - The Boss caved.

The Yankees put an end to a probe by the state Lobbying Commission yesterday by
agreeing to pay a $75,000 fine and hand over a list of politicians who received
free tickets to games last season.

As part of the settlement, the commission agreed to withdraw subpoenas it issued
to owner George Steinbrenner and other top team officials.

The move came one week after the Daily News revealed that Steinbrenner would be
forced to testify at a closed-door inquiry into whether the team violated
regulations by withholding from lobbying reports a list of officials who got
freebie tickets.

A team spokesman denied that the Yankees were trying to butter up public
officials with perks but said the team wanted to leave "no doubt" it was
complying with state lobbying rules.

"The Yankees have not engaged in any lobbying," spokesman Howard Rubenstein said
in a statement. "However, [the commission] has advised us that they believe
certain information needed to be included in reports filed by the Yankees with
the commission."

Commission spokesman Kris Thompson said the Yanks agreed to send the ticket
information to the panel within 30 days.

"It is and always has been about disclosure," he said. "Those who don't disclose
face penalties."

After the commission began its inquiry last year, Mayor Bloomberg ordered city
officials not to accept free Yankee and Mets tickets.

The directive does not apply to Opening Day games because they are considered
ceremonial events.


LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                              465 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 21, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

THE NATION;
Inquiry Into Deaver Lobbying Is Broadened

BYLINE: By Martha A. Miles and Caroline Rand Herron

SECTION: Section 4; Page 4, Column 1; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 305 words


Michael K. Deaver, who has during the Iran arms sale crisis re-emerged as a key
White House adviser, may soon have more troubles of his own to consider.

Last week, the first statement of findings was made public in the six-month
inquiry by a special prosecutor into the lobbying activities of Mr. Deaver, a
longtime friend of the President and Mrs. Reagan, a former deputy White House
chief of staff and now the proprietor of a multimillion dollar lobbying
business.

According to a motion granted by a Federal appeals court, Mr. Deaver's
associates ''may have obstructed justice, given false testimony or made false
statements'' in the course of the investigation. The court broadened the
jurisdiction of the special prosecutor, Whitney North Seymour Jr., to permit the
prosecution of other people and of Mr. Deaver on charges that he lied in
Congressional testimony in May.

Mr. Seymour is investigating allegations that in the conduct of his lobbying
business Mr. Deaver violated Federal ethics laws that for one year bar former
top officials from trying to influence the agencies that once employed them and
ban them from ever acting as representatives on matters in which they
participated ''personally and substantially.''

That is the law that another independent counsel may soon be applying to another
longtime Reagan aide, Lyn Nofziger, who was White House political director.
Administration officials said last week that the Justice Department had decided
to seek a special prosecutor to investigate Mr. Nofziger's lobbying work for the
Wedtech Corporation. The military contractor in the Bronx, which suspended
operations two weeks ago, won a $31 million Army contract in May 1982 after Mr.
Nofizger contacted the White House in in its behalf just four months after his
resignation from the President's staff.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Whitney North Seymour Jr. (AP)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              466 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 2, 2002 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Study Tracks Big Increase in Lobbying Money at Statehouses Around Nation

BYLINE:  By DAVID FIRESTONE

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 542 words


A new study documents a rising flood of lobbying money in state capitals around
the nation, showing that the amount spent on lobbying state legislators and
disclosed by states has nearly doubled in five years.

The study, by the Center for Public Integrity, a nonprofit Washington research
group that monitors money in politics, shows that lobbyists spent $570 million
in 2000 to influence legislators in 34 states, a rise of 91 percent from 1995,
when fewer states reported such spending. Sixteen states still do not tabulate
lobbyist spending, so the national total would be much higher.

The study documented nearly 37,000 businesses, associations and interest groups
that are registered lobbyists in the 50 states, a ratio of about five lobbyists
to every state legislator. The largest lobbying groups in nearly every capital
city were the ones paid by the industries that were most closely regulated:
insurance, education, local governments, and health care.

"It's become a huge business," said Diane Renzulli, a principal author of the
study. "It takes money to access state lawmakers just as it does in Washington,
but in the states there's far less attention to the givers and what they got."

The center, which compiled the lobbyist disclosure forms from each state that
requires them, found that California lobbyists had by far the largest operation,
spending $180 million in 2000, compared with $66 million spent in New York, the
state with the next highest amount.

In part, that is because California's economy is so large and thus the stakes
higher for groups affected by legislation. The authors also noted the penchant
by a full-time legislature, like California's, for considering a great deal of
legislation, which lobbyists are often paid to kill.

But, the report said, lobbyists also wield outsized influence in states with
only a part-time legislature and staff. In states like Indiana, which have only
one legislative aide for every two legislators, lobbyists often write bills
affecting their industries.

State legislators themselves often have close ties to the industries and issues
they vote on, the center found.

The center found that one in five of the nation's 7,400 state legislators sat on
a committee that regulated industries or issues in which they had a personal
financial interest, and that 18 percent had a financial connection to a business
or group that lobbied in their statehouse.

The report included several examples of insurance lawyers who sit on insurance
committees or banking executives who write banking laws. In Arkansas, Ms.
Renzulli said, one legislator was also a registered lobbyist. Though the center
recommends disclosure laws, many large states do not tally lobbying totals,
including Colorado, Michigan and North Carolina. Tennessee does not require
expense reporting by lobbyists.

At the National Conference of State Legislatures, officials acknowledged the
prevalence of lobbying but said the study did not show that it was necessarily
an evil.

"The question is not so much how much money is spent, but what does the money
get them?" said Peggy Kerns, director of the conference's Center for Ethics and
Government. "They're suggesting it buys a special influence, but that's not
necessarily so."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              467 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Sunday Independent

                                August 17, 2014
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

US drug firms act to keep 'Irish base' tax deals

BYLINE: Annie Linskey

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 393 words


US companies that want to lower their tax bills by moving their legal address to
Ireland or other countries have increased their lobbying efforts since April as
the Obama administration and some lawmakers seek to curb the practice. Ireland
has come into the crosshairs of US politicians following a spate of high-profile
tax-inversion-led buyouts.

In total, nine companies that have sought cross-border mergers, or are
considering doing so or are targets of such deals, have begun lobbying against
legislation to stop the practice, federal disclosure reports show.

They include Medtronic Inc., the Minneapolis-based firm trying to acquire
Irishbased Covidien. Medtronic hired Breaux-Lott Leadership Group in June for
$200,000 to block the proposed legislation from moving forward.

The bipartisan lobbying powerhouse includes former US Senators John Breaux and
Trent Lott. One company that hasn't publicly announced an intent to move its
address abroad - Kimberly-Clark Corp., the Dallas-based health care device
manufacturer - added opposition to such legislation to its lobbying report.

Kimberly-Clark is spinning off a healthcare unit.

"There are a lot of reasons why tax reform is stuck in Congress, and one of them
is because big companies with vested interests want it to be stuck," said Adam
Rappaport, a senior counsel at Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in
Washington, which flagged the Medtronic lobbying activity.

"Hiring an army of well-connected lobbyists is probably a good investment on
their part, regardless of whether it is in the country's best interest," he
said.

Democrats and Republicans have criticised the practice of companies moving their
legal addresses out of the US, known as corporate inversions, though each party
has a different approach.

Republicans want to lower the corporate tax rate - now 35pc - as part of a broad
revamp of the US tax code.

Democrats want a more targeted approach to make it effectively impossible for US
companies to buy smaller foreign businesses and take their addresses for tax
purposes.

Legislation to prevent the practice introduced by Carl Levin, a Michigan
Democrat, is stalled in the Senate. A companion measure introduced by his
brother, Representative Sander Levin, is also languishing. President Barack
Obama has directed the US Treasury to find ways in which the administration
could block the deals.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: OBAMA: President has asked US Treasury to find ways to block the tax
deals

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SDI


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              468 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 31, 2003 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Executive Gave Legislators Meals, Sources in Lobbying Inquiry Say

BYLINE:  By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 387 words


A vice president of a private prison company that received millions of dollars
in New York State contracts treated a group of legislators to more than 50 meals
in recent years, according to people involved in inquiries into the company's
activities in Albany.

The company, Correctional Services Corporation, has been gathering documents
related to the work of the vice president, Franklin Chris Jackson, who is no
longer with the company, and has agreed to turn them over to the state lobbying
commission. The commission is examining whether Mr. Jackson was essentially an
unregulated lobbyist who wooed state lawmakers without disclosing his lobbying
as the law requires law. Manhattan and Albany prosecutors are also conducting
their own investigations.

People involved in the inquiry said company records show that Mr. Jackson
routinely took a handful of state lawmakers to meals in New York City. The
expenses were never detailed in the company's lobbying reports. The names of the
lawmakers could not be determined.

The lobbying commission and the company would not comment on the investigation.

Correctional Services sought the aid of Democratic lawmakers from the city in
the late 1990's when Gov. George E. Pataki tried to cut its contracts, and the
lawmakers successfully urged the Assembly speaker, Sheldon Silver, to restore
the money. One focus of the inquiries is the link between lawmakers' efforts on
behalf of the company and any favors that the company bestowed.

One lawmaker, Assemblywoman Gloria Davis of the Bronx, admitted in a Manhattan
court that she accepted transportation from the company in the late 1990's in
return for helping it retain state contracts. After Ms. Davis's admission on
Jan. 7, when she pleaded guilty to unrelated bribery charges, Assemblyman Roger
L. Green of Brooklyn said he, too, had accepted rides to and from Albany in one
of the company's vans. Officials are also examining whether the company gave
cellphones to lawmakers and provided them with office and campaign workers.

The lobbying commission has jurisdiction over the company's activities in
Albany, and the Legislative Ethics Committee investigates the conduct of
lawmakers. State ethics laws prohibit legislators from accepting meals and other
gifts of $75 or more if they are intended to influence decisions.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              469 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             March 12, 2013 Tuesday

Brown: Political background plus for law firm

BYLINE: By Andy Metzger, State House News Service

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 1022 words


BOSTON -- Equipped with firsthand knowledge of how government operates in
Washington, D.C., and on Beacon Hill, Scott Brown will offer political advice in
his new job as an attorney at Nixon Peabody but says he doesn't plan on lobbying
.

The international law firm, with an office in Boston's Financial District,
announced the hiring of the former Republican U.S. senator Monday, and in a
subsequent news conference, Brown did not rule out future runs for office.

"I'm not really going to focus on my political future. Certainly it's something
that I've enjoyed doing for the last 15 or so years. It was the greatest honor
that I ever had, to be a United States senator and represent the people of
Massachusetts," Brown said. "Not quite sure what the future holds. I'll make
that announcement, I would think, in a while."

At Nixon Peabody, Brown will focus on "business and governmental affairs as they
relate to the financial-services industry as well as on commercial real-estate
matters," according to a press release from the law firm, which Brown
distinguished from lobbying at a press conference.

"Obviously, I have a prohibition from lobbying members of Congress for two
years, so I can't lobby members of Congress, but certainly I can instruct the
firm on their making an approach and trying to do something -- the pitfalls and
potential problem areas -- so they can make good decisions moving forward,"
Brown said.

He also said, "I'm not a lobbyist. I don't plan on lobbying. I'll be dealing in
a whole host of areas. Don't forget that I've been an attorney since 1985. I
have a wide range of general practice."

Brown said he would be able to share his "expertise" in "the jungle of
Washington politics."

While Brown said his focus would be on lawyering, not lobbying, the left-wing
media watchdog Media Matters pounced on the announcement, noting that Nixon
Peabody's top lobbying clients include the Council on Affordable Housing & Rural
Development, Sallie Mae, the Monroe County Water Authority, Wegmans Food
Markets, and Goldman Sachs.

In Massachusetts in 2012, according to the Secretary of the Commonwealth's
website, the firm lobbied on behalf of Wegmans, Parkmobile USA, and Converse --
which recently announced plans to move into a soon-to-be redeveloped site on the
North End waterfront.

A Republican who played up his independent and bipartisan credentials, Brown
caught Democrats unawares, winning a special election for U.S. Senate in January
2010 before being defeated last November by U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren. After
announcing he would not run in another special election for the Senate seat
vacated by Secretary of State John Kerry, Brown joined Fox News Channel as a
commentator. Brown has also joined the board of Kadant, a Westford manufacturing
company. Media Matters described Brown's move to Fox as following a "well-worn
path of other Fox-favored candidates."

Asked about the potential for him running for Senate in New Hampshire, Brown
joked that he was also "signing a 10-day contract" with the Boston Celtics, but
the former high-school basketball player turned pol left the door open to a run,
even in the Granite State.

"It's something I read about, actually, and was a little bit surprised about,"
Brown said of the potential run in New Hampshire. "Certainly my mom lives there;
my sister lives there; I have a house there; and I have a lot of good feelings
about New Hampshire. But Massachusetts is my home, and if I do anything in the
future it will most likely be in Massachusetts."

Brown said he would make an endorsement in the special Senate race to replace
Kerry after the primary and said he would have had a good chance in that race,
but declined to comment on the field.

"I felt I would have had a better-than-reasonable shot at winning," Brown said,
mentioning that he did not like the prospect of raising the $30 million to $50
million he thought he would need.

Businessman Gabriel Gomez of Cohasset, former U.S. Attorney Michael Sullivan of
Abington and Rep. Dan Winslow of Norfolk are competing for the Republican
nomination in the Senate race.

A potential candidate in an open governor's race in 2014, Brown will join his
former colleague in the state Legislature and "dear friend," James Vallee, a
Democrat and a former majority leader, who left the Legislature for Nixon
Peabody last year.

"I'm the godfather to his son, so we have a relationship," said Brown. "I've
been learning and understanding the opportunities within Nixon Peabody,
certainly my ability to bring that bipartisan problem-solving to this firm."

Vallee and Brown are both officers in the National Guard, and are from roughly
the same part of the state, with Vallee making his home in Franklin and Brown
living in next-door Wrentham.

Brown also said Nixon Peabody would afford him the time to focus on his other
pursuits, including television appearances.

"For now, Nixon Peabody has provided me with the flexibility that I need to
continue on with my work at Fox and also speaking and doing things that I enjoy
doing," he said.

"Scott's ability to connect people with opportunities is an excellent fit with
Nixon Peabody's culture and strategic priorities," Andrew Glincher, CEO and
managing partner of Nixon Peabody said in a statement. "As we anticipate the
future needs of our clients, we are always looking for innovative ways to add
value. Scott's personality and entrepreneurial spirit will build strong
relationships."

In her successful Senate campaign, Warren portrayed Brown as someone who had the
best interests of Wall Street at heart. The law firm's Boston office overlooks
the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston and the Great Blue Hills beyond. Speaking at
an office on the 25th floor, Brown indicated he would be open to all manner of
clients.

"Anybody who wants to come in the door, and get a good value for their dollar,"
Brown said.

Brown said he believes his wife, former WCVB television reporter Gail Huff,
would be seeking to get back into television journalism.

"She's going to be looking to, I'm presuming, get back into that field," said
Brown, who described his wife as a "hard-working, energetic, fair reporter."

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           October 18, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Public wary of links with lobbyists;
In poll, 80% say it's wrong for relatives to lobby lawmakers

BYLINE: Peter Eisler and Matt Kelley

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 353 words


An overwhelming majority of Americans believe it's wrong for lawmakers and their
staffs to have contact with relatives who are lobbyists regarding government
matters. But a survey of lawmakers suggests they don't see a problem.

A USA TODAY/Gallup Poll shows that 80% of respondents believe such actions are
inappropriate. By contrast, few members of the House and Senate appropriations
committees say they have policies that prevent lobbying by relatives.

Four committee members who responded to a USA TODAY survey have policies that
prevent relatives from lobbying them or their staffs. All are senators: Dick
Durbin, D-Ill., Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and Arlen Specter,
R-Pa.

None of the House members who responded reported having such a policy. The
newspaper surveyed all 94 members of the appropriations committees; 37 answered
the survey.

"We have clearly seen some potential problem areas in this Congress in terms of
the role being played by spouses and relatives," says Fred Wertheimer, head of
the ethics watchdog group Democracy 21. "That really needs to be examined now to
see what kind of rules are necessary to address it."

The USA TODAY/Gallup Poll, taken earlier this month, shows that 72% of
respondents are concerned "a great deal" or "a fair amount" about such lobbyist
contacts.

An investigation by the newspaper found 53 cases last year in which members of
the appropriations committees or their top aides had relatives in the lobbying
business. Of the relatives who sought money in appropriations bills for their
clients, 22 succeeded in getting specific language inserted in the bills that
guaranteed money for the relatives' clients.

"We handle (potential conflicts of interest) by hiring good, professional,
ethical people," says  John Scofield, spokesman for the House Appropriations
Committee.

"If there's any instance in which there's some sort of inappropriate action
being taken at the behest of whoever, that (staffer) would be shown the door."
he said. "Everyone around here knows we won't tolerate that."

Contributing: Will Risser and

Catherine Rampell

*Earmarks' impact on GOP, 7A

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            June 22, 2005 Wednesday

N.Y. REINS IN LOBBY LOOT

BYLINE: KENNETH LOVETT Post Correspondent

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 335 words


ALBANY - Gov. Pataki and legislative leaders yesterday reached a deal to
strengthen the state's lobbying laws.

New York will join more than 20 other states in requiring lobbyists to register
and file public reports when they lobby an agency or the governor's office for
public contracts. Currently, lobbyists only have to register when they are
trying to influence legislation.

Under the new pact, lobbyists will only be allowed to deal with a designated
contact person within a state agency, will be barred from lobbying once the
contract process begins, and can no longer claim fees for a successful lobbying
effort on the local level.

Referring to Alfonse D'Amato, Assemblyman Richard Brodsky (D-Westchester) said,
"I'm calling this Alfonse's law because it finally deals with the kind of
influence peddling [we've] worked to uncover for three years."

It was recently revealed that D'Amato, Pataki's political mentor and now a
lobbyist, got paid $500,000 to place a phone call to the MTA on a client's
behalf.

State leaders have been under pressure to reform the state's lobbying laws to
include procurement lobbying - which can win billion-dollar contracts.

"It's too bad it took a rap sheet-length series of scandals to get it done,"
said Blair Horner, of the New York Public Interest Research Group.

Initial violations of the legislation's provisions could bring a fine of up to
$10,000. A second violation within four years would lead to a ban from any
procurement lobbying for four years. And any violation of the ban on lobbying
during the final process could lead to a fine of up to $50,000.

Cracking down

What the new rules say:

*  Lobbyists trying to influence state agencies or top administration officials
for contracts must register and file public disclosures.

*  Individuals lobbying for a state contract will deal with just one designated
state contact person.

*  Lobbyists will not be able to continue to lobby for their clients once
requests for bids have been made public.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              472 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 15, 2004 Monday

PROBE EYES SILVER'S $UITE DEAL IN VEGAS

BYLINE: FREDRIC U. DICKER State Editor

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 451 words


ALBANY - State investigators have stumbled onto evidence that Assembly Speaker
Sheldon Silver, the state's most powerful Democrat, paid just $109 a night for a
suite that goes for as much as $1,500 at the posh Paris casino in Las Vegas, The
Post has learned.

State Lobbying Commission investigators discovered the discounted rate for
Silver's stay at Paris Las Vegas' Lyons suite - which probers says isn't
normally available to the general public - during a "routine audit" of Caesars
Entertainment's lobbying activity in New York, sources said.

Caesars, which owns the Paris, is one of the world's biggest gambling companies,
and it's spent hundreds of thousands of dollars in recent years lobbying the
state Legislature.

Silver also had dinner with Kim Sinatra, a senior executive of the company,
during his stay.

State lobbying law bars companies from giving lawmakers gifts worth over $75,
and the state Public Officers Law bans public officials from receiving such
gifts if they are intended to influence their official conduct.

Silver confirmed his two-night stay at the hotel, but insisted he had done
nothing wrong. "I went with my wife to San Francisco and stopped in Las Vegas on
the way back for two nights and stayed at the Paris hotel," Silver told The
Post. "I got there, I paid for the room, and I didn't ask for anything."

Silver called Lobbying Commission Executive Director David Grandeau "a
Republican operative" in danger of being fired and claimed he was out to get
him. "He's been fighting with [Attorney General Eliot] Spitzer, and he's now
desperately trying to save his job," Silver said.

Grandeau refused to comment on Silver's charges.

Calls by a commission prober to the hotel determined that the Lyons suite is
made available only to special gambling guests for $1,500 a night.

A lobbyist for Caesars told The Post that the Lyons suite did rent in January
2002, when Silver stayed at the Paris, for as much as $400 a night but insisted
neither Caesars nor Silver had done anything wrong.

Lobbyist James Featherstonhaugh, who was paid $180,000 last year to represent
the company, said business was slow at all Vegas hotels that January in the wake
of the 9/11 attacks and that the Lyons suite was rented just eight times that
month.

He said the company charged Silver "the government rate."

Lobbying Commission Spokesman Chris Thompson refused to discuss details of
Silver's stay saying: "We are not concerned with any public official. This is
about a routine audit."

----

A CUT BELOW

Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver reportedly got to stay at the posh Paris Las
Vegas hotel for only $109 a night.

'I got there, I paid for the room, and I didn't ask for anything.' -Sheldon
Silver

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -Paris Las Vegas  -Sheldon Silver -Paris Las Vegas

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              473 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 4, 2004 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

As Convention Nears, State Clarifies Rule on Gifts

BYLINE: By AL BAKER

SECTION: Section B; Column 4; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 286 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Aug. 3


The state's Temporary Commission on Lobbying signaled on Tuesday that any gifts
given to delegates or other officials attending the Republican National
Convention could come under scrutiny.

In a unanimous advisory opinion, the commissioners made it clear that the
state's ban on accepting gifts worth more than $75 from lobbyists applies to the
parties and events around the convention, which is being held from Aug. 30 to
Sept. 2 in New York City.

The ruling comes less than a week after the lobbying commission began looking
into free convention-week goodies lavished by corporations on New York
politicians who attended the Democratic National Convention in Boston. The
commission has already sent out letters to three companies -- Eastman Kodak,
KeySpan and Citigroup Inc. -- seeking information about events they sponsored in
Boston, a state official has said.

When questioned about that, David M. Grandeau, the lobbying commission's
executive director, said, ''As you are aware, I have been asked by the
commissioners not to comment on any matters that are investigatory in nature.''

What prompted the commissioners' action was a July 21 inquiry from Jeffrey T.
Buley, the state counsel to the Bush re-election campaign and the general
counsel to the Republican State Committee, who was seeking to head off any
potential problems before the parties planned for the Republican convention got
under way.

''I'm just trying to protect my clients' interest. I want to be careful,'' Mr.
Buley said Tuesday as the commissioners met in closed session. ''We spot it as a
potential issue.'' After the commissioners issued their opinion, Mr. Buley said
he was not fully satisfied with it. He declined to comment further.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              474 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                             May 2, 2007 Wednesday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

CITY LOBBYING HARD FOR SHARE OF BILLIONS FOR INFRASTRUCTURE

BYLINE: BY HARRISON SHEPPARD Sacramento Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. N1

LENGTH: 1008 words


SACRAMENTO -- As California cities compete for billions of dollars for
infrastructure projects, Los Angeles wields two distinct advantages: the biggest
lobbying budget and a charismatic, Sacramento-savvy mayor.

Last year, Los Angeles spent about $760,000 on lobbying in Sacramento.

And in just the first three months of 2007, the city spent about $297,000, more
than San Diego and San Francisco combined spent on lobbying during all of last
year, according to financial reports filed this week.

But while most of L.A.'s lobbying is done by consultants and city employees in
Sacramento and Washington, D.C., political observers say the city's best
lobbyist is Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa.

``When he makes an appearance in Sacramento, he exercises a lot more clout than
the lobbyists would -- or past mayors,'' said Bob Stern, president of the Los
Angeles-based Center for Governmental Studies.

``He knows how to push the buttons. He knows where the power centers are. On top
of that, he's a very charismatic guy who has a future.''

As a former Assembly speaker and a likely gubernatorial candidate, Villaraigosa
knows key players and carries significant authority in Sacramento.

``Villaraigosa going to Sacramento is like (Gov. Arnold) Schwarzenegger going to
Washington,'' Stern said. ``They both get attention wherever they go. It's
harder to say no to a popular public figure than to a lobbyist.''

Villaraigosa demonstrated that power last year when he corralled reluctant
lawmakers into passing legislation designed to give him more control over the
Los Angeles Unified School District.

The mayor's political committee supporting the effort spent more than $1.1
million in Sacramento. And when the legislation was in danger of failing, the
mayor repeatedly visited the Capitol to exert his influence and charm.

Working hallways

Even when the vote fell short on its first tally, Villaraigosa pressed his case
with lawmakers in the hallways. Ultimately, the measure squeaked by on
three-vote margins in both houses.

Some lawmakers privately acknowledged that the mayor's personality and his
potential to be governor someday played a bigger role in their decision than the
bill's merits.

The mayor's personal lobbying efforts also made key differences in advancing a
405 Freeway interchange project and landing more transportation funding for Los
Angeles.

But that mettle will be tested as agencies across California battle for their
share of $42 billion in voter-approved state bond funds and as lawmakers tackle
a $100 billion state budget.

``The mayor's top legislative priority is to ensure Los Angeles receives its
share of funding from the statewide infrastructure bonds,'' said Villaraigosa
spokeswoman Janelle Erickson.

``This includes funding for mass transit, street maintenance, highways and local
streets and roads. It also includes funding for housing, both affordable and for
the homeless, and lastly funding to green Los Angeles, which includes
revitalizing the river, planting a million trees and creating open space and ...
parks.''

And attempts to land more state and federal money come at a key time for Los
Angeles, which faces a sharply tightened budget and strained resources.

To help its efforts in Washington, the city relies on four internal lobbyists
and last year also reported paying about $380,000 to outside lobbyists.

In Sacramento, the city spends roughly $800,000 a year on lobbying efforts, much
of it through membership in advocacy groups.

Paying dues

During the 2005-06 legislative session, the city paid $542,000 to the Southern
California Association of Governments; $29,000 to the South Bay Cities Council
of Governments; and $183,000 to the League of California Cities.

Last year, the city reported spending about $188,000 on its two-person internal
lobbying team of Andrew Antwih and Silvia Solis in Sacramento.

The quiet-spoken Antwih, a native of Los Angeles, worked for nine years as
consultant to the Assembly Transportation Committee before being hired by
Villaraigosa in late 2005.

``I have found Andrew to be very thorough, extremely smart, an excellent
strategic thinker and he's very knowledgeable,'' said Assemblyman Mike Feuer,
D-West Hollywood, who is also a former Los Angeles city councilman.

``And I have come to consider Andrew somebody who not only comes to lobby me,
but whom I can call to strategize about a variety of issues.''

The city's lobbying efforts included 45 bills last year, although only a handful
were directly related to city interests. More commonly, city lobbyists weighed
in on more general topics such as minimum wage and global warming.

Four of the five city-related bills for which the city lobbied passed and were
signed by the governor.

Those included the mayor's LAUSD takeover, a bill requested by the Community
Redevelopment Agency to allow special parking for ride-sharing programs, and a
bill allowing the Department of Water and Power and other utilities to charge
special fees to other public agencies such as school districts.

A bill to add another Los Angeles-appointed seat to the South Coast Air Quality
Management Board failed.

And Villaraigosa's clout has not gone unchallenged. While the mayor did manage
to get substantial funding for transportation, the city still received less than
Alameda County, which is significantly smaller.

Still, many expect Villaraigosa's star power to go far.

Brendan Huffman, president of the Valley Industry and Commerce Association, has
accompanied the mayor on lobbying trips to Washington, and was astonished at the
treatment he received.

``Last year, I remember walking behind him through the halls of Rayburn
(congressional office building), and interns and staff members coming out of
congressional offices to see him walk down,'' Huffman said. ``I thought, this
must be like when a rock star comes to the Hill to testify.''

``Having interned on the Hill twice, I don't remember many people generating
much excitement like he did by just being there.''

Staff Writer Lisa Friedman contributed to this report.

harrison.sheppard@dailynews.com

(916) 446-6723

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: chart
 Chart: Lobbying expenditures SOURCE: Daily News research

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              475 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Merrill Lynch Tops $1 Million in Lobbying California Officials on Orange County
Fiasco

                            April 18, 1996, Thursday

By Joe Bel Bruno

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES



Seeking to put out its side of the Orange County story, Merrill Lynch & Co.
spent more than $1 million lobbying the California Legislature in 1995, a
massive increase on 1994's total of $15,000, according to a report by the
California secretary of state.

The report released on Tuesday said Merrill Lynch spent a total of $1,055,948
last year as a means to influence legislative and administrative decisions. The
amount puts the firm near the top of the list of spenders during that time
period.

Andrew Sieg, a spokesman for Merrill, said the Wall Street giant needed to spend
that amount to educate lawmakers about the Orange County bankruptcy. The county
filed a lawsuit against Merrill Lynch last year accusing the firm of selling it
improper and illegal investments that resulted in losses now estimated at $1.69
billion.

"We spent this money to inform the Legislature of the truth about the
bankruptcy, that the responsibility for Orange County's financial problems rests
with county officials," Sieg said yesterday.

Merrill Lynch has denied any wrongdoing in its role in the bankruptcy.

In comparison, Orange County spent $426,912 in 1995 for its lobbying efforts.
The Orange County Transportation Authority, which took one of the largest losses
from the bankruptcy, racked up $198,760 last year. The Orange County Investment
Pool Committee also spent about $80,000.

Orange County's bankruptcy attorney, Bruce Bennett, did not return telephone
calls yesterday. The county also did not issue a statement on the amount Merrill
spent.

This was a record-breaking year for lobbying in California, according to the
report. A total of $131.6 million was spent lobbying state government officials
- about $4 million more than last year.

State Farm Insurance Co. spent the most in 1995 with nearly $1.6 million spent
on lobbying. Merrill Lynch ranked 10th in the state.

Merrill Lynch used its lobbying efforts to weigh in on some investment reform
bills and represent itself during Senate hearings on the Orange County
bankruptcy in Sacramento, according to a spokesman. Merrill Lynch lobbied
against more than 18 bills, many of which were introduced to reform state
investment rules.

SECTION: THE REGIONS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 367 words

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              476 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                              June 6, 2003 Friday

Report: Gambling interests pay largest fees to lobbyists

BYLINE: John O'Connor

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 900 words


Coming into this year's legislative session, conventional wisdom held that tight
budgets and the potential legalization of gambling would lead to a glut of
lobbying dollars in Annapolis.

Gambling interests did drop more than $2.5 million pushing for slot machines at
state race tracks, according to documents filed with the State Ethics
Commission, but lobbyists said -- for the most part -- the potential windfall
never arrived.

"Other than the gaming issue, I don't think there was any emphasis or usual
expenditure on lobbying fees," said Bruce Bereano, who appears to have led all
lobbyists in earnings during the six-month period ending April 30 with more than
$610,000 in fees despite having no gambling clients. "It really doesn't surprise
me at all. The media makes a big to-do about it."

Berano's biggest business clients include cable television giant Comcast,
government services contractor Maximus and transportation firm DMJM Harris, but
those companies never felt compelled to battle various General Assembly tax
bills, Bereano said, because first-year Republican Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr.
staked out his anti-tax position early in the session and stuck with it.

But for some, working for the various racing, gambling, casino and slot machine
companies proved lucrative.

The owners and associates of Pimlico and Laurel Park racetracks spread nearly $1
million on the issue, while Indianapolis-based Centaur spent another $500,000.
Horse owners, breeders and the Maryland Fairgrounds also added to the
multi-million dollar total.

Nicholas G. Manis, who represented Harrah's casinos during the session and
earned about $215,000 during the reporting period, was surprised by the amount
spent on gambling lobbying.

"When I saw the headline I was like 'Whoa,'" he said. "We didn't get paid
anything close to that."

The budget deficit, Manis said, had little to do with driving new business.

"We saw an increase in business," he said, "but no more or less than we usually
see."

While gambling may have driven the most lobbying activity and money, there were
a number of other lower profile business issues where lobbying reports hint at
behind-the-scenes battles:

Pepco spent at least $159,000 lobbying General Assembly members on a number of
bills, most prominently a failed measure that would automatically switch
Montgomery and Prince George's counties' customers away from Pepco and into a
new cooperative buying program.

When rate caps in the two counties are removed next year, customers would have
had to provide written confirmation that they wished to remain with Pepco, a
practice opponents compared to "slamming," where phone companies would switch a
customer's service without consent.

Other energy companies such as Allegheny, Constellation and Mirant, spent at
least an additional $150,000. In 1999, as the state debated deregulation,
lobbying money from power companies poured in the state.

There was a rush of transportation money to Annapolis as groups hoped to take
advantage of the Ehrlich administration's philosophy on transportation, which is
very different from that of predecessor Parris N. Glendening. Former Maryland
Department of Transportation Secretary David Winstead and Carolyn T. Burridge
were two of the biggest benefactors, especially from groups looking to build
highways instead of mass transit.

Telecommunications and information technology interests spent at least $325,000
on various issues ranging from procurement to taxes to regulations. Among those
clients were Comcast, WorldCom, Avaya and eBay.

For issue advocacy groups, said Eric Gally, a lobbyist for the American Cancer
Society, Marylanders Against Handgun Abuse and others, there was little change
this year. Though his groups worried about what position Ehrlich might have on a
bill, he said, the first step was still to lobby the bill through the
Legislature.

"From my point of view," Gally said, "my folks were going out full bore. ... It
pretty much stayed the same."

The bigger change, Gally and other lobbyists said, came from all the new faces
that swept into the capital city in January. Along with Ehrlich, there were four
new committee heads in the Senate as well as a new House Speaker and reorganized
committees in the other chamber.

New personalities and politics, lobbyists said, often left them stabbing in the
dark while pushing their points of view. The legislative session was well
underway, Gally said, before lobbyists learned the nuances of the new State
House cast.

For Burridge, an outspoken Republican, the new administration also meant new
business. Ehrlich is not providing a helping hand for her mostly-business
clients, she said, but he is more willing to listen.

"Even on bad days it was good. It's been pretty lonely out there." Burridge
said. "I stand in line and my clients stand in line, but quite frankly, my
business has grown significantly."

Burridge and Alexander & Cleaver lobbyist Robin Shaivitz were the
highest-earning women in Annapolis, with both earning more than $300,000. After
Bereano, D. Robert Enten also earned just over $600,000. Gary Alexander, partner
at Alexander & Cleaver, broke $500,000 in earnings, as did Joseph A. Schwartz
III, Alan Rifkin, Joel D. Rozner and Dennis McCoy.

Most of the states top lobbyists reported earnings similar to those of 2002.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires


                              477 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           February 8, 1996, Thursday

EPPARD CLIENTS ANN M. EPPARD'S LOBBYING FEES FOR 1995.

BYLINE: Ann Eppard & Associates, Clerk of the House of; Representatives.

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 428 words


LOBBYING LEGISLATIVE

CLIENT FEES INTEREST

Conrail* $ 50,000 ICC termination

Fastship Atlantic Inc.* $ 50,000 Title XI ship

construction loans

Natural Disaster Coalition $ 40,000 Backing for

disaster relief fund

Metropolitan Washington $ 37,500 Administrative reform

Airports Authority

Shuster for Congress $ 36,000 Fundraising, political

Committee consulting

Pennsylvania Turnpike $ 33,332 Highway funding

Commission

Amtrak $ 30,000 Funding & privatization

Puerto Rico Department of $ 21,110 Transportation

Highways & Transportation

Outdoor Advertisers Assn.  $ 20,000 Billboards on

of America scenic byways

Federal Express Corp.  $ 18,333 Japan bilateral

aviation relations

Los Angeles County $ 16,665 Transportation

Mass Transportation Authority

American Road and $ 15,000 Highway construction

Transportation Builders funding

Ocean Common Carrier $ 12,450 Ocean shipping

Coalition* deregulation

Regulated Common $ 12,000 ICC termination,

Carrier Commission trucking

Frito-Lay Inc.  $ 10,000 Truck safety regulation

GTE $ 9,333 Transportation

Union Pacific Co. $ 9,000 ICC termination

Board of County Commissioners $ 8,402 Transportation

of Dade County, Fla.

United Airlines $ 8,333 Japan bilateral aviation

I-73/74 Association, $ 6,667 Transportation

North Carolina

OMI Corp.  $ 1,666 Alaska oil exports,

tankers

Southeastern Economic $ 1,666 Transportation

Development Corp.*

Panhandle Eastern Co $ 833 International shipping,

pipelines

TOTAL $ 448,290 ALL TRANSPORTATION RELATED

*terminated lobbying contract before year end.

Note: Actual fees are higher in some cases because contracts call for services
other than federal lobbying. Amtrak's contract, for example, called for a $
100,000 annual payment. Also, not all clients are listed.


LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: See related items: 1)Lobbyist's '95 Revenue Could Top $ 1 Million,
on

GRAPHIC: TABLE

                  Copyright 1996 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              478 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             April 23, 2010 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Financial industry taps D.C. insiders;
Uses money in attempt to blunt rules

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 529 words


WASHINGTON -- Financial services companies increased their spending to influence
Congress during the first three months of the year, while also hiring
well-connected lobbyists to press their case on new Wall Street regulations,
federal records show.

Investment firm Goldman Sachs, charged with civil fraud last week, spent nearly
$1.2 million on lobbying during 2010's first quarter, federal reports show -- a
nearly 72% increase over its spending during the same period in 2009.

Spending by Citigroup, meanwhile, topped $1.4 million, a 13.5% increase over the
same period last year, according to an analysis by the non-partisan Center for
Responsive Politics.

Last month, the Wall Street giant also hired the Senate's former Republican
leader, Trent Lott of Mississippi, and his lobbying partner, Democratic former
Louisiana senator John Breaux, to handle tax issues for the firm and to lobby
their former colleagues on the financial bill.

"Almost across the board, most of the large financial institutions are spending
more in the first quarter of this year, and it speaks to the prominence of the
financial reform issue that they face," said Dave Levinthal of the Center for
Responsive Politics.

The proposed legislation, now moving through the Senate, aims to rein in the
high-risk financial practices that triggered a Wall Street crisis at the end of
2008. The bill has faced opposition from an array of business groups -- from
investment firms concerned about Washington's efforts to regulate derivatives
and other complicated financial instruments to payday lenders and auto dealers.
They have tried to shield themselves from the policing powers of a proposed
consumer protection agency.

On Thursday, President Obama traveled to New York City to urge Wall Street
bankers to support the new oversight and decried "the furious effort of industry
lobbyists to shape this legislation to their special interests."

"The only people who ought to fear the kind of oversight and transparency that
we're proposing are those whose conduct will fail this scrutiny," the president
said.

Officials with Citigroup and Goldman declined to comment on their lobbying.

Other groups reporting an uptick in lobbying include the Financial Services
Roundtable, which spent nearly $2.7 million on lobbying during the first three
months of the year, compared with $2.3 million during the same period in 2009.
Meanwhile, the Financial Service Centers of America, which represents companies
that offer payday loans along with check-cashing and similar services, argues
that it should not be subject to the bill's reach because "our industry had
nothing to do with the financial meltdown," said Ed D'Alessio, the group's
deputy general counsel. It hired former Oklahoma senator Don Nickles, a
Republican who sat on the Senate Finance Committee, to lobby on their behalf
last month, records show.

"We're not like the Wall Street groups who have a big national voice," D'Alessio
said. "We needed someone to help get our message heard on Capitol Hill. ... You
don't get heard up there unless you have the appropriate people who can
represent your case for you."

Nickles was unavailable for an interview Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Ryan Moore, Hattiesburg American
PHOTO, B/W, '05 photo by Leslie Smith Jr., USA TODAY
GRAPHIC, B/W

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              479 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 31, 2002 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Getting Out of Dodge?

BYLINE: Judy Sarasohn

SECTION: A SECTION; SPECIAL INTERESTS JUDY SARASOHN; Pg. A23

LENGTH: 869 words


Is beleaguered Enron shuttering its Washington lobby shop, once home to a dozen
or so lobbyists and regulatory folks, today? Our sources report that Linda
Robertson, Enron's vice president for federal government affairs, has been
packing boxes, and will be turning out the lights.

Robertson, a Treasury Department official in the Clinton administration, could
not be reached for comment yesterday. Enron spokesman Mark Palmer said he was
not aware of the office closing, noting that the company still has pipeline
regulatory issues to deal with in Washington.

In other matters, Palmer said a $ 1 million discrepancy in the company's
lobbying expenses report to Congress was easily explainable.

The Center for Responsive Politics earlier this week accused the energy company
of under-reporting its lobbying expenditures by $ 960,000 in the first half of
2001. The center compared Enron's report to Congress and the disclosures filed
by Enron's outside lobbyists. Enron had reported spending $ 825,000 on lobbying
for the first half of 2001, the center said, while outside lobbyists reported
receiving fees of $ 1,785,000 from Enron.

A company is required by law to disclose what it spends on lobbying, both by
in-house lobbyists and hired guns.

Palmer said about $ 300,000 of the discrepancy was due to the timing of bill
payments and congressional filing deadlines. Indeed, some of the $ 525,000 that
Quinn Gillespie & Associates reported receiving from Enron in the first half of
2001 was actually paid in the third quarter, according to partner Ed Gillespie.

The rest of the discrepancy, Palmer said, was actually not for lobbying but
payment for negotiating a contract dispute with the Tennessee Valley Authority.

"In this environment, everybody is being extremely conservative," Palmer said.

The Enron debacle, of course, has spilled out into the accounting industry, with
much of the blame being heaped on the company's now-fired accounting firm,
Arthur Andersen. So, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants is
getting some "strategic communications" advice from the Weiser Group to help get
its message across to Congress and the public.

With offices in Chicago and New York, the Weiser Group recently opened a
Washington office and brought Joy Howell on board as a managing principal.

She previously served as director of public affairs at the Federal
Communications Commission under then-Chairman William Kennard and communications
director for Sen. Robert G. Torricelli (R-N.J.).

"Working for 'The Torch' and Bill Kennard at the FCC was excellent preparation
for working with a client who's in the line of fire, Howell said.

The Wexler Group, known for its Democratic founder and former Carterite Anne
Wexler, is changing its name Friday to Wexler & Walker Public Policy Associates.
Wexler said the name change is designed "to make people realize the bipartisan
nature" of the lobby shop. Former representative Robert S. Walker (R-Pa.) joined
the firm in 1997.

In addition, Wexler & Walker and Hill & Knowlton Public Affairs Worldwide, both
companies within the WPP Group (the Wexler Group has been owned by Hill &
Knowlton Inc. since 1990), have formed "a strategic alliance" to give their
clients a greater opportunity to take advantage of each company's strengths.

Although both companies could have been working together as closely since 1990,
"we never did it very much," Wexler acknowledged. "No question but competition
has increased enormously, and having that capability and not using it is
ridiculous," she said.

Howard G. Paster, chief executive of Hill & Knowlton Inc., said doing "a little
retooling and refreshing" is a good idea.

The bitter fighting that broke out last month among past and current officials
of the American League of Lobbyists over alleged conflicts of interest continued
this week.

When last we visited this story, six past presidents -- Elaine Acevedo, Wright
Andrews, Penny Farthing, Richard Kimberly, Howard Marlowe and Wade Williams --
had sent a memo to league officials expressing concern about business dealings
of ALL President James Albertine and past president Ken Feltman. Albertine and
Feltman say they have done nothing inappropriate.

The board met Monday in executive session and Albertine later released a
statement that said in part: "In light of possibly misleading leaks to the
press, the Board reexamined its prior actions regarding a proposed conflict of
interest policy and asked its President to appoint several board members to
investigate the conduct of the League's past presidents, the allegations in the
past presidents' memorandum and the response presented at the meeting, the
League's confidentiality policy and other issues surrounding the dissemination
of the past presidents' memorandum."

Andrews, Farthing and Williams said they and Kimberly were turned away from the
meeting by Albertine's lawyer.

"We're taking a deep breath" and waiting to see what ALL's board does next, said
Williams.

Martina L. Bradford is leaving Lucent Technologies Inc., where she was corporate
vice president for global public affairs, for Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld.
Earlier, she was a corporate vice president at AT&T.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              480 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                            December 7, 2009 Monday

Comcast Plus NBC Equals Lobby Frenzy

BYLINE: Bennett Roth, Roll Call staff

LENGTH: 772 words


Comcast Corp.'s intention to take over NBC Universal is expected to spark a
lobbying frenzy on Capitol Hill as lawmakers prepare to hold hearings on the
mega-deal.

The Philadelphia-based cable provider has built up a formidable, bipartisan
lobbying presence in Washington, D.C., that includes two dozen outside firms as
well as a sizeable in-house team. In the first three quarters of this year, the
company spent just more than $9 million on federal lobbying.

NBC's parent company, General Electric Co., has an even bigger lobbying
footprint, shelling out more than $18.6 million in the first nine months of this
year to influence lawmakers and federal officials.

However, the announced deal could also provoke the opposition of rival media
giants such as Walt Disney Co., which owns ABC, as well as consumer groups and
organized labor.

"Everybody will be up there [on Capitol Hill]. This is a big deal," said Art
Brodsky, a spokesman for Public Knowledge, which advocates for consumer rights
on the Internet. Brodsky said there is a concern that Comcast's takeover of NBC
could result in the company "locking up programming online."

Comcast over the years has shrewdly worked the Hill, he said.

"They have friends on both sides of the aisle," Brodsky said.

The cable provider does not plan to dramatically expand its team to push the
deal through official Washington.

"We are happy and comfortable with the inside and outside team we have," said
Sena Fitzmaurice, a Comcast spokeswoman. The company has a Washington office of
15 to 20 people, which includes secretaries and office assistants.

Leading the Congressional and White House lobbying effort is Melissa Maxfield,
who has been vice president of federal government affairs since 2008.

Previously, Maxfield held a number of political positions with Congressional
Democrats, including director of former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle's
(S.D.) leadership political action committee and political liaison for the
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee.

Focusing on Senate Democrats is Joe Trahern, the senior director of federal
government affairs who worked for Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) and
Sen. Byron Dorgan (D-N.D.), who sits on the Commerce, Science and Transportation
Committee. Trahern joined Comcast last summer after working in the Washington
office of General Motors Co.

Lobbying Senate Republicans falls to Lindsey Dickinson, who worked for Sen. Kay
Bailey Hutchison (R-Texas), also a member of the Commerce Committee.

Focusing on the House side is Sam Lancaster, who worked for former Speaker
Dennis Hastert (R-Ill.), and Peter Filon, who worked for Rep. John Dingell
(D-Mich.).

Kathy Zachem, vice president of regulatory affairs, is the top person on the
Comcast lobbying team responsible for handling approvals at federal agencies and
commissions, including the Federal Communications Commission and Department of
Justice.

One new hire in Comcast's Washington office this month is Jordan Goldstein, a
former staff member at the FCC who had previously worked for Newstar Satellite
Systems Corp. Goldstein was hired before the deal was announced.

Comcast has also snatched up a blue-chip group of outside lobbying firms that
include the Duberstein Group, DLA Piper, Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck,
GrayLoeffler and Wexler & Walker Public Policy Associates.

The Comcast lobbying crew is expected to work along with the General Electric
and NBC team on Capitol Hill.

Comcast executives, including CEO Brian Roberts, are expected to travel to
Washington soon to hold meetings with officials.

But one industry insider said he expected Comcast to do the heavy lifting.

"In most of these deals, the buyer does all the work. In this case, that would
be Comcast," the expert said.

General Electric's Washington office referred calls to NBC's New York office,
which did not respond to a request for comment on their lobbying.

Comcast is likely to face some skeptical questioning on the Hill.

In the House, Judiciary Chairman John Conyers (D-Mich.) has announced his
intention to hold a hearing on the deal.

Sen. Jay Rockefeller (D-W.Va.), chairman of the Commerce Committee, and Sen.
Herb Kohl (D-Wis.), chairman of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust,
Competition Policy and Consumer Rights, have also called for hearings and have
expressed early concerns.

"I have some serious questions about the deal announced for Comcast to assume
control of NBC Universal," Rockefeller said in a statement.

"When major media companies swell to control both content and distribution, we
need to make sure consumers are not left with lesser content and higher rates,"
Rockefeller added.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 Roll Call, Inc.


                              481 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 13, 2005 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Very Ripe State Government

SECTION: Section 14LI; Column 1; Long Island Weekly Desk; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 511 words


If there is a lush, green valley for lobbyists, it must look a lot like Albany.
In every state building, in every agency in New York's state capital, there are
easy pickings for those peddling the wares of the rich, the powerful, the big
special interests.

If these high-priced salesmen and saleswomen are seeking favorable legislation,
they must register as lobbyists. But if they are trying to land state contracts
-- contracts that can be worth many millions of dollars -- they can operate
almost invisibly. Furthermore, changing a state law at least requires the votes
of 212 lawmakers and the governor. Arranging a state contract requires little
more than a cozy tete-a-tete between a state official and a guy in a smart silk
suit.

It will not be easy to sell the present state government on the idea of
requiring lobbyists to register before they try to influence the awarding of
state contracts. But this single reform would be one of the biggest improvements
in decades in the way the state does its $100 billion business.

In the last two years, Gov. George E. Pataki and the Legislature have talked and
talked and talked about extending the lobbying regulations to cover state
contracts. The governor has even issued an edict that requires agencies to
reveal who is lobbying for what. But somehow, a law is never passed.

Many reasons are offered, many fingers pointed. But the underlying reason why
nothing is done is simple. The people who would be most affected by public
disclosure are the very same people who grease the wheels of government, who
attend dozens and dozens of fund-raisers for the very lawmakers who must pass
this big, important lobbying law. Such cycles are hard to break.

Last Monday, as it has before, the Assembly passed a strong bill to curb
procurement lobbying. Senator George H. Winner Jr., a Republican from Elmira,
introduced a similarly strong bill for the Senate last week. Mr. Pataki's aides
say the governor also plans to push an expansion of lobbying laws in a package
of four ethics bills, as a follow-up to his State of the State address in
January. One bill would ban lobbying for state contracts altogether. The
governor is also planning to push for another bill, closer to the Assembly and
Senate versions, that would require lobbyists working the state agencies to
register with the lobbying commission.

The governor's complete ban on contract lobbying would be a good idea. The
question is whether it would work in the real world. Some legislators are
concerned that an outright ban on lobbying could be thrown out by the courts,
perhaps as an infringement on free speech. Other good-government advocates,
concerned that lobbyists will find a way around such a ban, say that it would be
better to know what they are up to by requiring them to register, as they do for
the Legislature.

The differences between Mr. Pataki's proposals and the Legislature's are not
major and could be easily worked out if all parties really wanted to do so. In
Albany, that is too often a very large ''if.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              482 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                 October 7, 1994, Friday, INTERNATIONAL EDITION

GOP filibuster sinks lobbying bill in Senate

BYLINE: Tamara Henry

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 164 words


The Senate on Thursday killed a landmark lobbying-reform bill, the last attempt
this year to clean up Congress.

"A Republican-led filibuster has killed the toughest lobbying-reform and
gift-ban law that Congress has been able to consider in decades," said Sen. Carl
Levin, a Michigan Democrat and prime sponsor of the measure.

The 52-to-46 vote marked the second failure in as many weeks to change how
Congress does business. Last week, a GOP filibuster killed campaign finance
reform.

The same Republican tactic failed on Wednesday, however, when the Senate voted
to pass an education funding bill that President Clinton had made the
centerpiece of his education initiatives.

The Senate voted 77-20 to renew the $ 12 billion Elementary and Secondary
Education Act after breaking a filibuster by Republicans hoping to tighten
school prayer protections.

The bill provides $ 7.4 billion for Chapter I, which sets the stage for more
funding for poor school districts.

LOAD-DATE: October 08, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              483 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           December 21, 2014, Sunday

STATEHOUSE BEAT;
Lobbying changes in store in 2015

BYLINE: Phil Kabler

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 889 words


With the pending change of control of the state Legislature, it would be
reasonable to think that the 300-odd lobbyists who will spend two months trying
to persuade the new Legislature to pass (or defeat) particular bills would also
be in for a transformation.

There are some new faces among the 299 lobbyists who have registered with the
state Ethics Commission as of Friday, but for the most part, the 2015 lobbyists'
guide will be full of familiar faces.

One newbie lobbyist that's a nod to new regime is Conrad Lucas, chairman of the
state Republican Party.

Lucas' clients, to date, include BrickStreet Insurance, Northwood Health
Systems, and Capitol Resources LLC. The latter is a Jackson, Miss.-based
lobbying, political fundraising and government relations firm that is adding
West Virginia as the seventh state it operates in. (The others are Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Tennessee and Mississippi.)

---

Missing, to date, in the list of registered lobbyists is Lucas' counterpart in
the Democratic Party, Larry Puccio.

Puccio's story is well known: Almost immediately after leaving the Manchin
administration as the governor's chief of staff, Puccio hung out his shingle as
a lobbyist in January 2010 and scored a variety of big-time clients. (Later that
year, he was elected state Democratic Party chairman.)

In the 2014 session, his client roster included Charles Town Races/Hollywood
Casino, The Greenbrier, Frontier Communications, FirstEnergy, Ohio Valley
Medical Center, WVU Research Corp., United Health Systems, Southern Coal Corp.,
the West Virginia Hospitality and Travel Association, the West Virginia Press
Association, Anheuser-Busch Inc., among others.

During that session, Puccio managed something of a lobbyist coup, convincing the
Legislature - in the final 36 hours of the session - to accept an amendment to a
routine bill renewing state Tourism Development Tax Credits that would allow The
Greenbrier's Jim Justice to recoup up to $25 million of the costs of building an
$80 million medical institute at the resort.

It was later learned that about a week earlier, Puccio had taken Senate
President Jeff Kessler, D-Marshall, and House Speaker Tim Miley, D-Harrison, to
dinner to go over the proposal. (According to Puccio's lobbyist disclosure, that
dinner cost over $104 per person.)

Could Puccio have worked the same lobbying magic in a Republican-controlled
Legislature? That remains to be seen.

---

While Ethics Commission Executive Director Rebecca Stepto put out the word
strongly encouraging lobbyists to register for the 2015 session by last Monday,
the Ethics Act sets no specific deadline, simply requiring individuals to
register before they begin lobbying.

(Stepto set the Dec. 15 date in hopes of making the print edition of the
commission's Directory of Registered Lobbyists available on, or close to, the
start of the regular session on Jan. 14. In past years, the directory has been
known to arrive after the midway point of the 60-day session.)

I called Puccio on Friday to determine if his absence on the 2015 lobbyists list
was a timing issue, or whether he had decided to take a pass on lobbying a
GOP-controlled Legislature.

"I'll be there lobbying. I'm just getting the paperwork done, said Puccio, who
said his secretary is on vacation, and said he'll register with the Ethics
Commission when she gets back after Christmas.

As for the makeup of the 2015 Legislature, Puccio said he's always worked with
both Democrats and Republicans in the Legislature.

"What's good for the state is good for the state, he said, describing the
nonpartisan nature of valid legislative proposals.

---

Including Puccio, there's practically a whole roster of former or current state
Democratic Party chairmen who will be lobbying the GOP-controlled Legislature.

After taking a hiatus to run against that guy from Maryland, Nick Casey has
re-registered as a lobbyist for 2015, and while he's currently down a couple of
clients from what he had in 2013, being nearly a month out from the start of the
session, that could be a matter of timing, in terms of getting contracts
finalized, etc.

Former chairman and longtime lobbyist Steve White is also registered for 2015,
and his client list is exactly the same as in 2014, including the Wheeling
Island Racetrack and Casino and Interstate Gas Supply Inc.

Meanwhile, all of the big-name, big-client-list lobbyists are back, including
Joe Gollehon, Paul Hardesty, Tom Heywood, Phil Reale, Nelson Robinson, Louis
Southworth, Thom Stevens and Larry Swann.

---

Finally, speaking of the state Democratic Party, it updated its website last
week for the first time since Election Day, with a "Demo Memo blasting Rep.
Shelley Moore Capito, R-W.Va., for her "greedy behavior in voting for the $1.1
trillion federal spending bill - a bill that also rolls back financial reforms
and includes a ten-fold increase in the maximum federal campaign contributions,
to $324,000.

"Sadly, Congresswoman Capito will continue to side with big banks and wealthy
individuals over hardworking West Virginians, states the memo, which contends
that Capito was the only member of the West Virginia delegation to vote "yes for
the spending bill.

Which is accurate & if you don't count Sen. Jay Rockefeller's "yes vote.

Reach Phil Kabler at philk@wvgazette.com, 304-348-1220, or follow @PhilKabler on
Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              484 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 20, 2010 Wednesday

Y.C. hires lobbyist to seek flood funds

BYLINE: Ashley Gebb, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 413 words


Jan. 20--As skies carried promises of rain, rain and more rain Tuesday, Yuba
City City Council members voted to pay once again for flood protection lobbying
efforts.

Members voted unanimously to pay $63,000 to the Ferguson Group for lobbying
services in Washington, D.C., to generate flood protection funding. This is the
third year the city has used the lobbying efforts, which it splits the expense
for with Sutter County.

Council members voiced hope that the investment will return much-needed funding
for Yuba City and Sutter County. It also gives the jurisdictions a face and
representation in the nation's capital, they said.

"Public safety does doesn't only come in police and fire, but it comes in flood
protection," said Mayor Kash Gill. "We are going to need these lobbyists like
we've never needed them before."

The return on the city's investment, whether through earmarked funding or
stimulus dollars, is worthwhile, Gill said.

"(The) $63,000 is a drop in the bucket," if it gives the city access to larger
pots of money, said Councilman Tej Maan.

Two years ago, the lobbying agency Ferguson Group secured $3.2 million in flood
protection funding for Yuba City.

The money, unspent funds previously allocated for New Orleans, was used for the
Wadsworth Canal in Sutter County.

In 2009, the city's $63,000 in lobbying expenses did not garner any earmarked
dollars, but the Ferguson Group helped with applications and awards of stimulus
dollars.

The economy might make it difficult once again to capture any earmarked funds,
but City Manager Steve Jepsen said he is optimistic the lobbying efforts will
help gain access to stimulus funding.

Resident Larry Ozeran had submitted a letter in protest of the spending, but he
withdrew it after hearing of the funds the city previously had received through
the lobbying efforts.

The $63,000 was budgeted for, but the allocation will have to return to the
council at a future meeting for approval.

The funds will come equally from the flood control Capital Improvement Program
and Redevelopment Agency funds.

To see more of the Appeal-Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.appeal-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100120-MY-Y-C-hires-lobbyist-to-seek-flood-funds-0120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MY


                         Copyright 2010 Appeal-Democrat


                              485 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 30, 2000, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Record Is Set For Lobbying In Albany

BYLINE: By WINNIE HU

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1386 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 29


A coalition of hospitals, health workers and consumer groups poured at least $15
million last year into the most expensive lobbying campaign in state history to
ensure that a multibillion-dollar health care plan was adopted by the
Legislature, according to recent disclosures filed with the state lobbying
commission.

The coalition outspent its opponents -- the tobacco companies and business
interests that will end up paying for the health plan -- by more than five times
and set a precedent for high-stakes lobbying with costly television and radio
advertisements, coupled with extensive outreach to voters through focus groups,
direct mailings and telephone banks.

As a whole, the $17.8 million mustered by both sides of the health care debate
was more than four times what those same groups spent the year before, lobbying
records showed. It also represented a dramatic increase for an industry that had
reported total expenditures of $55 million on all issues in 1998. Last year's
total expenditures are to be made public on Thursday as part of an annual report
by the lobbying commission.

On a national basis, health workers and hospitals and nursing homes reported
spending $72.1 million in 1998 to lobby the federal government, compared with
$67.3 million by the tobacco industry, according to reports compiled by the
Center for Responsive Politics, a nonpartisan research group in Washington.

"Big money drives legislation, that's the lesson," said Blair Horner,
legislative director of the New York Public Interest Research Group, who
expressed concern about the surge of lobbying money in Albany. "You could see
Albany being transformed into a Mideastern bazaar where legislation is auctioned
off to the highest bidder and the public is relegated to being mere spectators."

The deepest pockets last year belonged to the Healthcare Education Project, a
joint effort of two recently merged unions -- 1199, the National Health and
Human Service Employees Union; and the Service Employees International Union --
and the Greater New York Hospital Association, which spent $10.1 million, mainly
on advertising and other outreach efforts. Those same groups also separately
funneled an additional $3.2 million into lobbying activities.

The unions, which represent hospital and nursing home employees, and the
hospitals waged a yearlong campaign but stepped up their efforts in October with
a spate of television ads. They saw the battle as a matter of survival because
state officials would decide whether to maintain or expand state subsidies for
the health care industry.

"This was the equivalent of the Cuban missile crisis for the health care
community," said Kenneth E. Raske, president of the Greater New York Hospital
Association. "A lot of potential damage could have been done."

Their efforts helped persuade the Legislature and Gov. George E. Pataki to
increase the state's cigarette tax by 55 cents a pack to pay for a new health
plan intended to provide medical coverage for as many as one million uninsured
New Yorkers. The estimated cost of the plan is $750 million over three and a
half years. State officials also renewed a program that pays hospitals about
$1.3 billion a year to train new doctors and treat poor people in their
emergency rooms.

That program, under the Health Care Reform Act, had been due to expire at the
end of last year, threatening to disrupt the health care system with financial
uncertainty and touching off a maelstrom of lobbying activities. The hospitals
and health workers lobbied furiously for public subsidies when the act was
originally passed in 1996 to deregulate the health care industry, spending at
least $2.6 million that year on lobbying activities.

The tobacco companies and their industry allies mounted a fight of their own,
but their strongest efforts came late last year, after legislators and Mr.
Pataki had secretly negotiated the health plan already with Dennis Rivera, the
president of 1199, and other union officials. The tobacco industry spent at
least $2.1 million last year on lobbying in New York, compared with $1.3 million
in 1998.

Brown & Williamson laid out $456,524, or more than five times the amount it
reported the year before, while Lorillard Tobacco, which had never lobbied
directly in New York before, channeled $452,278 to Albany primarily for ads. The
major tobacco companies all spent more money than they did in 1998, more than
filling the vacuum left by the Tobacco Institute, an industry group that spent
$138,000 for lobbying activities in 1998 but was disbanded last year as part of
the settlement of the national lawsuit against the tobacco companies.

Despite embarrassing revelations that Philip Morris had spent lavishly on gifts
for scores of lawmakers and underreported its lobbying activities, the company
still paid $816,520 last year in salaries for lobbyists and expenses, a 19.4
percent increase over the year before and more than any other tobacco company.

The state's business interests showed only modest increases in their lobbying
expenses even though they, too, had much at stake. They had called on Mr. Pataki
to eliminate a state law that adds surcharges to hospital bills to help pay for
hospital services, contending that employers end up underwriting the cost
through higher insurance premiums for their workers. But Mr. Pataki largely
abandoned their cause after they failed to respond to hospital and union ads
predicting chaos if the surcharges were not kept.

The influential Business Council of New York State, which represents 5,000
companies, reported spending $452,801 last year on lobbying activities, a 11
percent rise from the year before. The National Federation of Independent
Business increased their lobbying expenses slightly to $217,465. Meanwhile,
spending by the New York Association of Convenience Stores fell by 56 percent,
from $28,535 in 1998 to $12,672 last year.

Edward Reinfurt, vice president of the Business Council, said his members were
unwilling to donate even $1 million more to pay for television and radio ads
against the health plan. "We just don't have the resources, that's the bottom
line," he said. "What we spent our money on is the old-fashioned fact sheet."

The hospitals and health workers and, to a lesser extent, consumer groups like
the American Cancer Society and the New York Public Interest Research Group,
pooled their resources and drove lobbying to new levels. They responded not only
to what some perceived as a looming health care crisis but also to a golden
opportunity to influence how the Legislature would spend the state's share of
the national settlement with the tobacco companies -- $450 million a year.

"No apologies," said Ken Sunshine, a spokesman for Mr. Rivera of 1199, who was
traveling and could not be reached for comment. "We are proud of the success we
have had which benefits not only our own members but all New Yorkers."

Jennifer Cunningham, executive director of Service Employees International,
pointed out that the money was used primarily for advertising and grass-roots
outreach activities like focus groups and phone banks that transferred callers
to their lawmakers' offices. "We didn't spend all this money to take people out
to dinner," she said. "We spent the money on public education. I think that's a
lot different in character and scope. It cost a lot of money to talk to as many
New Yorkers as we could. To me, that's different than skulking around the
hallways of Albany."

The Healthcare Education Project was paid for with part of the $55 million set
aside by the unions and hospitals in their 1998 contract negotiations for joint
projects. The money came from mandatory contributions by hospitals and nursing
homes to the pension fund, which were redirected to another fund after the
pension fund grew from investments, said Bruce McIver, president of the League
of Voluntary Hospitals, which represents the hospitals in labor negotiations.

Additional money was raised through voluntary $5 contributions every month from
more than half of the 350,000 members of 1199 and the service employees' union
to a political action fund set up last fall. "That's frankly the war chest we
the union built up for political efforts like this," Mr. Sunshine said.




http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              486 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

Rhode Island: Secretary of State Gorbea convenes Lobbying Advisory Task Force

LENGTH: 260  words

DATELINE: Providence


Secretary of the State, The State of Rhode Island has issued the following news
release:

Secretary of State Nellie M. Gorbea has convened a Lobbying Advisory Task Force
that will help guide efforts to strengthen and clarify Rhode Island's lobbying
laws and regulations while ensuring transparency.

"The state's lobbying system needs a complete overhaul," Gorbea said.
"Government must be effective, transparent and accountable to the people it
serves in order to succeed."

The first meeting of the lobbying advisory task force, which Secretary Gorbea
will chair, is scheduled for Thursday, March 5, 2015 at 10AM in the State House
Senate Lounge. The meeting agenda is available via the Department of State's
Open Meeting portal: sos.ri.gov/openmeetings.

Members of the Secretary of State's Lobbying Advisory Task Force include:

o Al Dahlberg, Director, State & Community Relations, Brown University o Melissa
E. Darigan, President-Elect, Rhode Island Bar Association o Hilary Davis, ACLU o
Paola Fernandez, Director of Public Policy & Government Relations, United Way of
Rhode Island o Wally Gernt, President RI Lobbyists Association, The Bradford
Group o Amy Goins, Common Cause RI o Jason Gramitt, RI Ethics Commission o Greg
Mancini, Executive Director & General Counsel, BuildRI o Maureen Martin, RI
Federation of Teachers & Health Professionals o Carolyn Murray, F/S Capitol
Consulting o RI State Senate and House of Representatives staff designees

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 04, 1997, Friday, Final Edition

Drug Makers Spend Big In Richmond; Short Session Is Long On Lobbying Funds

Spencer S. Hsu, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 664 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND, July 3


Pharmaceutical companies spent $ 400,000 lobbying Virginia's General Assembly
over a pair of proposals that would have regulated the hotly competitive
prescription drug industry and cut into some companies' profits.

The drug makers were among the biggest spenders during a year in which special
interests doled out $ 7.2 million to try to influence the 140 state lawmakers in
Richmond, according to financial disclosure forms released today. Although the
General Assembly met for only six weeks during its biennial short session and
passed little major legislation, special interests and their 1,500 lobbyists
nearly matched the $ 7.8 million record set in 1996, when the session lasted 60
days.

The fight over new generic drug competition highlighted a broad trend in
Richmond and other state capitals: Well-funded groups representing the health,
utility, finance, communication and transportation industries are spending more
money in statehouses, where they often hold greater sway than in Congress.

In Virginia, the two drug bills that drew the industry's spotlight would have
blocked the introduction of cheaper generic competitors to the blood-thinning
agent Coumadin in the state, and banned bonus payments from drug makers to
pharmacists who persuade doctors to switch prescriptions away from competitors.

Both measures failed, with companies who opposed limits on their practices
winning both fights.

In the battle over whether to allow replacements to Coumadin, a partnership of
drug industry heavyweights, DuPont Merck, backed a proposal to block the
introduction of unbranded competitors to its blood-thinning pill.

At the time, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration was about to approve generic
competition to a family of powerful medicines, including Coumadin.

While DuPont Merck argued that the drugs were so sensitive than any variation in
dosage could be toxic, Barr Laboratories Inc. said DuPont Merck was merely
trying to stifle competition in Virginia and other states in a $ 500
million-a-year business.

DuPont Merck spent $ 105,774 on 13 lobbyists, while Barr spent $ 40,829 on seven
lobbyists.

A dozen other industry players joined in, spending tens of thousands of dollars.
Most of the money paid for lobbyists' salaries and for their dinner meetings
with lawmakers, the reports said.

"It was World War II," said Sen. Stephen D. Newman (R-Lynchburg), whose district
is home to a Barr laboratory and who fought the DuPont Merck bill when it came
before his committee. Drug companies "hired almost everybody in Richmond. They
just hired everyone, including half my friends."

Lawmakers such as Del. John J. "Butch" Davies III (D-Culpeper) -- who proposed
the bill to bar drug companies from paying cash bonuses to pharmacists --
recalled being approached by a half-dozen lobbyists on the same issue.

Davies's bill also was killed for the year.

The reports, which cover the year that ended Monday, also give an indication of
the way Richmond lobbyists heap gifts on lawmakers in an effort to gain their
favor.

Lobbyists for Philip Morris Cos. hosted 124 legislators, spouses and aides in
eight dinners between Jan. 4 and Feb. 11, at a cost of $ 15,000.

They shipped a case of golf balls to one lawmaker nearly every month, and gave
away tickets to auto races and monster truck shows, flashlights and playing
cards, and Christmas baskets to 75 members.

The tobacco company fought off new taxes and sales restrictions that were
proposed for cigarettes.

CSX Corp., the Norfolk rail company purchasing Conrail, sent three lawmakers
last year to Florida for a three-day fishing trip.

The pharmaceutical firm American Home Products Corp. sent 12 lawmakers to a
convention in Newport, R.I., last August and treated 10 lawmakers to dinner in
Nashville.

Virginia law does not require lobbyists to identify which lawmakers they
entertain or for what purpose.

Staff writer Ellen Nakashima contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: July 04, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart, LOBBYING IN VIRGINIA The groups that spent the most lobbying the
General Assembly from July 1, 1996, to June 30, 1997.  Group No. of Amount
lobbyists The Medical Society of Virginia 9 $201,600.47 DuPont Merck 13
105,774.70 Virginia Education Association 44 89,150.17 Virginia Chamber of
Commerce 4 86,339.36 Georgia-Pacific Corp.  1 85,353.36 Colonial Downs 8
84,646.10 Virginia Municipal League 11 83,818.58 Virginia Power 12 78,944.08
Trigon Blue Cross Blue Shield 12 73,190.36 Virginia Gas Co.  6 69,527.75 SOURCE:
Virginia General Assembly

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              488 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Denver Post (Colorado)

                          September 29, 2005, Thursday

Report: Telecom firms give millions to political campaigns

BYLINE: By Kimberly S. Johnson

LENGTH: 492 words



Telecommunications companies contributed nearly $ 57 million to political
campaigns over the past six years and spent $ 78 million on lobbying efforts
over the past two years, according to a report by the Center for Public
Integrity.

Nearly $ 1 million of the former went to political campaigns in Colorado.

The Washington, D.C.-based nonpartisan organization, which follows public policy
issues, is releasing today the results of a three-year analysis of state
campaign and lobbying efforts by telecom companies.

The report shows in Colorado, telecom companies donated $ 990,023 to state
campaigns in election cycles over six years. Lobbyist spending, tallied from
expense reports for 2003 and 2004, totaled $ 599,282.

Qwest led donations to statewide gubernatorial and legislative races and state
political parties with $ 220,083 from 1999 to 2004. The report didn't break out
who received donations from any of the companies.

The Denver-based phone company ranked second in state-level lobbying in 2003 and
2004, spending $ 90,000.

AT&T Corp. spent the most money lobbying in the state, $ 135,532. AT&T spent $
145,946 on political campaigns in Colorado, which ranked them second to Qwest.

Nationwide, Qwest contributed $ 1.5 million to campaigns in various states,
including Colorado, and spent another $ 1.5 million on lobbying in those states.

"We have a long history of supporting statewide issues designed to improve the
quality of life here in Colorado," said Qwest spokesman Michael Dunn in an
e-mail. "We also contribute to candidates that understand and support the issues
that are important to Qwest, its customers and its 45,000 employees.

"In the last few years, the largest portion of our political contributions have
gone to statewide referendums, including FasTracks, T-REX and a Jefferson County
school-bond issue, among others," Dunn said.

The center's report didn't include money spent on referendums.

The Center for Public Integrity spent three years on its analysis. John Dunbar,
author of the study and director of the center's media and telecommunications
project, said states had varying guidelines on reporting lobbyists and campaign
donations.

"Colorado has a fairly severe limitation on its report. That (lobbying) number
is a lot lower than it really is, due to your state lobbying law," he said. "It
doesn't require lobbyists to separate out who they're lobbying for. If you're an
in-house lobbyist for Qwest, odds are you're only lobbying for Qwest. That's
what we counted."


-----

To see more of The Denver Post, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.denverpost.com. Copyright (c) 2005, The Denver Post

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.  Q, T,

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: DP-TELECOM-POLITICS-20050929

JOURNAL-CODE: DP

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                     Copyright 2005 Denver Post (Colorado)


                              489 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 19, 2012 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Sunlight on Lobbying in Albany

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; EDITORIAL; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 349 words


Given all the scandals that have embarrassed Albany in recent years, the
Legislature's approval of a new ethics law last year was mostly good news. There
will be ''no more secrets,'' Gov. Andrew Cuomo crowed as lawmakers were agreeing
on the final bill. The governor boasted that New Yorkers, at last, would finally
know whether lawmakers were working for the voters or the lobbyists.

Now some of the larger lobbying organizations are seeking to undermine the new
law by weakening proposed regulations that would require them to identify their
major contributors. Our advice to Mr. Cuomo, the Legislature and the state's new
Joint Commission on Public Ethics is simple: Don't let them do it.

Some business groups, including the New York Bankers Association, want to loosen
a rule requiring any group that spends more than $50,000 and more than 3 percent
of its expenditures a year on lobbying in the state to identify individuals or
companies that contribute more than $5,000 to it. These groups argue that the
commission should draw a distinction between donors who want their money used
specifically to influence legislation or underwrite other lobbying activity and
those who contribute to educational and other public service activities.

The New York Advocacy Association, the lobbyists'

lobby, has argued that the disclosure requirement would be administratively
burdensome and might discourage some donors.

But these are not reasons to gut the law, which is intended to inform the public
about who's giving to traditional lobbying associations as well as any group
with lobbying interests in Albany. It would, for instance, cover tax-exempt
public interest organizations like environmental groups and thinly disguised
political ''social interest'' groups like the Committee to Save New York, which
has spent more than $16 million so far to lobby in support of Mr. Cuomo's
agenda.

Mr. Cuomo said recently that other aspects of the ethics law -- like the
commission's investigative process -- may need small improvements eventually.
But that would not mean weakening important disclosure regulations.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/19/opinion/sunlight-on-lobbying
-in-albany.html

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              490 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            February 10, 2012 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Senecas hire Masiello's lobbying firm to fight state bid to expand casinos

BYLINE: By Tom Precious - NEWS ALBANY BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 370 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


The Seneca Nation of Indians is expanding its lobbying and communications
efforts to block proposals at the State Capitol threatening its gambling
ventures in Western New York with new casino competition. The tribe has added a
lobbying firm whose partners include former Buffalo Mayor Anthony M. Masiello.

Seneca officials declined to immediately provide Masiello's retainer
information. He was hired only a few weeks ago, so his required financial
disclosure reports with the state's Joint Commission on Public Ethics are not
yet due. Masiello's portfolio includes Kaleida Health, Niagara County and
National Fuel.

"From the early days in 2002 when the Senecas first entered into gaming, Tony
Masiello has been there in support. He knows the issues with the state," said
Seneca Nation President Robert Odawi Porter.

The tribe, in a recent filing with the ethics commission, also reported paying
$350,000 to Levick Strategic Communications, of Washington, D.C. It was paid,
the filing states, for help with grass-roots organizing, advertising and website
development.

Levick bills itself as representing companies and countries "facing the
highest-stakes communication challenges." The company's clients have included
the Catholic Church in its priest sex case scandals. Levick also has done work
on the Gulf of Mexico oil spill and on behalf of Kuwaiti detainees at Guantanamo
Bay.

The Seneca Nation is battling with the Cuomo administration over what the tribe
says is a state breach of contract in allowing new gambling ventures over the
years in 14 counties at the state's western end.

The Senecas got the exclusivity deal to run casinos in return for sharing part
of its slot machine revenues with the state. The tribe has held up $400 million
in payments to Albany the past couple of years, contending the state broke the
agreement by -- among other things -- allowing slotlike video lottery terminals
at racetracks.

The tribe also is pushing back against Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo's call for a
constitutional amendment to permit casinos on non-Indian lands. Cuomo has not
specified where they could be located, but some lawmakers have said Western New
York could be ripe for more casino gambling.

email: tprecious@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              491 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                            January 23, 2011 Sunday

Teva's US lobbying down 35% in Q4;
Teva USA spent $3.12 million on lobbying Congress and the administration in
2010, down from $3.3 million in 2009.

BYLINE: Inbal Omer

LENGTH: 136 words


Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (Nasdaq: TEVA; TASE: TEVA) spent $620,000 on
lobbying in the fourth quarter of 2010, according to quarterly reports filed by
Teva Pharmaceuticals USA Inc. with the Office of the Clerk of the House of
Representative, 35% less than the $840,00 spent in the preceding quarter and
$780,000 in the corresponding quarter of 2009.

Teva USA spent $3.12 million on lobbying Congress and federal agencies, such as
the US Patent and Trademark Office and US Trade Representative, in 2010, down
from $3.3 million in 2009. Last year, the company quit the Generic
Pharmaceutical Association (GPhA), saying that it would lobby independently in
the US.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
January 23, 2011

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2011

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                     October 21, 2005 Friday JERSEY EDITION

Bill to regulate lobbyists sits on back burner;
A measure to require registration remains in Council committee. Mayor Street
called for changes last year.

BYLINE: By Marcia Gelbart; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 708 words


One year ago, when asked about the propriety of his son's lobbying of city
agencies, Mayor Street responded by defending Sharif Street but calling for the
city's first rules to regulate lobbyists.

Today, nothing's changed.

A bill to regulate lobbyists is sitting in a City Council committee. The
measure, a result of Street's call for lobbying regulations, would require
lobbyists and their clients to register with the Board of Ethics within two
weeks from the start of lobbying efforts, and to disclose the issue being
lobbied and expenses spent in that effort.

But Council members show little interest in its passage, leaving the public in
the dark on how city business is conducted.

"There's support for it in some quarters," Street said this week, "but probably
not enough."

New regulations would allow, for the first time, the public to identify who is
trying to influence Philadelphia policy-makers and on whose behalf. The public
would know, for instance, that former Lt. Gov. Mark Singel met with Council
members to talk about a proposed smoking ban on behalf of the American Lung
Association, and that Street's brother, Milton, was helping an airport company
win a contract that netted him $1 million.

"There is a cynicism on the part of the public and the press about how lobbyists
and elected officials interact. If access to information will help allay some of
that cynicism, then so be it," said Peter Yaffe, a veteran city and state
lobbyist.

Sharif Street, a lawyer, has said that he would embrace some disclosure rules to
demystify public perceptions about his work. "Then people could see what I did
and didn't do, what I was paid, and what I wasn't," he said last year when The
Inquirer disclosed his lobbying efforts.

Nationally, a few major cities - including Los Angeles, Chicago and Baltimore -
have their own lobbying laws. But, in many cases, state lobbying-disclosure laws
apply also to municipalities, regulating cities such as New York and Atlanta.

In New York City, for instance, those attempting to influence legislation and
decisions by city officials or employees about the procurement of goods must
register if those lobbying activities net them $2,000 or more a year.

In Pennsylvania, lawmakers are considering two bills that would require
Harrisburg lobbyists to register with the state, disclosing their work and their
clients; the state at this time has no rules because a 2003 court decision had
eliminated them.

Come Feb. 1, some new rules could be in place if voters pass next month's ballot
measure to reform the process for awarding no-bid contracts.

Written by Councilman Michael A. Nutter, that measure would require those who
compete for a no-bid contract to name their lobbyists, and to list political
contributions made by those lobbyists in the two prior years.

But the Street measure is significantly broader. It would apply to lobbyists -
including lawyers who engage in lobbying - who seek not just no-bid contracts,
but most city work.

That includes paid professionals trying to influence legislation; how requests
for proposals are prepared; zoning, licensing and permitting determinations; and
any action in which taxpayer money is disbursed.

If passed, lobbyists who register would have to submit yearbook-like
photographs, and their clients would have to file quarterly expense reports.

"I'm committed to having a strong lobbyist registration bill," Nutter said,
commending the mayor for sending such a measure to Council. "But I don't know if
all the provisions of this particular bill meet the standards that I believe
should be met. I would have to read the details."

At this time, it's uncertain which Council member, if any, would push for a
public hearing on the proposed lobbying bill.

The bill unofficially belongs to the administration, but was introduced in May
by Councilman David Cohen as a formality. Cohen, who died Oct. 3, chaired the
Law and Government Committee, where the measure now sits.

Asked about the bill yesterday, neither Council President Anna C. Verna nor
Majority Leader Jannie Blackwell voiced opposition - but neither indicated she
had read it.

Contact staff writer Marcia Gelbart at 215-854-2338 or mgelbart@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              493 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 13, 2005 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Very Ripe State Government

SECTION: Section 14; Column 1; The City Weekly Desk; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 512 words


If there is a lush, green valley for lobbyists, it must look a lot like Albany.
In every state building, in every agency in New York's state capital, there are
easy pickings for those peddling the wares of the rich, the powerful, the big
special interests.

If these high-priced salesmen and saleswomen are seeking favorable legislation,
they must register as lobbyists. But if they are trying to land state contracts
-- contracts that can be worth many millions of dollars -- they can operate
almost invisibly. Furthermore, changing a state law at least requires the votes
of 212 lawmakers and the governor. Arranging a state contract requires little
more than a cozy tete-a-tete between a state official and a guy in a smart silk
suit.

It will not be easy to sell the present state government on the idea of
requiring lobbyists to register before they try to influence the awarding of
state contracts. But this single reform would be one of the biggest improvements
in decades in the way the state does its $100 billion business.

In the last two years, Gov. George E. Pataki and the Legislature have talked
endlessly about extending the lobbying regulations to cover state contracts. The
governor has even issued an edict requiring state agencies to reveal who's
lobbying for what. But somehow a law is never passed.

Many reasons are offered, many fingers pointed. But the underlying reason why
nothing ever happens is that the people who would be most affected by public
disclosure are the very same people who grease the wheels of government, who
attend dozens and dozens of fund-raisers for the very lawmakers who must pass
this big, important lobbying law. Such cycles are hard to break.

Last Monday, as it has before, the Assembly passed a strong bill to curb
procurement lobbying. Senator George H. Winner Jr., a Republican from Elmira,
introduced a similarly strong bill for the Senate last week. Mr. Pataki's aides
say the governor also plans to push an expansion of lobbying laws in a package
of four ethics bills, as a follow-up to his State of the State address in
January. One bill would ban lobbying for state contracts altogether. The
governor is also planning to push for another bill, closer to the Assembly and
Senate versions, that would require lobbyists working the state agencies to
register with the lobbying commission.

The governor's complete ban on contract lobbying seems sound in principle.The
question is whether it would work in the real world. Some legislators are
concerned that an outright ban on lobbying could be thrown out by the courts,
perhaps as an infringement on free speech. Other good-government advocates,
concerned that lobbyists will find a way around such a ban, say that it would be
better to know what they are up to by requiring them to register, as they do for
the Legislature.

The differences between Mr. Pataki's proposals and the Legislature's are not
major and could be easily worked out if all parties really wanted to do so. In
Albany, that is too often a very large ''if.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              494 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            November 2, 2007, Friday

Ethics panel closes lobbying loophole

BYLINE: Phil Kabler

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P4C

LENGTH: 421 words


philk@wvgazette.com

State Ethics Commission members closed a loophole Thursday that had allowed
nonprofit groups to host receptions in Charleston during legislative sessions
without having to report those events as lobbying.

At issue Thursday was whether Leadership West Virginia, a nonprofit organization
that provides training programs for young business professionals, could host a
fundraiser during next year's legislative session without reporting it as a
lobbying expenditure.

Although Leadership West Virginia is affiliated with the state Chamber of
Commerce, the group does not lobby the Legislature, according to the request for
an advisory opinion.

The group plans to seek corporate sponsorships for the fundraiser, and plans to
promote that all legislators will be invited to attend.

As initially drafted last month, the ethics opinion said that because the
event's organizers would not try to influence any particular legislation, the
event would not constitute lobbying - and expenditures on legislators would not
have to be disclosed to the Ethics Commission.

However, commissioner Larry Rowe, a lawyer and former state senator, argued that
was too narrow a definition of lobbying.

"Today, professional lobbying is about access and general influence," he said at
the time. "If it presents one more venue for these same folks to have access to
the Legislature, it constitutes lobbying."

As re-drafted Thursday, the commission concluded that while Leadership West
Virginia does not directly lobby, the proposed fundraiser is a lobbying event,
since it is intended to bring lobbyists and legislators together.

"The trigger on this is that they've invited all the legislators," Rowe said
Thursday.

That the event is planned for Charleston during the session also triggered
concerns, he said.

"I think this gave us more discomfort, because it is when and where the
Legislature is meeting," Rowe said.

Organizers indicated in their request for an advisory opinion that they
tentatively plan to hold the reception on the first evening of the 2008 session,
after the governor's State of the State address, which draws additional state
officials and other dignitaries to the Capitol.

In Thursday's opinion, commissioners ruled that before organizers can host the
fundraiser, they will have to register as lobbyists with the Ethics Commission,
and will have to file disclosures on how much they spent on food, beverages, and
gifts for legislators attending the fundraiser.

To contact staff writer Phil Kabler, use e-mail or call 348-1220.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                              495 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 13, 1977, Sunday, Final Edition

Industry Giants Muster Money and Clout;
Paper, Timber Giants Are Ubiquitous Lobbying Presence;
Case Study of Modern Lobbying Methods

BYLINE: By Dan Morgan, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 2118 words


In 1975, some of the world's largest paper companies reported spending $1,100 on
coffee, donuts and lobster stew for legislators in Maine.  They were lobbying
for money to fight the tree-destroying spruce budworm.  The obedient Maine
Legislature later rushed through a $1 million emergency appropriation to pay for
spraying.

Several months ago, George H. Weyer haeuser president of the timber company with
that name, met here with Treasury Secretary W. Michael Blumenthal and other
timber industry representatives.

The subject was a 33-year-old ferderal concession that lets companies pay taxes
on timber sales at capital gains rates.  Since then, talk here of ending the
concession has died down.  "I think it's on the shelf, we're breathing a little
easier," said Weyerhaeuser's Arthur V. Smyth, the company's Washington
representative.

In a crowded smoke-filled Capitol Hill conference room last weeK, lobbyists from
weyerhaeuser.  International Paper.  Crown zellerbach.  Union Camp and other
large timber and paper companies lounged in chairs while Senate-House conferees
marked up the Clean Water Act of 1977.

In the view of Crown Zellerbach's Sol. Mosher - until recently an assistant
secretary of Housing and Urban Development - the company's lobbying made a
difference in getting a final bill with key amendments acceptable to paper and
timber interest.

As those examples suggest, these [WORD ILLEGIBLE] companies - the nation's [WORD
ILLEGIBLE]" - are a ubiquitous and [WORD ILLEGIBLE]-effective lobbying presence
on [WORD ILLEGIBLE] hundreds of laws of state and federal governments.

In the lobbying strategies of the multipulps, the states where the companies
have vast timber holdings are treated almost as provinces within large empires.
In 1976, Weyerhawuser, whose headquarter is in Takoma, Wash., spent $72, 235 on
lobbying in state legislatures.  Its public affairs staffs in Oklahoma,
Arkansas, North Carolina, Mississippi and Alabama spent part of their time
lobbying.

In Maine, where seven timber and [WORD ILLEGIBLE] companies own one third of the
[WORD ILLEGIBLE] 19.7 million total acres and half [WORD ILLEGIBLE] forest land,
the multipulps are the best-financed lobby - ahead of other powerful groups such
as the railroads [WORD ILLEGIBLE] the utility companies.

Paper companies reported lobbying expenditures of $36,340 for the 1977
legislative session.

The Portland, Maine, law firm of Ptitce, Atwood, Scribner, Allen and McKusick,
which represented International Papaer and Georgia Pacific, reported earning
$123,738 or its lobbying on 122 different bills.  (Partner Vincent McKusick has
since been named chief justice of the Maine Supreme Court.)

Timber company lobbying is also intense in the West Coast states of California,
Oregon and Washington.  In Oregon, for instance, company lobbyists have been
fighting for a cutback in workman's compensation payments whch they consider
"way out of line" compared with the national average.

At the federal level, the legislative activity of the multipulps includes a
broad array of laws where public and corporate interests intersect - and often
clash.

Washington lobbyists have given attention in recent months to he Carter
asministration's energy proposals, the 1983 clean water standards for riverand
ocean-polluting industries, expansion of the national redwood park in
California, the proposed designation of 1.1 million acres of usable forest lands
as protected wilderness, teh solid waste disposal tax, tax reform and changes in
the accounting standards required for financial statments to the government.

Billions of dollars ride on government decisions in these areas, and how
Congress acts can affect the price of company stock, the capital available for
new investments and - if you take what the companies say at face value - even
the survival of some organizations.

Indirectly, employment in various districts and the tax revenues of the federal
and state government is affected.

But in many respects, the $50 billion-a-year paper and timber industry provides
a representative case study of modern lobbying methods, as practiced by one
major U.S. corporate interest group.

These methods bear littls resemblance to those depicted in cartoons of seedy,
cigar-smoking men outside Capitol hearing rooms.

The multipulps and their counter parts in other industries do not just use money
and clout to win their way.

Today, big corporations deploy waves of lawyers, scientists, technicians and
accountants against their adversaries in pursuit of their objectives.

"My most important job is to get the expert in my company - whatever the field,
we've got one - and get him together with the right guy in government at the
right time," saus Weyerhaeuser's Smyth.

The multipulps are nodifferent from other major industries in their new emphasis
on building larger and more professional Washington staffs to deal with the
myriad bills affecting their interests.

But by the estimate of congressional aides, the multipulp operation here is
smoother and better-oiled than most.  A dozen years ago, only one or two
companies had Washington representatives.  Now 13 of the majors do.

Congressional receptivity is almost guaranteed, since there are pulp mills,
sawmills and other facilities in 350 of the 438 U.S. congressional districts.
Also, at least 12 senjor officials of the Ford and Nixon administrations are now
working in the major companies, most of them in government affairs jobs.  One of
them is Weyerhaeuser, Vice President William D. Ruckelshaus, former
administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.

Ruckelshaus testified earlier this year on the clean water bill before the House
public works and transportation committee "as a concerned citizen with
considerable government experience in administering environmental laws."

The former EPA administrator testified against requiring paper mills to install
by 1983 the best technology available for controlling pollutants, regardless of
the water cleanliness around the plants.

Once a week, Washington representatives of the big companies meet here to
discuss current bills and divide up lobbying assignments.  Then they fan out to
contact members of Congress and congressional comittees in a carefully
coordinated operation.

Georgia Pacific's Thomas Mitchell here is "way out in front" in leading the
multipulps' fight, side by side with the major oil and gas companies, for the
deregulation of natural gas.  The companies are all enormous consumers of energy
and say that deregulation will give them a more assured access to supplies of
the fuel.

On other key issues, Weyerhacuser tends to be identified with lobbying on
environmental issues and Boise Cascade with the fight to prevent the
classification of large tracts of usable timberlands as pristine wilderness
areas.

Backing these company efforts are several well-financed trade associations.

The National Forest Products Association here will have a budget of $4.5 million
for 1978 and a staff of skilled economists and foresters.  The New York-based
American Paper Institute, which lobbies, organizes trips and keeps industry in
touch with itself, has a budget estimated at $9 million and 250 member
companies.

The compromise clean water bill of 1977 completed Thursday by House and Senate
conferees provided a good example of the lobbying techniques.  The lobby
approached such legislators as Sens. John H. Chafee (R-R.I.) and Bob Dole
(R-Kan.) and Rep. John B. Breaux (D-La.) and got support from them at several
stages.

Before the bill began working its way through the legislative process, the lobby
was concerned about the rigid requirements in previous legislation requiring
installation of the best technology available to clean mill discharges of
poisonous wastes.

Paper company officials said it would cost them $4.5 billion to comply with
these tough standards.

Industry concern was conveyed to Chafee, a member of the Environment and Public
Works Committee, and to Sen. Edward S. Muskie (D-Maine).  Muskie later offered
an amendment that gave the Environmental Protection Agency discretion to grant
variances of the rigid standards, when nontoxic pollutants were involved.  This
was the standard approved by the Senate.  The conferees subsequently agreed on a
modified version of the Senate bill.

The lobby also achieved a limited victory in getting the conferees to exclude
routine forestry (and farming ) operations from having to get permits each time
they dredged or filled streams on their property.  On this, Weyerhaeuser
officials approached Breaux, who later submitted an amendment to relax these
bureaucratic burdens for farmers and woodlands owners.

Meanwhile, Dole sent a lettle to the President with a number of Senate
signaturess asking him to suspend enforcemnt of the far-reaching permit
requirement while Congress was considering the new clean-water bill.  The
President refused.

Forest interests also got last-minute support from Chairman Thomas S. Foley
(D-Wash.) of the House Agriculture.  Committee.  Foley on Thursday went before
the conferees to take issue with a part of the conference report that some saw
as requiring the Corps of Engineer permits for clearcutting operations in
Eastern mixed hardwood forests.  Clearcutting is the forest practice in which
large tracts of woodlands are leveled to ankle height.

In arguing their many causes, the multipulps have been skilled at finding allies
- often in unlikely places.  In the case of the provisions of concern in the
clean water bill, farmers joined the timber companies in wanting less
bureaucratic interference with dredging and filling.  That made men like Dole of
Kansas and Breaux of Louisiana more amenable to the timber companies arguments.

The companies fighting extension of the redwoods park in California have been
supported by labor, which fears a loss of jobs in sawmills that now rely on
timber from the area earmarked for park extension.

"When you're out there all alone, you feel pretty naked," acknowledged
Weyerhaeuser's Smyth.  He was confirming a proven lobbying tactic that other
interests such as oil companies, have also found useful.

"Buy ourselves, the oil companies can never win a fight in this town," said an
oil lobbyist.  "That's why we rely on the users of oil to help up make our case
on things like deregulation." The paper companies have been among the active
supporters.

Such hectic lobbying activity is normal when any big corporate interests are at
stake these days.  But in some respects, the depth of the involvement of the
multipulps with government is unique.

Weyerhaecuser, forexample, owns millions of acres of timberland in th state of
Washington.

"You're rubbing up against communities, states and the federal government almost
constantly," says Weyerhaeuser's Ruckelshaus.  "When you own this much land
there are just bound to be an accumulation of government inhibitions on uses of
that timber that maximize the fiber you take off it."

Next to the federal and state governments, the timber companies are far an away
the largest landowners in the nation, and that has produced increasing frictions
with the public as the nation's environmental consciousness was raised in the
last decade.

Often, the issues are extraordinarily technical and complex, requiring highly
paid experts to unravel the pros and cons.  This takes money, something the
multipulps have lots of.  In 1975, 1976 and 1977 a total of $17.759,122 has been
spent in Maine by federal and state governments and private taxpayers (including
paper companies) for spraying against the spruce budworm.  Yet there is still
some controversy among environmentalists over the effectiveness - or necessity -
of the program.

The use of increasingly sophisticated lobbying techniques by the multipulps does
not mean that they are abolishing other, proven, ways of having influence.

The major companies gave about half a million dollars to federal political
candidates in 1976, and support for such powerful senators as Henry M. Jackson
(D-Wash.) have been "very sizable," according to Joseph McGrath of the National
Forest Products Association.

Weyerhaeuser has two campaign warchests: the Hanson Fund to which the
Weyerhaecuser family and the company's largest stockholders contribute, and the
Tacoma Fund to which about 300 senior managers can give.  In 1976, the Hanson
Fund gave $67.302 to various federal candidates.  In 1972, the same political
fund supported President Nixon, conservative Sens. Barry M. Goldwater (R-Ariz.)
and Carl Curtis (R-Neb.), but also Sen. Mark Hatfield, a liberal democrat from
the timber-rich state of Oregon.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Multi-Pulps; This is another in a series of occasional articles about
the international paper companies

GRAPHIC: Picture, THE MULTIPULP LOBBY, The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1977 The Washington Post


                              496 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 24, 1998, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Albany as Party Town

SECTION: Section A; Page 26; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 384 words


A lobbyist's life is easier in New York State than in most places around the
country. Armed with a cause and a checking account, the lobbyist operates in an
environment that seems designed for his convenience. By day, the company or
union representative can attend legislative sessions and roam the Gothic
hallways in Albany peddling a well-honed message for a tax loophole or a special
exemption. By night, the same lobbyist dutifully attends legislators'
fund-raisers, often located within walking distance of the Capitol building.

Although more than 30 state legislatures ban fund-raising during legislative
sessions, New York State still allows a sleazy coziness between the lobbyists
pushing causes and the politicians begging for money. On a busy night in Albany,
there can be as many as 18 different fund-raisers where cheap wine and finger
food are exchanged for fat checks or fatter pledges. A report issued this month
by the Take Back Democracy Project, which includes a number of public-interest
groups, counted 201 fund-raising events during the 60-day session that ended in
June.

Moreover, as legislative power continues to shift from the Federal Government to
the states, the amount of money and the number of lobbyists in state
legislatures have also soared. Encouraged by New York's lax campaign
fund-raising laws, the dollars spent by corporate and union lobbyists in Albany
soared from $5.7 million in 1978 to $51.4 million in 1997, according to the
latest figures available from New York's lobbying commission.

Such excess contributes to the sad state of New York's Legislature, but only
voter pressure can persuade legislators to strengthen the lobbying laws, which
are set to expire next year. They should be asked to ban campaign contributions
to members while they are in session and to grant the state's lobbying
commission the power to investigate lobbyists' filings randomly and suspend or
revoke registrations for those who violate the law. It would also help to change
the name of that commission from the Temporary State Commission on Lobbying to
something suggesting permanence.

An election is coming. It is a perfect time to ask local candidates for state
jobs to clean up their relationship with the lobbyists. Most of them won't
listen when they get there.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              497 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           December 29, 2009 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Financial sector antes up over regulation plan;
Multimillion-dollar lobbying effort pivots on new agency

BYLINE: Fredreka Schouten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 916 words


WASHINGTON -- Wall Street, commercial banks and an array of other business
interests are undertaking an all-out lobbying effort to shape legislation that
imposes sweeping government oversight of the financial services industry.

The U.S. Chamber of Commerce has spent $2 million on advertising, including
commercials slamming the creation of a federal consumer-protection agency, and
plans to spend more, said David Hirschmann, CEO of the chamber's Center for
Capital Markets Competitiveness. Bankers around the country, meanwhile, have
sent about 250,000 letters to Congress raising alarms at the behest of the
American Bankers Association, said Edward Yingling, the group's president. The
association issued a "call to action" to its members recently, urging bankers to
reach out "early and often" to senators who are expected to take up the
legislation early next year.

On the other side, Americans for Financial Reform, a coalition of labor and
civil rights groups formed in June, has spent nearly $2 million pushing for
tougher regulation of the financial sector, Executive Director Heather Booth
said.

"This bill is a sea change ... in the way the financial services industry is
regulated," said Scott Talbott, senior vice president of the Financial Services
Roundtable, the lobbying arm for Wall Street banks. "It's all hands on deck."

The financial services sector is among the biggest lobbying interests,
outpacing, for instance, what labor unions and defense firms each spent during
the first nine months of this year.

Commercial banks, investment firms and credit-card/financing companies together
have spent more than $126.5 million to sway Congress and the executive branch
during the first nine months of 2009,  according to data compiled by the
non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics. The chamber, meanwhile, has spent
$52.1 million on lobbying this year -- more than any other single association or
company.

Focus on derivatives

The lobbying already has paid off for some interests. A version of the bill
passed by the House of Representatives this month  would allow several groups,
including retailers and auto dealers, to escape the scrutiny of the consumer
protection agency. A separate measure, which would have allowed bankruptcy
judges to reduce mortgage debts, was opposed by bankers and defeated on the
House floor.

The legislation, which President Obama counts among his top domestic priorities,
would usher in the biggest changes to the nation's financial system since the
Great Depression. The House bill would impose regulations on portions of the
derivatives market and grant the federal government the authority to dissolve
large, troubled firms whose collapse could threaten the economy. A derivative is
a financial instrument that is derived from the value of another asset.

One of the biggest sources of friction, though, is the creation of the Consumer
Finance Protection Agency with powers to regulate matters from mortgages and
credit cards to car loans.

Critics such as the banking association's Yingling said the agency amounts to a
new and unnecessary layer of bureaucracy, and its actions could run counter to
those of existing banking regulators. "We would end up with two regulators
pulling us in opposite directions," he said.

The chamber's ads, meanwhile, took up the cause of retailers, claiming that the
agency would make it harder for small-business owners to extend credit to
customers.

The proposal to create the agency is so contentious that "every individual you
can think of is crawling out from under the woodwork seeking exemptions," said
Lauren Saunders, managing attorney of the National Consumer Law Center, which
backs the increased consumer protection in the legislation.

Car dealers win break

Auto dealers, for instance, have secured an exemption from the agency's
oversight in the House bill under an amendment pushed by Rep. John Campbell,
R-Calif., who is a former auto dealer.

In most cases, dealers serve only as middlemen between lenders and car buyers
and should not be subject to additional regulation, Campbell said. Under the
House bill, the lenders themselves, including auto-finance companies such as
GMAC, would be subject to the new agency's supervision. "We were trying to avoid
a needless second set of regulatory costs for an industry that everyone knows is
completely on its back right now," Campbell said of the auto-dealer exemption.

Consumer activists, such as Rosemary Shahan of Consumers for Auto Reliability
and Safety, say dealers need the federal scrutiny because they are pivotal
players in the loan process and earn higher commissions from lenders when they
steer car buyers into higher-interest loans.

"You can't police auto lending without policing auto dealers," she said.

The National Automobile Dealers Association, which contributed nearly $3 million
to federal candidates in the 2008 election cycle, encouraged dealers to makes
"hundreds of calls" to House members to win the exemption, said Bailey Wood, the
association's spokesman. The group now plans to "put the full might of our
grass-roots efforts" behind securing a similar exemption in the Senate, he said.

In that chamber, an early draft circulated by banking committee Chairman Chris
Dodd, D-Conn., included the consumer-protection body, but several senators,
including Alabama Sen. Richard Shelby, the top Republican on the panel, have
signaled opposition to the agency. The bill could come up for consideration by
the full panel as early as next month.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Julie Snider, USA TODAY, Sources: Center for Responsive
Politics and U.S. Senate lobbying disclosure reports (Bar graph)
PHOTO, B/W
PHOTO, B/W, Rich Pedroncelli, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 15, 2004 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

State Panel May Subpoena Silver in Inquiry

BYLINE: By MICHAEL COOPER

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 340 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, June 14


The state lobbying commission is weighing the unusual step of issuing a subpoena
to Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver as part of its inquiry into whether a casino
company broke any rules two years ago by giving him a luxury suite at one of its
Las Vegas hotels at a discounted rate, a state official said Monday.

The commission is investigating whether Caesars Entertainment Inc. violated the
state's $75 limit on gifts from lobbyists in 2002 by giving Mr. Silver and his
wife a VI.P. hotel suite for $109 a night. The company sometimes rents the room
for four times that amount or more. Caesars was actively lobbying to expand into
New York State at the time.

As part of its inquiry, the lobbying commission issued three subpoenas to
Caesars to find out whether other lawmakers were given discounted stays at its
hotels, said Robert Stewart, a spokesman for Caesars.

He said that Caesars had not furnished the information, arguing that the
subpoenas were overly broad and irrelevant to the current inquiry and that they
would make it difficult for the company to protect the privacy of its guests.

Now, the lobbying commission is considering issuing a subpoena to Mr. Silver. A
state official and a person familiar with the matter said the commission wrote
to the state attorney general's office last week seeking a legal opinion on
whether it could subpoena Mr. Silver.

Such a step would be highly unusual for a commission that usually queries
companies and lobbyists, not elected officials.

The commission, which is often seen here as the only aggressive ethics agency in
Albany, is fighting legal challenges to its powers by lobbyists and others and a
loss of support from some top state politicians.

Kris Thompson, a spokesman for the commission, declined to comment on the case.
So did Charles R. Carrier, a spokesman for Mr. Silver.

When news of the inquiry broke in March, Mr. Silver staunchly defended his
integrity. Within days, the lobbying commission moved to silence its normally
outspoken executive director, David M. Grandeau.



URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              499 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 24, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Cardinals Scramble To Defeat Abuse Bills;
Child Victims Would Get More Time to Sue in Md.

BYLINE: Caryle Murphy, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B01

LENGTH: 599 words


Roman Catholic Church officials are putting a full-court press on Maryland
legislators to reject bills that would extend the time allowed for victims of
childhood sex abuse to file lawsuits against abusers and their employers.

Cardinal Theodore E. McCarrick of the Washington archdiocese and Cardinal
William H. Keeler of the Baltimore archdiocese have gotten involved, expressing
opposition to the bills to House Judiciary Committee members directly or through
intermediaries. The archdioceses also have hired a prominent Annapolis lobbying
firm, Schwartz & Metz, to supplement the efforts of the Maryland Catholic
Conference, their regular lobbying arm.

"Almost everyone on the committee has acknowledged to me that the church has
called them or called their ministers about the bill, and they are meeting with
every member of the committee, including me," said Del. Pauline H. Menes
(D-Prince George's), the bills' principal sponsor.

Del. Carol S. Petzold (D-Montgomery) described the church's lobbying as "just
short of frantic. It appears to be a very high priority with them."

Some lawmakers also reported that Montgomery County Executive Douglas M. Duncan
had conveyed to them the church's concerns.

Susan Gibbs, spokeswoman for the Washington archdiocese, said that the church's
lobbying was not unusual and that "we are doing the same kinds of things we do
with any bill" that affects the church.

Under Maryland law, lawsuits by childhood abuse victims can be filed until the
victim is 25. The two bills would significantly ease that restriction.

One would let victims file suit until they are 42; the other would open a
two-year window during which victims of any age could sue.

Supporters say the bills are needed because victims typically do not report the
abuse until they are in their thirties or forties. Church officials say it would
be hard for defendants to present an adequate defense decades after an alleged
incident, and they note that Maryland has no time limit on criminal charges
against a child abuser.

Del. Samuel I. Rosenberg (D-Baltimore), a co-sponsor of the bills, said he was
contacted by a local rabbi who had received a call from Keeler about the
legislation and was relaying the cardinal's concerns. Rosenberg said the rabbi,
whom he declined to name, reported that the cardinal was upset that Jewish
lawmakers were sponsoring the bills. Rosenberg and Menes are Jewish.

"To make a point of the religion of the sponsor of a bill . . . was beneath
contempt," Rosenberg said he told the rabbi.

Keeler is in Rome, and his spokesman said Wednesday and yesterday that he could
not be reached for comment.

Del. Luiz R.S. Simmons (D-Montgomery) said Duncan, who is running for governor,
telephoned him recently to say that McCarrick was "very concerned about the
bills."

Duncan spokesman David Weaver said that McCarrick had spoken about the
legislation with Duncan, who is Catholic, but that the cardinal "did not ask
Doug to make calls on his behalf."

Baltimore Mayor Martin O'Malley, also a candidate for governor, said that church
officials "have made me aware of their concerns about this issue" but that
neither he nor city officials have become involved.

Committee member Anthony G. Brown (D-Prince George's), who is Catholic, said he
and his wife were invited by McCarrick to "a social call" at the cardinal's
residence a couple of weeks ago.

They discussed several matters, including the bills extending the statue of
limitations, said Brown, who is O'Malley's running mate.

Staff writers Matthew Mosk and John Wagner contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              500 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          December 14, 1995, Thursday

KIDS LEARN THE ART OF LOBBYING

BYLINE: By LAURA WILLIAMS

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  4

LENGTH: 725 words


The lobbying of Congress is just about as old as government itself, but not
often are the lobbyists as young as 16.

But that's what happened recently in Park Slope, where a group of 11th-graders
at a small private school launched a letter-writing campaign in an effort to
persuade lawmakers in Washington, D.C., to limit cuts to Medicaid and Medicare.

So far, the 40 juniors at the Berkeley Carroll School have persuaded 100 voters
to send letters warning about the impacts large federal health care cuts would
have on the Park Slope community.

The letters were sent to President Clinton, Sens. Daniel Patrick Moynihan and
Alfonse D'Amato, and the local congressman, Rep. Charles Schumer.

As part of its new community service program, each grade in Berkeley Carroll's
Upper School this fall had to come up with its own project.

Ninth-graders are working in Prospect Park, 10th-graders have just completed a
winter coat drive and seniors are planning to staff soup kitchens in Manhattan.

Junior Lauren Arana floated the idea earlier this year of volunteering at New
York Methodist Hospital, also in Park Slope.

Maria Stutt, a math teacher and coordinator for the 11th-grade community service
program, then contacted Lyn Hill, vice president of planning, public affairs and
development at Methodist.

In the beginning, the 11th-graders were planning to decorate the hospital's
pediatric ward. But Hill had something a little more substantive in mind.

"They happened to call when I was looking at possible cuts we were about to be
hit with," Hill said. "So I said to the teacher that I would love students to
become health care advocates."

The students at the college preparatory school get more out of this than simply
fulfulling a graduation requirement, Hill said.

"The kids can really learn something about how health care is financed, and how
damaging cuts would be," she said.

"I don't want to advocate any political agenda, but we want them to be aware of
how these cuts would translate in terms of their own community hospital."

New York Methodist, a large teaching hospital at Seventh Ave. and Seventh St.,
has about 24,000 inpatients a year, and logs roughly 300,000 outpatient visits
annually.

Hill said she hopes the letter-writing campaign will encourage kids to read
newspapers to keep abreast of the daily budget developments.

For example, last week Clinton vetoed congressional Republicans' proposed $ 452
billion in cuts to Medicare and Medicaid.

"Now it's important to wait and see how it develops," Hill said. "It's unwinding
every day."

Last month, Hill and Edward Zaidberg, New York Methodist's chief financial
officer, visited the 11th-graders and spelled out what the cuts would mean to
the hospital.

Congressional Republicans say Medicaid and Medicare spending is spiraling out of
control and costs need to be reined in if the system is to survive.

The letter the students suggest people send to elected officials contends that
large federal cuts would also hurt employment in Brooklyn.

Junior Eusebia Griffith, 17, said she didn't know much about budget cuts before
the project, but the subject piqued her curiosity.

"I am interested in getting into the medical field," she said. "I want to be a
pediatrician."

The letter also points out that "if enacted as currently proposed, New York
City, with 2.9% of the nation's population, would absorb 6.5% of the Medicare
and Medicaid reductions more than double its proportionate share."

Said junior Jonathan Tesser, 16, "New York State would get double the amount of
cuts because we train the largest amount of doctors here. It would be hurting
the poor the most."

Christopher Teare, director of the Berkeley Carroll's Upper School, said the
school's administration is committed to community service.

This year, students are required to do 50 hours of volunteer work throughout
their four years of high school in order to graduate.

Last year, the requirement was 30 hours. And this quota is separate and apart
from the grade-wide community service program.

"For me has to do with citizenship," said Teare. "It has to do with living in a
community, being a part of the community, and paying attention to the needs of
the community.

"It's important to understand the roles each of us can play."


LOAD-DATE: December 14, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TODD MAISEL VIDEO JOURNALISM students at Wagner get instruction from
teacher Bill Beirne (in glasses). Below, Eusebia Griffith, Jonathan Tesser, Seth
Dorman and Vanessa Grimston (l. to r.) at Berkeley Carroll School learn about
lobbying Congress.

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.
