
                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     October 7, 2005, Friday, FINAL EDITION

White House says U.S., allies have stopped at least 10 terror plots

BYLINE: Richard Benedetto

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 605 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- The United States and allied intelligence agencies have disrupted
at least 10 terrorist plots against U.S., British and other overseas targets,
including plans for two attacks using hijacked airliners against undisclosed
cities on the East and West coasts, the White House said Thursday.

President Bush mentioned the plots, which he called serious, in a speech just
after 10 a.m. Thursday. Reporters asked for more information, and the White
House released a sketchy list at 6:20 p.m.

Fred Jones, spokesman for Bush's National Security Council, said that some of
the information had been disclosed previously in news reports or on the
Internet, but, "This is the first time we have compiled a list and put it in the
public domain."


Four reporters for major newspapers, including USA TODAY, were invited to the
White House for a briefing on the speech. No further details on the plots were
provided.

Bush cited the plots as he argued that the war on terror is succeeding. But, he
said, "the enemy is still capable of global operations."

Bush said Iraq is the "central front" in the war on terrorism but freedom and
democracy in the entire world are at stake. He accused radical Islamists of
seeking "to enslave whole nations and intimidate the world" by acts of violence
and killing innocent civilians, including children.

He vowed to stay in Iraq with allied nations until the Iraq insurgency is
defeated, despite calls from some Americans to get out now.

"No act of ours invited the rage of the killers -- and no concession, bribe or
act of appeasement would change or limit their plans for murder," he said.

Answering critics who say the USA is less safe since the invasion of Iraq, Bush
asked, "Would the United States and other free nations be more safe, or less
safe, with (terrorist leaders Abu Musab al-) Zarqawi and (Osama) bin Laden in
control of Iraq?"

Bush has come under increasingly sharp criticism from congressional Democrats
who charge that he has no plan for winning in Iraq. Senate Minority Leader Harry
Reid of Nevada found little in the speech to quell his concerns.

"Once again the president had an opportunity to lay out for the American people
the facts on the ground in Iraq and his strategy to achieve the military,
political and economic success needed in order to bring our troops home.

"Once again, he failed to do so," Reid said.

Bush's policy faces a test Oct. 15, when Iraqis vote on a constitution.



Administration describes plots

The White House said Thursday that the United States and allies had disrupted at
least 10 al-Qaeda terrorist plots since Sept. 11, 2001, and stopped five
attempts to case targets in the USA or infiltrate the country with terrorists.

The 10 plots the White House described:

1. Mid-2002, plot to attack West Coast targets using hijacked planes. Plotters
included at least one major planner of 9/11.

2. Mid-2003, plot to attack East Coast targets using hijacked planes.

3. May 2002, plot to blow up apartment buildings in USA. Jose Padilla accused of
discussing explosion of "dirty bomb."

4. Mid-2004, plot involving urban targets in United Kingdom using explosives.

5. Spring 2003, plot to attack Westerners in Karachi, Pakistan.

6. 2003, plot to attack Heathrow Airport using hijacked airliners. Planning by
major 9/11 figure.

7. Spring 2004, plot to conduct large-scale bombings in United Kingdom.

8. Late 2002 and 2003, plot to attack ships in Arabian Gulf.

9. 2002, plot to attack ships in Strait of Hormuz.

10. 2003, plot to attack tourist site outside USA.




LOAD-DATE: October 07, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Washington

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

NDSU: Check pollinator, habitat plots for Palmer amaranth

BYLINE: Mikkel Pates, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 674 words


Oct. 31--FARGO, N.D. -- North Dakota State University officials are asking
anyone who has planted wildlife plots, to enhance honeybee and other
pollinators, to ensure that seed sources didn't bring in a dreaded invasive weed
-- Palmer amaranth.

It's not too late to check plots, says Tom Peters, an Extension Service sugar
beet weed specialist for NDSU and University of Minnesota.

In 2015, many people in Iowa and Minnesota stepped up to plant the pollinator
plots to help honeybees and other insect habitats. Unfortunately, scientists and
weed officials later found Palmer amaranth weeds that came from contaminated
seed sources. The contaminated seeds showed up in the plantings in seeds for
everything from household pollinator plots, to hunting habitat plots and
Conservation Reserve Program mixes.

"It isn't our intent to tell people to discontinue using the pollinator mixes,"
Peters says. He says officials are trying to gain access to lists of people who
received cost-share and technical assistance through the Natural Resources
Conservation Service or the Farm Service Agency.

"Our idea is, why don't you go out and walk," he says. "If there's something
that looks similar to what these pictures, we want to know that and want to help
you deal with that."

The closest Palmer amaranth has been confirmed in west-central Minnesota
counties, and suspected but not confirmed in north-central South Dakota.

Experts can confirm the difference with DNA testing, by spines in the axis of
the leaves or an elongated petiole. The seed head of Palmer amaranth is large
and "bristly to the touch."

A wicked cousin

Palmer amaranth is the wicked cousin of another weed pest -- waterhemp -- which
is invading much of the region and developed strains that are resistant to
glyphosate, the active ingredient in Roundup herbicide. A TakeActionOnWeeds.com
program of the United Soybean Board program says Palmer amaranth has seen
resistance in up to four other herbicides classes, in addition to glyphosate.

"That adds to the mystique you can't kill it with herbicides," Peters says. "In
the south -- Arkansas, Georgia, Mississippi -- they hire crews to go out and
rogue (pull) it and remove it."

Waterhemp is bad enough -- typically growing four to six feet tall, and
producing 250,000 to 500,000 seeds.

Palmer amaranth looks similar to waterhemp but grows much faster. The plant
grows 2.5 inches per day, or four inches in less than five days, in some
southern areas. A mature plant can grow eight to 12 feet tall, with a six-foot
diameter, and can produce 1 million seeds per plant each year.

"This is a massive plant," Peters says. The plant is native to the Southwest --
New Mexico and Arizona -- so it's interesting the desert-loving plant is having
an impact in temperate climates.

Peters says anyone who finds it -- from farmers to homeowners -- who have Palmer
amaranth should pull it and put it in a plastic bag to ferment or turn to
silage, or let it dry out and burn it. "By pulling it and letting it drop in the
field you haven't accomplished a thing," he says. "You don't want to plow it out
because that keeps the seeds in play for subsequent years. Seed is viable for
four to six years."

In a related issue, officials are investigating whether and how to make Palmer
amaranth a noxious weed in North Dakota, making it subject to enforcement by
county weed officials. Currently there are 11 noxious weeds in North Dakota. If
approved, Palmer amaranth would be the first annual weed. Weeds currently on the
list are perennials, or grow year after year without reseeding.

Farmers have a lot to fear from Palmer amaranth, Peters says. In states that
have become infested, farmers have to spend $30 to $50 per acre more than what
they otherwise would spend for weed control. In soybeans, it reduces yields up
to 80 percent.

People with questions can call NDSU Extension agents for information, Peters
says.

___ (c)2016 Agweek Magazine (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit Agweek Magazine (Grand
Forks, N.D.) at www.agweek.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161031-AW-NDSU-Check-pollinator-habitat-plots
-for-Palmer-amaranth-1031-20161031

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2016 Agweek


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 26, 2005, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

White House list of disrupted terror plots questioned

BYLINE: John Diamond and Toni Locy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 856 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- President Bush's claim on Oct. 6 that U.S. and allied intelligence
operatives had foiled 10 al-Qaeda terrorist plots included plans on the group's
wish list rather than fully formed attack plots, according to U.S. intelligence
and counterterrorism officials.

In at least six of the cases, U.S. or allied forces arrested alleged
conspirators who divulged details of operations they had been planning. Those
plots involved preliminary ideas about potential attacks, not terrorist
operations that were about to be carried out, said a U.S. counterterrorism
official and an official familiar with the counterterrorism efforts. They spoke
on condition of anonymity because information about the list issued by the White
House is classified.


During his speech, Bush provided no details about the disrupted plans. Later
that day, the White House released the list of 10 plots and five "casings and
infiltrations" by terrorist organizations that were stopped, but it provided no
detailed supporting material.

One plan, the "West Coast airliner plot," for example, was uncovered in 2002,
according to the White House. But the official familiar with counterterrorism
efforts said details of that plot weren't fully understood until a year later
with the arrest of al-Qaeda's No. 3, Khalid Shaikh Mohammed. Mohammed provided
information that suggested a plot that was not fully formed.

The official also said the arrest in Britain in August 2004 of al-Qaeda
operative Abu Eisa al Hindi led to information about three other plots on the
list, all in the United Kingdom. The counterterrorism official said two plots to
attack shipping in the Middle East were uncovered by the arrest of alleged
al-Qaeda operatives in Yemen.

In these cases, U.S. intelligence believed the conspirators had the expertise
and resources to carry out major attacks but were nowhere near carrying out the
operations on the White House list.

White House spokesman Fred Jones said the administration was careful not to
claim more than it could back up in listing the 10 disrupted plots. He said the
White House carefully distinguished between "disruptions," meaning the thwarting
of would-be attacks, and "casings," meaning the interruption of al-Qaeda
surveillance of possible targets. Jones said the information underlying the
disruptions remained classified.

While the White House wants to show it's making progress fighting terrorism,
intelligence on al-Qaeda remains fuzzy, Rep. Pete Hoekstra, a Michigan
Republican and chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, said in an
interview.

"We have to recognize what we don't know," said Hoekstra, noting that the July 7
transit bombings in London occurred without any warning. "We make assumptions,
but it's not based on the real hard insights or hard intelligence you would like
to have."

Reps. John Conyers of Michigan, Jane Harman of California and Bennie Thompson of
Mississippi, ranking Democrats on the House Judiciary, Intelligence and Homeland
Security committees, respectively, wrote to White House Chief of Staff Andy Card
on Oct. 7. They wrote that although they receive regular classified briefings on
counterterrorist operations, "the number ten (thwarted plots) came as news to
us." They requested a detailed briefing. The White House responded that it would
arrange for a closed-door briefing soon.

Tips can be unreliable, as authorities learned twice this month when information
about possible attacks on New York City subways and a Baltimore highway tunnel
proved unfounded.

Despite the frustration over the ability of al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden to
evade capture, some independent observers say the Bush administration is hurting
the terror network.

"The (al-Qaeda) leadership no longer has freedom of movement or a secure base,"
said Richard Barrett, who heads a United Nations committee that surveys
counterterrorism actions. "Many attacks have been prevented because of good
intelligence."



Administration's list of foiled plots

The White House said Oct. 6 that the United States and allies had disrupted at
least 10 al-Qaeda terrorist plots since Sept. 11, 2001, and had stopped five
attempts to case targets in the USA or infiltrate the country with terrorists.
The 10 plots described by the White House:

1. 2002, plot to attack ships in Strait of Hormuz.

2. May 2002, plot to blow up apartment buildings in the USA. Jose Padilla
accused of discussing explosion of "dirty bomb."

3. Mid-2002, plot to attack West Coast targets using hijacked planes. Involved
at least one 9/11 planner.

4. Late 2002 and 2003, plot to attack ships in the Arabian Gulf.

5. 2003, plot to attack Heathrow Airport using hijacked airliners. Planning by
major 9/11 figure.

6. 2003, plot to attack tourist site outside the USA.

7. Spring 2003, plot to attack Westerners in Karachi, Pakistan.

8. Mid-2003, plot to attack East Coast targets using hijacked planes.

9. Spring 2004, plot to conduct large-scale bombings in United Kingdom.

10. Mid-2004, plot involving urban targets in United Kingdom using explosives.




LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            April 27, 2013 Saturday

Terrorism in America: Is US missing a chance to learn from failed plots?;
Including failed terror plots in US terrorism databases would make the US
terror-threat picture more complete and provide important information for law
enforcement, researchers suggest.

BYLINE: Mark Clayton Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 1393 words


The terrorism threat facing the United States may be vastly understated, as well
as inaccurately characterized, because so many "failed" terror plots are
excluded from the nation's terror attack databases, new terrorism research
suggests.

Despite a sharp decline in terrorist attacks since the 1970s, there still were
207 terrorist attacks recorded inside the United States in the decade after 9/11
- about 20 per year on average, according to the Global Terrorism Database (GTD)
maintained at the University of Maryland, widely regarded as the nation's most
complete tally.

But what if those totals were, say, 50 percent higher? A researcher at the Naval
Post Graduate School in Monterey, Calif., recently tallied 109 failed terrorist
plots between 2001 and 2012, only a few of which were included in the GTD's
national terror "attack" totals.

Yet those failed plots are perhaps just as important in their own way as plots
that became actual attacks, some terrorism researchers say. Placing failed plots
alongside successful attacks would make the US terror-threat picture more
complete, highlight trends in terrorist targeting and methods, and possibly
reveal a different - or even bigger - threat, they say.

"One finding from my research is that the terror threat within the US is higher
than most Americans realize," says Erik Dahl, an assistant professor at the
Naval Postgraduate School, whose research has identified 227 failed domestic and
international terror plots of all kinds (Islamic jihadist, right-wing extremist
and others) against the US dating back to 1987 - the vast majority excluded from
national "attack" tallies.

In his post-9/11 analysis, Dr. Dahl found that of the 109 failed attacks, 76
were inspired by radical Islamist beliefs. But the fact that the rest of the
terror flops - 30 percent - were not inspired by radical Islam "might surprise
some people and shows the importance of the domestic extremist threat, including
right-wing militias, anti-government groups," Dahl says.

Understanding exactly why terror plots fizzled before they could be carried out
- and how far they proceeded before being stopped - is vital if lawmakers and
investigators are to accurately calibrate the scope of the threat, the law
enforcement techniques that work best, and terrorist groups' adaptation and
targeting patterns, he says.

Yet at present, only successful "attacks" or attack attempts that at least make
it "out the door" are included in the GTD, according to criteria on its website.
Cases where terrorists dropped their plot, or where law enforcement made arrests
long before any action could be taken, are usually not included.

Some do overlap, however. The May 2010 attempted car bombing in Times Square is
one such example. The GTD includes it because the attacker made it "out the
door," even though it didn't go off and was therefore a failure.

But the GTD skips the 2002 case of Jose Padilla for which he was convicted of
terrorism-related charges, the 2006 plot by five men to bomb the Sears Tower, or
the "Lackawanna Six" case of six Yemeni-American men arrested in 2002, who
ultimately each pleaded guilty to terrorism-related charges.

Failures on Dahl's list also include a 2010 plan to bomb the New York City
subway, the plot to bomb Wrigley Field in Chicago, and a plan to attack the Long
Island Rail road.

"If we know more about what caused these plots to fail, we might be able to be
far more effective in stopping future terror plots," Dahl says.

A few other researchers are pursuing a similar path. Preliminary data show that
from 1993 to 2012 there were 16 failed terror plots by jihadists in the United
States - instances where the plotters dropped their plot on their own, or failed
on their own - and 69 others in which the plots were foiled by law enforcement,
says Martha Crenshaw, senior fellow at the Center for International Security and
Cooperation (CISAC) at Stanford University. She agrees with Dahl that there is a
"tip of the iceberg" aspect to the uncounted failed plots.

Among the plots that were foiled from the outside, 32 percent had government
agents in on the plot from the beginning; 16 percent had government agents
involved after a tip; and another 25 percent involved surveillance early on, but
not active intervention, she says. Of those that failed from the inside, 10
reached the implementation stage and failed to complete, six were called off by
the terrorists themselves.

"We're trying to figure out what the big picture is, because without that we
don't get a good understanding of their target, or motive," Dr. Crenshaw says.
"For instance, it might appear as though some group doesn't attack crowds, but
data from our research might find that they, in fact, do attack crowds, but just
failed because they lacked funding or the bomb fizzled. Then in the database, it
just looks like they never had an intention of doing that. So then we're not
expecting that kind of attack."

Crenshaw's fledgling work, along with Dahl's, are both receiving support from
the GTD operators, the National Consortium for the Study of Terrorism and
Responses to Terrorism (START) at the University of Maryland.

"Data on these failed plots would fill significant gaps in our understanding of
the terror threat," says Gary LaFree, director of START. "The reason we don't
get all these failures in our database is that back to 1970s we adopted the US
military's definition of an attack - which includes a kinetic element. What we
miss, then, is the failed plots where there's no kinetic reaction. But we see
how important these are - and we want to get them into the database."

Still other researchers are finding surprising patterns in data that includes
failed plots. Until the Boston Marathon bombing, there had been a definite
downward trend in Muslim-American terrorism, according to a February study by
the Triangle Center on Terrorism and Homeland Security. But that was only
visible by looking at failed plots.

Fourteen Muslim-Americans were indicted for violent terrorist plots in 2012,
down from 21 the year before, the study found. That brought the total since 9/11
to 209, or just below 20 per year. The number of terror plots involving
Muslim-Americans also fell from 18 in 2011 to 9 in 2012.

"The number of failed plots is always going to be higher than the number of
attacks," says Charles Kurzman, a professor of sociology at the University of
North Carolina at Chapel Hill and author of the recent Triangle Center study.
"In a huge portion of these plots, law enforcement is involved almost from the
start. If we take these failed plots as a suggestion of the level of foment and
desire to engage in terrorism - we still see that the number of people being
arrested and numbers of plots are foiled have decreased in the last several
years."

The overall number of Muslim-Americans involved in those failures is tiny,
leading Dr. Kurzman to believe that Islamic terror organizations overseas trying
to recruit and radicalize American Muslims are broadly failing - despite what
happened in Boston.

Crenshaw, too, thinks there's a gold mine of valuable data in the pile of failed
plots.

"You can't even answer the question of the extent of the threat without looking
at the number of failures," she says. "Some have made the argument that all the
failures are trivial or overhyped. But you have to sit down and sort them and
say - okay, these are trivial, but here are some with much more serious
dimension. You can't just dismiss all failures as unimportant."

What they reveal, she says, are the terrorists' targets, their depth of
motivation, and their level of persistence in going after a target even if they
fail once or twice. She rattles off three failed attacks by Al Qaeda-inspired
operatives on airliners since 9/11.

"It's all under the water right now - and unless we do this analysis, we won't
have an accurate picture of the threat," she says. "You won't have an answer to
the question: How likely are these outside groups to recruit people in the US?"

For his part, Dahl agrees the line between failed plot - and Boston Marathon
bombing - can be an exceedingly fine one. If the FBI had, perhaps because of
tracking past failed plot patterns - decided to investigated the elder Tsarnaev
brother further, that too might have ended as another failed plot instead of a
bombing that killed three and wounded hundreds.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 11, 2016 Monday

Grow Forward With FMC Fungicides Website Launched

LENGTH: 378  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  Grow Forward with FMC Fungicides is a plot initiative in key corn and soybean
producing regions showcasing fungicides from FMC. "We went from having very few
fungicides to having a robust portfolio across many crops and geographies
following our integration with Cheminova," explained Flavio Centola, FMC soybean
segment manager.





 "Topguard fungicide and Preemptor&trade; SC fungicide are excellent products
for soybeans and corn, but they are relatively new to the market so we wanted to
demonstrate the benefits they provide to as many growers as possible." To that
end, FMC has created a website for plot-specific information and updates
throughout the growing season. The site URL is: FMCGrowForward.com .



 Fungicide plots have been established in Iowa, Illinois, Ohio, Nebraska,
Kansas, Missouri, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi and Arkansas. The plots will
feature an early foliar application of Topguard fungicide or Preemptor SC
fungicide. Plot-specific information and updates will be posted throughout the
growing season on the Grow Forward with FMC Fungicides website and live-stream
events will provide in-season video reports from the field.



 "The Grow Forward with FMC Fungicides plot initiative provides a great
opportunity to gather performance data and increase confidence in FMC fungicide
products," said Centola. "The website gives retailers and growers access to the
latest plot information and seasonal disease pressures anytime and anywhere."



 Topguard fungicide is highly systemic and protects against key soybean diseases
including frogeye leaf spot, cercospora leaf blight and powdery mildew as well
as key corn diseases including gray leaf spot, Southern and Northern corn leaf
blights and Southern rust. Preemptor SC fungicide has a wide application window
and offers season-long protection against a wide range of diseases including
alternaria leaf spot, anthracnose, frogeye leaf spot and powdery mildew in
soybeans. In corn, it protects against gray leaf spot, Northern corn leaf spot,
Southern corn leaf blight, Southern rust, common rust and more.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             July 22, 2010 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Eternal rest for sale, 'might be negotiable';
People trying to sell their cemetery plots find that demand for land is dormant

BYLINE: Wayne T. Price and Jeff Schweers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 754 words


Last year, Clinton and Janet Lemons put the two cemetery plots they bought in
Titusville, Fla., 32 years ago up for sale, after deciding they preferred to be
buried in a family plot in their native West Virginia.

The pair of lots and two vaults were bought in 1978 for $1,500, and the Lemons
have set a price of $4,000 -- a figure Janet Lemons, 79, says "might be
negotiable" and well below the $3,500-per-plot price that Baron Chu, a secondary
seller of plots, says is the national average.

After advertising the space for a year, the Lemons have attracted no buyers.

"We're not trying to get rich," said Clinton Lemons, 82. "We're just trying to
get rid of the lots. It's kind of like trying to sell a home."

The demand for cemetery plots and mausoleums is lower than it has been in years
and it's a buyer's market, says Robert Fells, attorney for the International
Cemetery, Cremation and Funeral Association in Sterling, Va. The group
represents more than 7,400 cemeteries, funeral homes, crematoriums and other
death care service providers in the USA.

Though no industrywide statistics are available about the glut of cemetery plots
, Fells says there's plenty of anecdotal evidence.

"People are buying less burial property," he said. "There's a growing surplus."

People sell their plots because they need the money, said Chu, who owns
plotbrokers.com in Southern California, which handles sales of plots for
individuals and cemeteries. Chu says he has a listing of 1,000 plots on any
given day. "We have a lot more supply than demand," he said.

"At the moment, there are about 5,000 cemetery plot listings across all of
Craigslist," said Susan MacTavish Best, spokeswoman for Craigslist. "Many of
them offer multiple plots, some many plots with volume discounts."

Alternative methods

One reason for the surplus of plots is the increasing number of people opting
for cremation over traditional burial services, said John Ross, president of the
Cremation Association of North America (CANA).

Other factors include the high cost of caskets, plots and burials, continued
economic unease, environmental concerns and changing religious attitudes about
final disposition, Fells said.

"There is definitely a cause and effect between the cremation increase and the
drop in cemetery plot sales," he said.

Joyce Wengert, 68, put her crypt space at Florida Memorial Gardens in Rockledge
on the market for $6,000 after she opted for cremation.

"I haven't gotten any calls on it," she said.

Cremation was the choice in 32% of the 2.5 million deaths across the USA in
2007, a bump up from 29.5% in 2003, according to data compiled by CANA.
Estimates for 2008 show a probable increase to 36%, Ross said. That number is
likely to jump to 44% by 2015, according to CANA's website.

Darryl Roberts, a funeral and cemetery consultant in Scottsdale, Ariz., said
cemetery plot sales is a difficult market even in the best of times. "The demand
is just not there the way it is for other consumer products," he said. "The
demand is only there when there is a death in the family."

Space issue

The drop hurts cemeteries with acreage to spare, Fells said, but helps
cemeteries, particularly in urban areas such as New York City, experiencing a
space crunch.

"Cemeteries with a shortage of land are making up for it with an increase in
cremation services," he said. "It takes the pressure off using the land to
provide casketed burials."

Cemeteries make up for the drop in plots and burials with crematoriums and
holding structures to store urns, Fells said. Some cemeteries have created
scatter gardens for family members to leave their loved ones' ashes. And they
still offer memorial services for the survivors, he added.

Jessica Koth, public relations manager of the National Funeral Home Directors,
said cremations have been on the rise since the 1960s, but some families of
those cremated want memorial services and even burial plots for the urns. The
average cost of a funeral service and burial is $7,300, Koth said. Cremations
run an average $1,650, she says.

Houston-based Service Corp. International, the nation's largest cemetery owner
and funeral service operator, showed an increase in cremations from 39.5% of all
funerals in 2008 to 41% in 2009, according to its annual report. The company
performs more than 4,500 funeral services and 8,000 interments a year.

"People are still choosing traditional burial," said Jenny Roberts, a
spokeswoman for SCI. "Cremation is just a percentage of the business."

Price and Schweers report for Florida Today in Melbourne

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Photos by Rik Jesse, Florida Today
PHOTO, B/W

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NATION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Dionex Corporation (California) on September 16 titled as
"Representing a plot with a mini-plot"

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,838,397, on
September 16, 2014, to Dionex Corporation (California), titled as "Representing
a plot with a mini-plot"

Inventors: Schibler; James Andrew (Santa Clara, CA), Moore; David Gordon (San
Francisco, CA), Baron; Ronald Steven (San Jose, CA), Fan; Der-Min (Fremont, CA),
Gragg, Jr.; Damon Ray (Livermore, CA), Vu; Hung (San Jose, CA)
Assignee: Dionex Corporation (Sunnyvale, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
mini-plot is generated using the actual raw measurement data, and gives a
preview of a full-sized plot which is displayed when a user expresses interest
in the mini-plot. In some embodiments, the mini-plot is sufficiently resolved to
provide the user with graphical information about the measurement data. In some
embodiments, the mini-plot is updated upon receiving new measurement data from
an ongoing experiment. In some embodiments, the mini-plot is a
mini-chromatogram. In some embodiments, the mini-plot is displayed in a table
along with textual and/or numerical measurement data for an experiment (e.g., in
listing textual and/or numerical chromatography data)."

The patent was filed on November 25, 2009 Application no. 12/626,394

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2017 Saturday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Minnesota)
Issues Solicitation for "Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) Data Collection
Services, Mid-Atlantic Urban Plots"

LENGTH: 388  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Forest Service officer has issued
requirement for "Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) Data Collection Services,
Mid-Atlantic Urban Plots"

Solicitation No: AG-3604-S-17-0009

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: January 13, 2017

Description: The USDA Forest Service, Northern Research Station intends to
initiate a Request for Proposal (RFP) procurement action and award a negotiated,
Firm-Fixed Price incentive contract for an annual forest inventory data
collection effort in urban areas of Philadelphia, PA, Baltimore, MD, Dover, DE
and NJ (most likely Trenton). The Contractor shall provide inventory data to the
USDA Forest Service, Northern Research Station's Forest Inventory and Analysis
(FIA) Unit. This data will be collected from predetermined urban forest
inventory plots randomly located across the urban areas of Philadelphia, PA,
Baltimore, MD, Dover, DE, and NJ. The protocols for this effort, including the
inventory plot design, are outlined and described in the following Field Guides:


\x95 Forest Inventory and Analysis National Urban FIA Plot Field Guide; Volume
1: Field Data Collection Procedures for Urban FIA Plots, Draft Version 7.1
(commonly referred to as the "NRS Urban FIA Plots Field Guide")
\x95 Forest Inventory and Analysis National Core Field Guide Volume I: Field
Data Collection Procedures for Phase 2 Plots Version 7.0.1" (commonly referred
to as the "NRS FIA P2 Field Guide")
\x95 The current versions of the "NRS Urban FIA Field Guide and the NRS FIA P2
Field Guide"
The acquisition will be solicited using the procurement process prescribed in
Part 12, Commercial Items and Part 15, Contracting by Negotiation, of the
Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR). A Firm-Fixed-Price contract will be
awarded for approximately a six (6) month Base Period (from approximately April
1, 2017 to September 30, 2017); and four (4) six -month Option Periods from
approximately April 1, 2018 to September 30, 2021 to the offeror whose offer,
conforming to the solicitation, falls within the competitive price range.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 115

Contact Details: 1992 Folwell Avenue - Acquisition Management St. Paul,
Minnesota 55108

Point of Contact(s): Maria T. Evans, Contract Specialist mtevans@fs.fed.us
Phone: 610-557-4237; 610-557-4040


LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                             March 2, 2017 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Adobe Systems Incorporated (California) on
February 28, 2017 titled as "Configurable animated scatter plots"

LENGTH: 226 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,582,161 on February 28, 2017, to Adobe Systems Incorporated (California)
titled as "Configurable animated scatter plots"

Inventors: Baarz; Ryan S. (Provo, UT), Cowan; Cameron R. (Provo, UT)


Assignee: Adobe Systems Incorporated (San Jose, CA) (California)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "In
embodiments of configurable animated scatter plots, a data visualization
interface includes a charting region to display data points in a scatter plot
format. A scatter plot application is implemented to receive a request to
display the data visualization interface at a client device, and initiate a
display of the data points in a scatter plot in the charting region of the data
visualization interface at the client device. The scatter plot application is
implemented to then recursively update the display of the data points based on
sequential data for each of the data points effective to animate a progression
of the data points in the scatter plot over a time duration. The next sequential
data is obtained for each of the data points and the display of each of the data
points in the scatter plot is updated at a respective position based on the next
sequential data."

The patent was filed on August 30, 2013 Application No. 14/016,014


LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 2, 2004, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Much more than slot machines, hula girls

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 279 words

CSI: Crime Scene

Investigation

Thursdays, 9 p.m. ET/PT, CBS

Plot: Drama revolves around a Las Vegas forensics team.

Las Vegas

Fridays, 10 p.m. ET/PT, NBC

 Plot: Surveillance chief keeps tabs on winners, losers at the fictional
Montecito Resort & Casino.

The Casino

Mondays, 9 p.m. ET/PT, Fox

Plot: Unscripted drama from Survivor creator Mark Burnett zeroes in on Vegas'
Golden Nugget.

American Casino

Fridays, 8 p.m. ET/PT,

Discovery Channel

Plot: Reality show focuses on the daily operations of the real Green Valley
Ranch Resort.

Father of the Pride

Tuesdays starting late

August, 9 p.m. ET/PT, NBC

Plot: An animated look at a family of white lions performing in Las Vegas'
Siegfried and Roy show.

dr. vegas

Fridays starting late

September, 10 p.m. ET/PT, CBS

Plot: The doctor is always in at this fictional high-end casino.

North Shore

Mondays, 8 p.m. ET/PT, Fox

 Plot: Love lives and career ambitions collide at a fictional hotel (in real
life, the Turtle Bay Resort) on Oahu's North Shore.

 Lost

Wednesdays starting late

September, 8 p.m. ET/PT, ABC

Plot: A ragtag band of survivors struggles to cope with the aftermath of a plane
crash on an unnamed Pacific island.

Hawaii

Wednesdays starting late

August, 8 p.m. ET/PT, NBC

Plot: Honolulu police officers solve crimes; the network promises it will be "as
gritty as any urban center, despite the idyllic surroundings."

Rocky Point

Winter, 2005, The WB

Plot: Coming-of-age tale follows a 19-year-old Connecticut transplant as she
connects with gal pals, a pro-surfer boyfriend and estranged father on Oahu's
North Shore.

LOAD-DATE: July 02, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, DreamWorks; Father of the Pride: Siegfried, left, and Roy
get animated.

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 6, 1991, Tuesday, Final Edition

Exurbia Finds Government Plot -- and Weeds It;
Increasingly Popular Community Gardens Have Moved Beyond City Boundaries

Steve Bates, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 760 words


Once primarily an urban phenomenon, government-provided garden plots are
branching out into rural areas, following the spread of condominiums and town
houses to the outer suburbs.

Even though their homes sit amid the wide-open spaces of Loudoun County, Joan
Hildebrand and Lynne Roberts have no land of their own that will support a
garden. So when town officials in Leesburg decided to establish a community
garden of rented 20-by-20-foot plots in Ida Lee Park, Hildebrand, Roberts and
about 30 other Loudoun residents jumped at the chance to rent them.

Now the two women work side by side, pulling weeds and poking ripening
cantaloupes on fertile soil within sight of the Catoctin mountain ridge and the
traditional farms of central Loudoun.

They've joined legions of area gardeners waging the perennial quest for the
perfect tomato on postage-stamp-sized pieces of earth.

Even in the District and close-in suburbs, those who provide community plots say
the demand for the land has never been greater.

Prince George's County provides more than 400 plots at three locations,
including a relatively undeveloped area of Oxon Hill. One county official said
this is the first year in memory that all plots have been given out.

"We've got more plots rented now than we've ever had before," said Jim Dewing,
who coordinates the Fairfax County garden program.

The District, Arlington County, Rockville and some other established communities
in the area have provided garden space to the public for years, and even D.C.
officials continue to find new spaces.

A District youth gardening program, nearly three decades old, has been
supplemented recently by an adult program offering hundreds of plots at more
than a dozen locations in the city, according to park official Bill Hash.

For example, at Sixth and N streets NW, in a vacant lot where a building once
stood, determined gardeners battle subterranean bricks and boulders as well as
drought to tease crops out of 20 small parcels. "Gardening is the kind of
activity that cuts across all barriers," Hash said. "A great many urban dwellers
have rural backgrounds."

Lynne Roberts, who has a condominium in Leesburg, used to live in the country.
Despite -- or perhaps because of -- her experiences in the wild, she watches her
step while examining her corn and zucchini plants in her Leesburg plot. "I've
seen a blacksnake out here," she said.

She and Hildebrand, and some of the other regulars at the garden, have developed
a camaraderie through the hot, dry days that test the soul. They share and trade
their overflow crops.

The two women have different philosophies about their tasks. Hildebrand says her
primary motivation is lightening her grocery bill, while Roberts contends that
the best part is the joy of working the soil while deer and butterflies inspect
her progress.

Hildebrand and her husband, Glenn, whose own yard is too shady for gardening,
undertook plot gardening to see "how much produce we can get for how little
money," she said.

It cost only $ 20 to rent the plot for the season, and seed purchases didn't
exactly squash their savings account. And they were given some plants by friends
and neighbors who had extras.

"I rarely buy a cantaloupe" in the grocery store, Hildebrand said. "Now I have
one every day."

Roberts confesses that she loves the vegetables and flowers she grows.
Primarily, though, "I come out here because it's really peaceful . . . . It's
therapeutic." And she suggested that Hildebrand has more than just a financial
relationship with her plants: "I've seen Joan out here talking to her melons."

Nearby, a scarecrow with a carved-wood head attests to the investment that
Loudoun residents have put into the community plots in the first year of the
program. Leesburg officials say they expect to rent all 60 available parcels
next year.

The park was a working farm for many years before the town government took it
over and tilled up the plots, and the dilapidated barn nearby adds to the
ambience. "The theme was to try to keep the farm atmosphere," said Gary Huff,
Leesburg's park and recreation director.

Because the program still is sprouting, the town has gone easy on those who
violate the rule against tall weeds and the ban on growing pumpkins, which put
out unruly vines with no respect for human-imposed borders.

Even though Leesburg has budget woes, like most governments in the area, it
plans to improve its plots with a better watering system. At $ 20 annual rent
per parcel, Huff noted, "We weren't out to make any money."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, LYNNE ROBERTS, WHO HAS A CONDOMINIUM IN LEESBURG, SAYS HER
COMMUNITY GARDEN PLOT PROVIDES A PEACEFUL INTERLUDE. MARY LOU FOY

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              July 9, 2006 Sunday

PLOTTER CAME TO U.S.; PATH-TUNNEL FIEND IN CALIF.

BYLINE: DEBORAH ORIN, NILES LATHEM and ALEX GINSBERG

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 604 words


The alleged mastermind of the plot to blow open PATH tunnels under the Hudson
River visited the United States in 2000, federal sources said yesterday.

Assem Hammoud, 31, traveled to southern California to stay with relatives, but
is not believed to have taken part in any sinister activities then.

"We have no reason to believe that he's been in the United States recently, and
never for facilitation this plot," said one official. "We have no reason to
believe that it was sinister."

Another source characterized the visit as "brief."

That source said authorities believe that, at the time, Hammoud was a radical
Muslim, but was concerned mainly with the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.

It was in 2003, following the American invasion of Iraq, that Hammoud turned his
anger at the United States, the source said.

Hammoud has been in custody in his native Lebanon since April, when authorities
caught him allegedly discussing the bomb plot on the Internet with as many as
seven others.

Yesterday, a federal source said the group intended to use Hammoud's extensive
contacts in Canada - including a girlfriend - as a launching point for their
entry in the United States.

One Montreal resident has been questioned in connection with the plot, but was
not arrested, according to published reports.

Meanwhile, House Homeland Security Chairman Rep. Peter King said yesterday that
the chilling conspiracy to blow up PATH trains was just one of several credible
plots targeting New York.

"This is not all New York has to worry about - there are certainly things out
there," said King (R-L.I.).

Law-enforcement sources told The Post the feds have hundreds of open terror
investigations in the New York area.

FBI spokeswoman Christine Monaco wouldn't confirm that there were other plots
New York should be concerned about.

King declined to discuss other plots, but said the revelation of the PATH train
plot shows why it was "insanity" for the Department of Homeland Security to cut
New York's anti-terror funds by $80 million - especially when the agency knew of
the tunnel threat.

DHS sent more money to low-risk cities like Louisville, Ky., and Omaha, Neb. -
where cows outnumber people - to buy high-tech equipment and rejected New York's
request for money to be used for personnel and overtime.

"That was the most infuriating thing," said King.

"We knew this [PATH] plot was out there and the NYPD was laying out money, using
personnel to combat it. The NYPD tried to anticipate in any reasonable way that
this plot could be anticipated.

"They were thinking outside the box, but that requires boots on the ground. I
knew that for [Police Commissioner] Ray Kelly to have a good chance to defeat
this plot, he had to have personnel, boots on the ground."

DHS spokesman Russ Knocke said the foiled PATH attack had to be taken into
consideration along with countless other factors that determine funding.

"There is a tremendous amount of intelligence information that is out there," he
said. "And there are any number of threats that could be made. The formula
involves millions upon millions of data points."

New York can make up for some of the lost money through other funding sources,
including a $1 billion Commerce Department program to fund radio
interoperability, King said.

Last week, just before the PATH plot was revealed, the New York area got a
bigger share of separate railroad-security money.

"This is proof positive that there has to be a change in thinking at DHS," said
King. "New York is the only city that was devastated twice and has had any
number of other plots against it. It's insanity."

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: - FLASHBACK: How yesterday's Post told the story. - UNDERWORLD
CREEP:Assem Hammoud, accused in a plot to blow up PATH train tubes (inset),
lounges on a beach in a family photo.  (AP) - FLASHBACK: How yesterday's Post
told the story.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                              June 3, 2007 Sunday

Plot to bomb fuel line to JFK foiled;
Three suspects - who might have sought help from JI - separately arrested in New
York and Trinidad

LENGTH: 384  words


NEW YORK - THREE people were arrested and another was being sought yesterday in
connection with a plot to blow up a fuel line that feeds the John F. Kennedy
International Airport and runs through residential neighbourhoods here.

MSNBC News reported sources as saying that the suspects have been identified as
Russell Defreitas, reportedly an airport cargo worker, Abdul Nur, Kareem Ibrahim
and Abdul Kadir.

The US Cable News Network reported that the group may have sought assistance in
carrying out the attack from Islamist terrorist network Jemaah Islamiah (JI).

Citing unnamed high-level government officials, CNN said one of the suspects had
been arrested in New York, and the others in Trinidad in the Caribbean.

The former cargo worker, originally from Guyana, had been under surveillance and
allegedly met a radical group in Trinidad, the ABC network reported, quoting
unnamed sources.

John F. Kennedy International Airport is one of three passenger airports serving
New York, and the larger one within New York City limits.

In 2005, 350,000 jets took off and landed with with 40.8 million passengers and
1.7 million tonnes of cargo, according to the airport website.

The planning for the plot was said to have been in the works for two to three
years, but sources claimed the alleged plotters were nowhere near ready to put
it into place, ABC and other media reported.

The FBI said the plot posed no threat to the public. 'There is no threat to air
safety or the public related to this plot,' FBI spokesman Richard Kolko said in
Washington.

The plot did not involve airplanes or passenger terminals.

The pipeline takes fuel from a facility in Linden, New Jersey, to the airport.
Other lines service LaGuardia Airport and Newark Liberty International Airport,
MSNBC said.

The arrests mark the latest in a series of home-grown terrorist plots that
targeted high-profile American landmarks.

Last year, seven men were arrested in what officials called the early stages of
a plot to blow up the Sears Tower in Chicago and destroy FBI offices and other
buildings.

A month later, the authorities broke up a plot to bomb underwater New York City
train tunnels to flood lower Manhattan.

A month ago, six people were arrested in connection with a plot to unleash a
bloody rampage on Fort Dix in New Jersey.

AP, Reuters, AFP

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                           December 13, 2012 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Plot to assassinate Bieber foiled in U.S.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 317 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Police in New Mexico are reportedly investigating an alleged macabre plot to
mutilate and kill Canadian pop star Justin Bieber.

The claims of a murder-for-hire plot targeting the singer have not been
officially confirmed.

A New Mexico media outlet cited unnamed investigators for its report while the
Toronto Star said Lieut. Robert McDonald of the New Mexico State Police told the
newspaper Bieber was a target in a plot that involved three others.

The Canadian singer's management, asked to comment on the reports, released a
statement saying only that they take "every precaution to protect and insure the
safety of Justin and his fans."

KRQE News in New Mexico reported that police have arrested two men in the United
States in connection with the plot to allegedly murder and castrate Bieber.

The alleged plot -which KRQE News says was planned right down to the paisley tie
that would be used to strangle victims -was reportedly foiled after the would-be
hit men were arrested in Vermont on outstanding warrants last month before any
of the killings were carried out.

The station reports that the two men were outed to police by the person who
allegedly came up with the elaborate plot in the first place.

The outlet cites unnamed investigators saying Mark Staake and his nephew Tanner
Ruane planned to attack Bieber while he was in New York City for a concert a few
weeks ago.

KRQE alleges the two men got involved in the plot while in prison, where they
met a convicted killer who orchestrated a plot that was to result in four
murders.

The news outlet alleges the man behind the plan was Dana Martin, and that he
asked Staake and Ruane to head to Vermont first to kill two former
acquaintances.

KRQE claims in its report that Martin then ordered the men to target Bieber and
his bodyguard.

The station says Martin is allegedly obsessed with Bieber and has a tattoo of
the Stratford, Ont., native on his leg.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Associated Press, File; Justin Bieber accepts  the award for
favorite album at the 40th Anniversary American Music  Awards on Nov. 18 in Los
Angeles.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      March 7, 1982, Sunday, Final Edition

Finding the Perfect Plot;
The Plot

BYLINE: By Harriet L. Blake

SECTION: Living; Help; L1

LENGTH: 1014 words


PEOPLE WHO want to raise vegetables, but don't have any land, may have a better
chance this year to find a garden plot and someone to till it.  All gardeners
can learn about growing vegetables at workshops and lectures being offered this
year by the newly formed Garden Resources of Washington (GROW).

RIFs in government agencies, the depressed economy and freezes in Florida are
causing more people in this area to try growing their own food. The skyrocketing
prices of soft crops are also helping encourage urban gardens, according to Paul
Perez, Regional Community Garden Coordinator for the National Park Service. Soft
crops, explains Perez, are literally "soft" vegetables, such as tomatoes and
green peppers, that cost a lot to transport since they have to be carefully
boxed for shipping.

Greens including swiss chard, all types of beans, squash, zucchini and tomatoes
grow best in the Washington area.

GROW is taking the names of would-be gardeners in the District, Maryland and
Virginia who have been unable to find a plot for the upcoming growing season.
Their number is 234-6300.

"GROW is working with area governments," said Allison Brown, the coordinator.
"As soon as they notify us of available land, usually privately owned but vacant
lots, we try to match people with plots in their neighborhood."

Because of the increasing interest in growing your own vegetables, most of
metropolitan Washington's garden plots have long waiting lists--though the
District of Columbia and Montgomery County still have a few plots available.

Some 1,500 urban garden plots are in the metropolitan area (including Northern
Virginia and Maryland), operated by the National Park Service, the extension
services or local departments of recreations. Most are free, but a few charge a
small fee.

To try for one of the few District plots still available, call extension service
agent Jerome Thomas at 282-7410.

Free gardens are offered by the National Park Service. Its three major sites
are: Rock Creek Park (1,000 plots), National Capital Parks/East (which includes
Fort Dupont and Oxon Hill Farm, totaling about 250 plots), and the George
Washington Memorial Parkway at Jones Point, Alexandria (50 plots). National Park
Service's Perez says they range in size from 15-by-20-feet to 20-by-20-feet. The
Park Service has reduced the size of the plots to make more gardens to meet the
high demand, says Perez..

Almost all the plots are taken for this year, but to be sure, would-be gardeners
should call the individual sites. "Each site is run separately," he says. The
Rock Creek site is coordinated by Berne Teeple. He asks that requests be sent to
him, in care of Rock Creek Park, 5000 Glover Rd. NW, Washington, D.C. 20015.
Cynthia Stith is the garden coordinator for the Northeast sites. Call her at
472-9227. The George Washington Memorial Parkway is run by Barbara Lynch, who
can be reached at 548-2891.

Elsewhere:

Alexandria has three sites, run by the Department of Recreation. Unfortunately,
says spokeswoman Marge Cooley, all of the plots are taken. To be put on the
waiting list call Cooley at the Recreation and Cultural Activities Department of
Alexandria, 838-4838.

Arlington has 259 plots, but, again, all are filled for this year. These plots
are run by the Arlington extension service. In case any open up during this
season, horticultural technician Barbara Harris is taking names, call 558-2475.

Fairfax County has approximately 1,000 plots managed by the Fairfax County Park
Authority. Call coordinator Mary Vipperman, 941-5000, ext. 288 to see what's
available.

Carl Gagliardi, press secretary for the Prince George's County Executive says
that they have just received permission to go ahead with a garden plots program,
but as of yet nothing has been set up. A small fee will be charged to rent the
plots. He asks that people leave their names and addresses with the Permits
Division of the Department of Public Works at 952-4230.

Mary Wells of the Maryland National Capital Park and Planning Commission says
that they run three garden sites in Prince George's County. The plots are
25-by-30-feet and cost $10. Some are still available at the Central Avenue site
near Bowie. Call 699-2415.

The Montgomery County Recreation Department operates four sites, says area
director Trudi Johnson: Wheaton, Germantown and two in Rockville. Their plots
are 20-by-20-feet and cost $10 a year. Plots are still available, call 468-4203.

GROW is compiling a list of garden tillers who will plow for group gardens. Most
gardeners don't own their own tiller and find it expensive to rent for one small
plot. GROW is also accumulating a resource file to help consumers find manure,
chips, and other supplies. To help property owners who want to rent their land,
GROW will help arrange liability insurance.

GROW's lecture series will begin in April, covering such topics as insects,
plant diseases, what to grow and when, solar greenhouses and energy
conservation, perimeter farms and intensive gardening techniques.

Demonstration garden sites have also been set up again on the traffic circle
near the National Air and Space Musuem (6th Street and Independence Avenue SW)
and at the National Zoo. These sites are a cooperative project run jointly by
the District of Columbia Extension Service and the Master Gardeners program.

The Master Gardeners program is a free eight-week course on gardening by
extension service experts. Following an exam, students are required to provide
50 hours of service to the community as a horticultural volunteer. Call the
Alexandria extension office for the next scheduled session, 838-4333.

GROW, a private, nonprofit and tax-exempt coaliton, is a continuation of a
project run last year by the D.C. Extension Service. Agencies including the
National Park Service, the local extension services, the D.C. Department of
Recreation and the District Environmental Service are part of the GROW
coalition. Membership is also open to individuals.

GROW is a special project of the Hunger Task Force of the Inter Faith
Conference.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, At the end of the season, the harvest.  Photo courtesy of
GROW.

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            February 13, 2017 Monday

General Electric Company (New York) applies for US Patent titled as "METHODS AND
SYSTEMS FOR INTEGRATED PLOT TRAINING"

LENGTH: 243 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170039742 for US Patent, published on February 9, 2017, by
General Electric Company (New York), titled as "METHODS AND SYSTEMS FOR
INTEGRATED PLOT TRAINING"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Williams; Scott Terrell; (Minden, NV) ; Robertson; David Michael;
(Bellevue, WA)

Applicant: General Electric Company   Schenectady   NY (New York)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method for correlating data collected from at least one sensor of machinery with
a malfunction of the machinery includes storing, in a memory, one or more
reference data sets where each reference data set is associated with a
malfunction of the machinery. The method also includes receiving measurement
data based on measurement information from the at least one sensor and
displaying, with a display device, a first plot representing a reference data
set of the one or more reference data sets where the first plot has a plot type
associated with the reference data set. The method also includes displaying,
with the display device, a second plot representing the measurement data where
the second plot is plotted using the first plot based at least in part with the
association of the plot type with the reference data set. Furthermore, the
method includes displaying, with the display device, an explanation of an
appearance of the second plot."


LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                             January 4, 2009 Sunday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

DEAD BROKE AND DEEP IN DEBT;
TRYING TO DIG THEIR WAY OUT OF A HOLE, SOME RESORT TO SELLING THEIR BURIAL PLOTS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 851 words


It sounds like any classified ad for a house or a car.

"Must sell. Half price."

Only what's offered is a little more eternal.

"Prime burial plot."

In an economy on virtual life support, people have been hawking jewelry and
furniture to make ends meet. It was only a matter of time before they started
selling off burial plots - something they won't use until the hereafter but
whose cash value could keep them afloat in the here and now.

"I need the money - nobody has any money anymore," said health-care marketing
specialist Carol Lieberman, whose parents and family are buried at Eden Memorial
Park in Mission Hills, where she is trying to sell two adjoining plots.

Lieberman, who grew up in Southern California but now lives in Sarasota, Fla.,
is one of many people giving in to mounting financial pressures by selling
burial plots. In some cases, the sales are breaking up groupings of plots in
cemeteries that have marked family trees for generations of Americans.

The economic slump is altering the entire business of dying, increasing the
number of cremations, hurting the demand for high-end coffins and funeral
services and creating a cottage industry in reselling cemetery plots that
financially strapped owners are desperate to unload, experts say.

"People are finding that their burial plot is worth something, and it creates a
dreadful dilemma ... when times are hard," said Stan Charnofsky, professor of
educational psychology and counseling at California State University,
Northridge. "It's a decision to make between the history of your family and the
current survival of your family.

"And a lot of people are obviously concluding that it's more important to
survive because you can always buy back your burial plot when times get better."

People trying to sell their cemetery plots are using everything from Internet
sites like Craigslist and eBay to newspaper classifieds to private listings
posted by plot resellers such as Los Angeles-based Plot Brokers, who cite
unprecedented business in this poor economy.

"Business is up nine to 10 times what it usually is, and, of course, it's
because of the economy," said Baron Chu, owner of Plot Brokers, which takes
burial plots on consignment but also buys plots outright from desperate sellers.

"People who we buy plots from right now are only getting 25 cents on the dollar
to what they would have gotten six months ago."

'She had lost everything'

Just a week ago, an out-of-work 52-year-old Los Angeles woman called his office
after being evicted from her home, having her car repossessed and facing life as
a homeless person on the streets, he said.

"She had lost everything except the deed to her burial plot," Chu said. "She got
$500 to a plot worth $6,800, but it allowed her to move into a hotel for a month
where she can live and look for work.

"It kept her out of Skid Row."

Most people selling their burial plots haven't sunk that low, but many view
their situation with embarrassment and don't want to be identified with their
circumstances.

One woman, who asked not to be named, became emotionally upset at talking about
how the possible sale of her plot meant she wouldn't be buried with the rest of
her family at San Fernando Mission Catholic Cemetery.

"I cannot believe I won't be buried beside them," she said.

Some of those selling plots say they plan to downscale their own burial plans in
the future - forgoing ornate and expensive caskets, fancy tombstones and even
cutting out the limousine rides.

One man selling one of his parents' two plots said they had decided to use only
one and to sell the other.

"My father said he wished to be cremated and have his ashes buried with my
mother in her plot," said John Crayton of Oceanside, who is selling the other
burial plot in Rose Hills Memorial Park and Mortuary in Whittier. "So now we
don't need the other one, and the money can always come in handy."

Most expensive in the country

In Southern California, burial plots - like almost all real estate - cost more
than any other place in the country, with asking prices ranging from $3,000 to
$21,000, depending on location.

In the past, owners of plots have tried to sell them when they moved to other
parts of the country or when they got divorced, but plot brokers say they are
seeing many people unloading plots because of financial troubles.

Some who need money, like a 68-year-old Sylmar security guard who was recently
laid off, find that their burial plots offer a good lump sum of cash - and are
ready to take advantage of it.

"My father decided to be cremated when he dies because he needs the money from
his (burial) plot to live on," said the security guard's son, who is trying to
broker a deal on eBay for $6,000 or the best offer.

Edward Berreth, who recently moved from the San Fernando Valley to Delano, has
been trying to sell four burial plots for months, listing them in newspaper
classifieds before turning to plot broker GraveSolutions.com.

"I'm offering a great deal because the money is a good incentive to sell," he
said. "But this isn't the easiest thing to sell.

"A burial plot isn't exactly on anyone's Christmas shopping list."

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             August 13, 2006 Sunday

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 7c

LENGTH: 608 words


Chicago Tribune

The triumph of British intelligence in thwarting an international terror plot
didn't have the glamour and decisiveness of say, World War II's Battle of
Midway. There were no enemy dead to count, no grisly war stories to recount.
Nothing happened, after all.

But it was a stirring victory in wartime nonetheless, one that shouldn't be
obscured by the chaos in airports around the world, or the minor concerns about
whether travelers will be able to take their soft drinks and laptops and iPods
on planes in the near future.

The plot's details remain sketchy. But what has been revealed carries all the
chilling earmarks of an ambitious, well-planned operation, possibly by al-Qaida.
The terrorists were, perhaps, days away from attempting to detonate several
U.S.-bound planes in midflight over the Atlantic Ocean, an act of mass murder
that may have been planned to rival the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, near their
fifth anniversary.

They planned to use liquid explosives disguised as beverages and other common
products and set them off with detonators camouflaged as electronic devices,
U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff said. This was real. "This is
not a circumstance where you had a handful of people sitting around coming up
with dreamy ideas about terrorist plots."

"They were well on the way," Chertoff said. That remark may have been aimed at
those who have been quick to dismiss a series of other thwarted plots in recent
months.

In early June, there was a ho-hum public response to the arrest of 17 people in
a bomb scheme in the Canadian province of Ontario. Then in late June, the feds
swooped in on seven alleged plotters in Miami, who were talking of targeting the
Sears Tower. Remember what authorities said about them? "This group was more
aspirational than operational." That got critics scoffing that the alleged
plotters were nothing more than a few mopes entrapped by their own delusions of
grandeur and a few ill-chosen words.

In July, authorities announced they had thwarted a plot by foreign terrorists to
blow up commuter train tunnels beneath the Hudson River that connect lower
Manhattan and New Jersey. Reaction? Barely a blip.

The British plot may or may not be an al-Qaida operation. But what seems
indisputable is that it is an al-Qaida inspired operation. Authorities say this
one carried strong similarities to an earlier plot to target several U.S.-bound
planes over the Pacific Ocean. That one was foiled, too, about a decade ago. The
plot was hatched by al-Qaida leader Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, who helped plan the
Sept. 11 attacks, and Ramzi Yousef, the mastermind of the 1993 World Trade
Center bombing.

Five years after Sept. 11, 2001, the enemies of America - of the entire Free
World - have not lost their resolve. Those who believe that the killing of a few
terrorist masterminds cripples them all are deluding themselves.

Terrorists probe the system for weakness and adjust their murderous strategy.
And we must adjust too. That's how it is in war.

Five years out, many Americans have moved beyond the questions that were so
fresh on Sept. 11, 2001. Why do they hate us? What sort of conflict are we in?
If we ignored them, would they ignore us?

The answers are in the plot uncovered by the British. And in the plot uncovered
by the Canadians. And in the plot uncovered by the FBI. And in all the plots we
haven't yet heard about. There are people determined to plot ever more
spectacular acts of death and destruction.

Why do they hate us? What difference does it make? They do.

Terrorists probe the system for weakness and adjust their murderous strategy.
Our foes haven't lost their resolve

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday
                               FINAL 5-6 EDITION

GARDEN PLOTS AVAILABLE;
20 LOTS OPEN TO RESIDENTS FOR FREE;
SOUTHINGTON

BYLINE:  BILL LEUKHARDT, wleukhardt@courant.com

SECTION: CONNECTICUT; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 321 words

DATELINE: SOUTHINGTON --


The town's tiny farms -- its 20 community garden plots -- are up for grabs in
the yearly application process to acquire a spot to grow tomatoes, vegetables,
flowers, herbs and almost anything else.

Except corn or anything else tall, like giant sunflowers.

There is a height limit for plots on Academy Road, which has 4-by-8 foot lots.
The lots on the East Street gardens are larger, averaging 10-by-10 feet,
Assistant Town Planner David LaVallee said last week. There is no height
restriction there.

Each spring, the town assigns garden plots to residents who apply. If the number
of applicants exceeds the number of plots, the town has a lottery drawing, with
no guarantee that past participation means someone will have a garden plot
again. One application is allowed per family.

The plots are free. Town rules bar pesticide use and require people to maintain
their plots, weeding and tending to them regularly. Only organic gardening
methods are permitted.

Community gardens are offered by dozens of Connecticut towns and cities. Some
are in reclaimed urban lots, others in open space farmland. Some of the places
with community gardens are Hartford, Bridgeport, New Haven, Berlin, Westport and
Killingly.

Applications can be picked up at the town planner's office in the town municipal
center, 196 N. Main St., or printed from the town website. All applications must
be submitted to the town planner's office by 4 p.m. April 14. The drawing, if
needed, will be held April 15.

The lot on Academy, near town hall, is serviced by town water and there is a
spigot there, LaVallee said.

The garden plots on East Street have been in use for 20 years. The plots on
Academy opened in 2010. Mugwort, an invasive weed that choked some of the
gardens on Academy, is "under active treatment" for removal, LaVallee said.

Last year, mugwort spread so much that members of the town's open space
committee complained publicly about the infestation.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                             August 11, 2006 Friday

Red alert at us airports for british flights;
Homeland Security warning system for US-bound flights raised to highest level

BYLINE: Derwin Pereira, US Bureau Chief

LENGTH: 626  words


WASHINGTON - THE US yesterday issued the highest level terrorism alert for
flights from Britain after the discovery of the London plot.

Intelligence officials also disclosed that three American airlines - United,
American and Continental - were targeted in the planned attack which they said
bore the hallmarks of the Al-Qaeda terror network.

Some of the flights were heading to Washington, New York, Boston, Chicago and
Los Angeles.

Security was tightened across all airports, barring passengers from carrying
liquids, including beverages, hair gels and lotions, aboard planes.

There were long queues as all passengers were hand-searched.

Addressing a news conference a few hours after Britain disclosed the plot to
bomb several transatlantic flights mid-air and made 21 arrests, US Homeland
Security Secretary Michael Chertoff said at a news conference here: ''We believe
that these arrests in London have significantly disrupted the threat, but we
cannot be sure that the threat has been entirely eliminated or the plot
completely thwarted.''

The Homeland Security warning system for US-bound flights from Britain has been
raised to red - the first time that this has been invoked. Red alert stands for
''severe risk of terrorist attacks''.

The threat level for all other commercial flights operating in or destined for
the US would be raised to ''high'', or orange, from ''elevated'', or yellow.

Media reports here quoted US intelligence officials as saying that the plot
involved sophisticated liquid explosives that were to have been carried on to
several planes.

Battery triggers were possibly stored in alarm clocks, laptop computers or
calculators.

Mr Chertoff made clear at a news conference that Al-Qaeda might have been
involved given that it was a ''well-planned and well-financed plot''.

''While this operation was centred in Great Britain, it was sophisticated, it
had a lot of members and it was international in scope,'' he said.

''This operation is in some respects suggestive of an Al-Qaeda plot, but because
the investigation is still under way, we cannot yet form a definitive
conclusion. We're going to wait until all the facts are in.''

There were no arrests in the United States connected to the plot.

But Mr Chertoff added that he now considered US air travel safe following the
new precautions taken on both sides of the Atlantic.

President George W. Bush said the plot is a ''stark reminder'' that the country
remains ''at war with Islamic fascists who will use any means to destroy those
of us who love freedom, to hurt our nation'', five years after the Sept 11, 2001
suicide plane attacks that killed nearly 3,000 people.

In brief remarks upon arrival at a factory in Green Bay, Wisconsin, where he was
scheduled to give remarks on the economy, he also said: ''This country is safer
than it was prior to 9/11.''

But he added: ''But obviously we're still not completely safe.''

White House spokesman Tony Snow had earlier told reporters flying with Mr Bush
to the midwestern state of Wisconsin that the President ''has been kept fully
briefed, especially as the actions by the British became more imminent''.

He also said the President had personally approved raising the terror alert on
Wednesday, after speaking twice with British Prime Minister Tony Blair - a
47-minute tele-conference on Sunday and a phone call on Wednesday afternoon.

Mr Blair issued a statement praising the cooperation between the two countries,
which ''underlines the threat we face and our determination to counter it''.

Meanwhile, Mr Snow said Americans shouldn't be worried about taking flights.

''It is safe to travel,'' he said. ''There are going to be some
inconveniences.''

Mr Snow said he did not know how long the heightened alert level would last.

derwin@sph.com.sg

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                                 July 13, 2004

Help record family history

LENGTH: 252 words


I AM writing in the hope that some of your readers may be able to help our
society with its work in Queens Road Cemetery.

Waltham Forest Family History Society has been recording the MIs (Monumental
Inscriptions gravestones) at Queens Road Cemetery for over 20 years which is far
too long.

The problem is that the society is very small and not everybody is available as
we have more out-of-town members than local.

I cannot ask people to take one of our packs (approximately 50 to 70 plots)
because unlike our members they would not be covered by our insurance. Mind you
they could join the society.

So what I would like to ask is that if anybody visiting Queens Road could just
record their own plots and inform myself it can be recorded.

This exercise has been going on by family history societies all over the country
since the early 1980s and the reason is that information can be found on
gravestones that cannot be found elsewhere which can help when researching
someone's family tree.

For the record Queens Road is divided into four areas (A has 3 708 plots B 1 974
plots C 2 556 plots and D 2 538 plots).

We have practically finished A and C and are now working on B. We have over 9
500 surnames related to different plots on record and of the plots not yet fully
recorded we find another two surnames in about 70 plots that we did not know
about.

BARRIE F. BURTON Hon Secretary Waltham Forest Family History Society 49 Sky
Peals Road Woodford Green Essex. IG8 9NE

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2004 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             August 14, 2006 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Fearing wider U.S. plot, investigators raced clock;
For weeks, 200 FBI agents secretly scoured nation for terrorism accomplices

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1612 words


WASHINGTON -- Nearly a month ago, after British authorities secretly tipped
their U.S. counterparts about a plot to destroy up to 10 commercial airliners,
top federal officials began considering an even more frightening scenario: What
if British intelligence officials had not recognized the full scope of the
threat?

U.S. officials worried that British investigators involved in the surveillance
of two dozen suspects could be misinterpreting possibly coded communications and
that the suspects might actually be planning to launch attacks -- or a second
wave -- from U.S. airports.

The chilling prospect, outlined by three federal law enforcement officials, was
one of many early unknowns that added extra urgency to a mushrooming global
investigation and sent U.S. investigators on a frantic sprint throughout the
country to thwart a potential catastrophe on the scale of the Sept. 11, 2001,
attacks that killed nearly 3,000 people.

As the investigation continued, there was another risk U.S. officials
considered. They believed they could not impose stricter screening at U.S.
airports as a backstop against the new threat because that would tip off the
British suspects or possible U.S. accomplices, and the suspects could scatter
before being apprehended.

In the end, federal authorities found no immediate evidence of U.S. links to the
reportedly well-advanced terrorist operation based in London.

The United States remains vigilant, Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff
said Sunday, citing concerns that terror groups may "think we are distracted."

"We haven't fully analyzed the evidence, and therefore, we're still concerned
there may be some plotters who are out there," he said on Fox News Sunday. "We
also have to be concerned about other groups that may seize the opportunity to
carry out attacks."

Secrecy, speed were essential

The fast-moving investigation in the USA, parallel to the British inquiry,
offered one of the most dramatic tests of federal law enforcement's response
systems since Sept. 11.

The U.S. law enforcement officials provided details of the investigation to USA
TODAY but did not want to be identified because of the sensitivity of the
inquiry. The officials participated in the investigation or were briefed by
those who did.

Before British authorities arrested 24 people last week and revealed the plot to
carry on board liquids and gels that could be mixed into an explosive, at least
200 FBI agents were quietly dispatched throughout the USA in a frantic search
for possible accomplices.

None has been found so far. But the name of each British suspect was checked
against financial records and visa records. Agents examined passenger manifests
for past and future flights into New York, Washington, Chicago, Los Angeles, San
Francisco, Detroit, Boston and other cities with flights from London.

As investigators worked in secret, taking care not to alert the subjects of the
expanding British surveillance, new leads produced a brief spike in requests for
wiretaps here to monitor communications and movement of possible suspects.

The U.S. officials said the requirement to maintain secrecy was made clear when
British authorities first provided the United States with the suspects' names
and the scope of the alleged plot in July. Information was held so closely that
some key divisions of the government's aviation security were not immediately
informed.

Much of the investigation involved examining vast government databases of
airline manifests, immigration records and telephone calls in and out of the
USA.

When agents did question potential witnesses, they took precautions not to spoil
the British surveillance operation or to alert potential suspects here, sending
them underground.

"It was a significant challenge because of the close-hold nature of the
information," one official said.

Tense atmosphere at times

Working with the names of the British suspects, investigators did find records
of some telephone contacts between Britain and the USA. In short order, it was
determined that the calls either involved associates of the suspects or benign
family communication that was deemed unrelated to the alleged plot, the
officials said.

The pace of the investigation accelerated by the day because of the potential
scale of the plot, and the anxiety levels heightened, officials said. The
officials acknowledged that the requirement to maintain secrecy created some
tension between U.S. and British authorities.

The secrecy meant the government was unable to immediately implement stricter
airport screening to catch liquid-based explosives involved in the alleged plot,
leaving flights vulnerable to possible attack.

As a result, the government had to rely on other techniques to thwart an
assault. Applications to a special federal court for secret wiretaps, for
example, tripled during the past month to assist in monitoring communication
throughout the country, another of the U.S. officials said.

This official did not indicate whether the government augmented surveillance
with its controversial wiretapping program that bypasses the need for a
court-approved warrant. That strategy involves eavesdropping on telephone calls
into or out of the United States in which one party has ties to terrorists.

Property records, wiretaps

At FBI headquarters, Director Robert Mueller and Deputy Director John Pistole
managed the agents' work from Mueller's executive suite. Days began as early as
5:30 a.m. and ran into the early hours of the next day. Mueller, Pistole and
other top deputies huddled up to five times a day in strategy meetings and in
consultations with British authorities.

At the Justice Department, Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and Deputy Attorney
General Paul McNulty got daily updates while reviewing the increasing number of
applications for wiretap requests. Gonzales, who was out of town the weekend
before the plot became public, was briefed by a secure telephone link.

Additional agents were drafted from many of the bureau's 56 field offices around
the country. Some tasks ranged from the menial -- perhaps a property record
search -- to surveillance of a possible witness or associate of the plot.

A major worry, the first official acknowledged, was whether British
investigators had a full grasp of the operation's scope.

British investigators told their U.S. counterparts that intelligence based on
intense surveillance indicated the plan was to attack flights from London to the
USA.

"Is that, in fact, what they (the suspects) meant?" that U.S. official said,
recounting his early concern. "Or is it code that they would use other starting
points? Are there others here in the U.S. scheduled on outbound flights?"

Reviews of airline manifests concluded there was no suspicious travel involving
the suspects into the USA. There also was no immediate evidence that any of the
suspects had purchased tickets for future flights, although British authorities
have indicated some of the suspects had allegedly reviewed flight schedules and
were homing in on specific flights.

The timing of last week's decision to arrest the British suspects, U.S.
officials said, was due to several factors.

*Pakistan was arresting suspects there in connection with the London plot.

*A few key suspects had returned to London from Pakistan where they allegedly
participated in training and planning meetings.

*There also was evidence indicating that some of the suspects were planning a
dry run soon to test their ability to smuggle components of the liquid-based
explosives past airport screeners.

At the same time, U.S. authorities were pushing the British so stricter airport
screening to ban liquids and gels could begin here.

Although British authorities believe they have captured the major players in the
plot, they acknowledged there may be additional suspects still at large. Home
Secretary John Reid said Sunday that authorities were conducting two dozen
separate counterterrorism investigations in Britain.

'Still people out there'

"We believe we have the main targets from this particular surveillance and plot
," Reid told the British Broadcasting Corp.

"(But) there are still people out there who would carry out such attacks," he
said.

Based on British interrogations of the suspects and evidence collected in a
search of their residences, U.S. authorities are following a new stream of
leads.

The high level of alert in Britain and the USA "suggests a real uncertainty
about whether they have fully plumbed the scope of the plot, and whether they've
wrapped everybody up," Chertoff said on ABC's This Week. "They also have to be
concerned about copycats -- other groups that may think they have the
opportunity to carry out a plot."

Chertoff said that the investigation will continue and that the Justice
Department is weighing whether to bring criminal charges against any of the
suspects held in Britain.

Chertoff said he would like to see a renewed look at U.S. laws that could give
authorities here more flexibility to conduct electronic surveillance of possible
suspects as well as detain them for longer periods of time, noting the British
have such latitude.

"I don't think there's any specific authority I would suggest we need now," he
said. "But I certainly think preserving this maximum flexibility in surveillance
of transactions and communications is going to continue to be a critical element
if we're going to prevent these attacks.

"What helped the British in this case is the ability to be nimble, to be fast,
to be flexible, to operate based on fast-moving information," Chertoff said. "We
have to make sure our legal system allows us to do that. It's not like the 20th
century, where you had time to get warrants."

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Kevin Moloney for USA TODAY
PHOTO, B/W, Chitose Suzuki, AP
PHOTO, B/W, Freddie Lee, Fox News Sunday, via AP
PHOTO, B/W, Luke MacGregor, Reuters

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COVER STORY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Record (Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario)

                             August 11, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Plot recalls foiled 1995 al-Qaida scheme

BYLINE: Hearst Newspapers

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 636  words


The alleged plot by terrorists to use liquid explosives to simultaneously
destroy as many as 10 airliners crossing the Atlantic closely resembles a foiled
al-Qaida operation in 1995 to blow up 12 U.S.-bound airliners crossing the
Pacific, aviation security specialists said yesterday.

The 1995 plot -- conceived by Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and
staged by his nephew Ramzi Yousef -- was inadvertently disrupted by Philippine
authorities after terrorists' explosives caught fire in the kitchen sink of
their Manila apartment.

When Philippine authorities responded to neighbours' complaints of a chemical
odour and smoke, they found storage containers with a variety of chemicals, two
large bottles of nitroglycerine, electronic fuses and timers, and an Arabic text
describing the fabrication of liquid explosives.

Authorities managed to arrest one of the apartment residents -- Abdul Hakim
Murad -- and seize Yousef's laptop computer with incriminating details that
included trans-Pacific flight schedules, calculations of bomb detonation times
and a computer file entitled "Bojinka" -- the code name for the secret
operation.

Investigators concluded that five al-Qaida operatives were preparing to sneak
nitroglycerin in bottles marked "contact lens solution" aboard as many as 12
U.S.-bound airliners where the explosive liquid would be detonated by
time-delayed electronic devices.

The plotters, led by Yousef, carried out dry runs for their plan. Yousef
rehearsed leaving the liquid explosive and detonator aboard an aircraft,
secreting the device onto a Philippine Airlines jumbo jet flying from Manila to
Tokyo. The bomb exploded on Dec. 11, 1994, killing a Japanese man and injuring
10 passengers, forcing the plane to make an emergency landing in Okinawa.

Yousef, 38, is serving life imprisonment in Colorado, following conviction for
the 1995 plot and the 1993 truck bombing of the World Trade Center. Khalid
Sheikh Mohammed remains in CIA custody overseas.

Douglas Laird, a former career Secret Service agent and security chief for
Northwest Airlines who runs an aviation security consulting firm, noted that
both the London-based and Manila-based operations planned to use liquid
explosives carried aboard aircraft in carry-on luggage to be ignited by
detonators made from common electronic devices such as digital watches.

A key difference was that the London-based plotters, with still-to-be determined
links to Pakistan, apparently were going to rely on suicide bombers. In
contrast, the 1995 Manila-based plot called for the al-Qaida operatives to leave
the nitroglycerin-based time bombs aboard aircraft when they got off the planes
at intermediate stops before the flights headed across the Pacific to
destinations including San Francisco, Los Angeles, Honolulu and Portland, Maine.

"I see the latest attempt as a refinement of the earlier plot," Laird said.

The London plotters apparently planned to mix explosives on board rather than
use the volatile nitroglycerine that was planned for the operation 11 years ago.

"I'm surprised they've waited that long to try this, 10 or 11 years, when the
current system still has no way to detect such liquid explosives," Laird said.

John Magaw, a former head of the U.S. Transportation Security Administration and
a former head of the U.S. Secret Service, said the London plot shows terrorists
continue to tweak their attempts to destroy jets.

The London-based plot is "not something new," Magaw emphasized on CNN.
Investigators are finding that the latest plot is "going to pretty much mirror"
the Philippine plot. "Had there not been a fire, we would not have discovered
it," Magaw said, referring to the Manila arrests. Terrorists "still feel that
this is feasible -- to bring back a plan, use it again, refine it. I believe
that's what we are seeing."

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Ramzi Yousef is serving a life sentence after being convicted in
a 1995 plot security experts say is similar to the plot foiled yesterday in
Britain.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NEWS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              June 15, 2007 Friday
                                 Idaho Edition

Why so little coverage of JFK plot?;

SECTION: B; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 617 words


QUESTION: I watched the breaking news on television regarding the foiled attack
on JFK airport on Saturday morning. I then had to leave town and saw or read
nothing until I arrived home Sunday afternoon. I opened the Sunday
Spokesman-Review and expected to see headlines and a full story with photographs
and maps of the area regarding this frightening potential attack, only to find
the lead story on the front page an article that seemed to me to be of no
earthshaking importance and could have been relegated to one of the inside
pages. So I was forced again to leave the paper behind and turn to television
once again for a more in-depth report regarding this event.

So here is my question to you: If the plot had not failed would the story have
then qualified for better position on your front page? - Richard Emerson, Post
Falls

ANSWER: If the JFK plot had not failed we certainly would have played it bigger
on the page. We make similar decisions on stories of this nature all the time. A
failed plot, in most instances, is not as newsworthy as a destructive plot that
succeeds.

Unfortunately, terrorist plots have become all too common in our world today.
When a plot fails, it is less significant unless there are extremely unusual
circumstances involved. I would note that Monday's New York Times contained a
follow-up story on the plot on Page A19, not the front page. And it quotes the
U.S. attorney involved in the court proceedings as saying the "public was never
at risk" and that law enforcement "had stopped this plot long before it ever had
a chance to be carried out."

I also need to point out that we're a local newspaper and we place the bulk of
our emphasis on local news. I'm not sure to which of our front-page stories you
were referring when you wrote that one could have gone on an inside page. The
story about low-income residents who are about to be evicted was every bit as
important to our readers this past weekend as a failed plot on the East Coast.
With a heated mayoral and city council election coming up this summer in
Spokane, I would argue the story about the candidacy filings this week is
equally important. - Gary Graham, managing editor

WHY NOT 'TAX EFFECT' GAS PRICES?

QUESTION: I'm curious why media outlets in general and the S-R in particular
don't "tax effect" gasoline prices in comparison reporting. While the federal
fuel tax on gasoline road fuel is uniform, the state taxes are not. Thus,
comparing pump prices in Spokane with those in Post Falls or Coeur d'Alene
without adjusting for the state tax differential seems to result in inaccurate
reporting. This type of reporting seems to be uniform throughout the land and, I
suspect, masks regional marketing ploys by the vendors. Thanks for answering my
question. - Eugene Tracy, Spokane

ANSWER: We probably should include that element in future reporting. I guess my
feeling is that our reporting on state gas taxes by our legislative reporters
has been thorough and it is a factor in the price per gallon of which people are
aware. It seems to me that what consumers are most interested in knowing is how
much gas costs, where they can get it the cheapest and why it is that prices are
above or below national averages in our region. While that last factor can be a
hard one to nail down, the statewide gas tax is certainly a contributor. -
Alison Boggs, business editor

SIDEBAR:

Excerpts

In our online column, "Ask the Editors," Spokesman- Review editors field
questions from you, our readers, about our journalistic practices, ethics and
daily operations.

Here are excerpts from the column, which appears in full at spokesman
review.com/blogs/editors.

TYPE: Column, Question & Answer: Ask the Editors

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            December 6, 2016 Tuesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Petrolink International on December 6, 2016
titled as "Cross-plot engineering system and method"

LENGTH: 215 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,512,707 on December 6, 2016, to Petrolink International titled as "Cross-plot
engineering system and method"

Inventors: Bermudez Martinez; Rafael Angel (Houston, TX)


Assignee: Petrolink International (Douglas, IM)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "In
one embodiment, a method includes facilitating a real-time cross-plot display of
drilling-performance data for a current well. The real-time cross-plot display
includes a plurality of data plots represented on a common graph such that each
data plot specifying at least two drilling parameters. Each data plot includes a
plurality of data points such that each data point is expressable as Cartesian
coordinates in terms of the at least two drilling parameters. The method further
includes receiving new channel data for the current well from a wellsite
computer system. In addition, the method includes creating, from the new channel
data, new data points for the plurality of data plots as the new channel data is
received. Moreover, the method includes updating the plurality of data plots
with the new data points as the new data points are created."

The patent was filed on September 4, 2013 Application No. 14/018,298


LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             May 18, 2000 Thursday

Clinton accuses bin Laden of multiple-bomb plot;
Thanks Jordan for helping thwart New Year's attack; moves to;
tighten security at border with Canada, where accused plotter lived

BYLINE: PAUL KORING, Washington Bureau

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 621 words

DATELINE: Washington


President Bill Clinton accused Osama bin Laden, leader of a shadowy terrorist
network, of plotting to "place large bombs at locations where Americans might
gather" last New Year's Eve and praised Jordan - but not Canada - for helping to
thwart the alleged attack.

Mr. Clinton also announced measures yesterday to tighten security along the
Canadian-U.S. border in the wake of the alleged plot, which involved crossings
by Algerians based in Canada.

Only the successful penetration and arrest of a terrorist cell in Jordan and, a
few days later, the suspicions of a U.S. Customs agent near Seattle foiled the
alleged plot, Mr. Clinton said.

One of the suspected bombers, Algerian native Ahmed Ressam, was arrested Dec. 14
crossing from Victoria to Port Angeles, Wash. Although the former Montreal
resident had been ordered deported from Canada years earlier for immigration
offences, Ottawa had issued him a Canadian passport, which he had with him when
arrested driving a car carrying sophisticated detonators and bomb-making
materials.

Senior U.S. officials have previously linked the alleged plot to Mr. bin Laden,
but Mr. Clinton's comments, made in a speech to the U.S. Coast Guard Academy's
graduating class in Connecticut, was the first official confirmation that the
plot included planting large bombs at multiple locations.

"Last December, working with Jordan, we shut down a plot to place large bombs at
locations where Americans might gather on New Year's Eve," he said. "We learned
this plot was linked to terrorist camps in Afghanistan, and the organization
created by Osama bin Laden, the man responsible for the 1998 bombings of our
embassies in Tanzania and Kenya, which cost the lives of Americans and hundreds
of Africans.

"A short time later, a Customs agent discovered bomb materials being smuggled
[from Canada] into the United States - the same materials used by bin Laden in
other places. Thankfully, and thanks to Jordan, New Year's passed without an
attack," the President said.

"The threat was real," Mr. Clinton said, adding that once U.S. and Jordanian
authorities had thwarted the plot, there was co-operation with "Canada and
others around the world" in the continuing effort to find and arrest additional
suspects.

The trial of Mr. Ressam, 32, who faces multiple charges of conspiring to commit
international terrorism and smuggling explosives, is to begin July 10 in Los
Angeles. Prosecutors allege he was at the centre of the alleged bombing plot.

In New York City, another Algerian native, Abdel Ghani Meskini, 31, has been
charged with providing support to Mr. Ressam. Another alleged accomplice,
Mokhtar Haouari, 31, is being held in Montreal while the United States seeks his
extradition. An extradition hearing is scheduled for June 13-15.

Mr. Clinton cited the alleged plot as justification for his announcement of
$300-million (U.S.) to expand antiterrorism work. The measures will include a
new task force to co-ordinate the efforts of various U.S. intelligence and
law-enforcement agencies, expanded forensic capabilities to help detect false
identity papers, an "asset tracking centre" to follow terrorist financing and
more prosecutors dedicated to terrorism cases.

The new measures also include installation of high-resolution, day- and
night-camera technology and other advanced monitoring equipment along the border
with Canada, the White House said. The United States allots $9-billion a year in
its budget to fight terrorism.

Mr. bin Laden, a Saudi exile believed to be in Afghanistan, is among 17 people
charged in a U.S. federal indictment with conspiracy to kill Americans in the
embassy bombing cases. Six are in custody in the United States and three
overseas.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2000 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                               NERO Massachusetts

                              112 Parting Ways Rd
                              Kingston,  MA 02364
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.neromass.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Nero Massachusetts - Ravenholt is now offering a paid plot submission option.
Note that that all players are encouraged to send us plot submissions at any
time, free of cost.  Plot submissions help us to track what you're interested in
as a player character, and assist us in attempting to provide the best LARP
experience that we can for you the player. Plot submissions can be sent to Nero
Massachusetts Plot at any time. The ultimate goal is to for our players to feel
a deeper involvement in the game, and plot submissions of any kind are one way
to accomplish that goal.  Just to be clear, we'll detail the various sorts of
plot submissions available to our players. Hopefully this will make the process
clear, and more accessible to players new and old alike.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 9, 2010 Friday

Three Britons found guilty in suicide bomb plot

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 380 words



HIGHLIGHT: Three Britons were convicted of plotting to murder hundreds of people
in suicide bombings after being recruited by an al Qaeda-inspired cell bent on
blowing up transatlantic airliners bound for North America.



 The three men, who recorded martyrdom videos threatening waves of attacks
against Britain and the United States, worked with the gang that planned to
bring down planes with home-made liquid bombs reports Reuters.



 Their conviction follows one of Britain's biggest counter-terrorism
investigations and a series of trials around a plot that prosecutors said could
have been on the same scale as the 9/11 attacks. Twelve people have now been
convicted in connection with the plot that led to extra security checks at
airports worldwide and tight restrictions on passengers carrying liquids onto
planes.

 The three convicted on Thursday had faced two previous trials in 2008 and 2009.
A jury at their first trial failed to agree a verdict. They were acquitted at
the second trial of knowing that the plot was targeting planes. Prosecutors made
the unusual decision to push for a third trial where the three faced a broader
charge of conspiracy to murder, replacing the previous charge of plotting to
kill people on airliners.

 Ibrahim Savant, Arafat Waheed Khan and Waheed Zaman were convicted by a jury at
Woolwich Crown Court, east London, and will be sentenced on Friday, the Press
Association reported. They face a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.

 'MID-AIR EXPLOSIONS'

 The court heard how the plot involved smuggling liquid bombs in soft drinks
bottles onto planes bound for North America. A team of suicide bombers planned
to assemble and detonate the hydrogen peroxide devices in mid-air. The plot's
ringleader, Abdulla Ahmed Ali, identified seven flights to San Francisco,
Toronto, Montreal, Washington, New York and Chicago that left London within
2-1/2 hours of each other. Ali was jailed for life last September.

 In his video, Ali said the attacks would be punishment from "the people of
Islam" for Western attempts "to humiliate us, kill us and destroy us." In the
latest trial, the jury rejected the three men's defence that the plot was part
of an elaborate publicity stunt.
 Sue Hemming, head of the Crown Prosecution Service's counter-terrorism
division, said the plot was intended "to cause death and injury on a massive
scale."

 "These men were involved in a calculated and sophisticated plot to create a
terrorist event of major proportions," she said in a statement.




LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 9, 2010 Friday

Three Britons found guilty in suicide bomb plot

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 380 words



HIGHLIGHT: Three Britons were convicted of plotting to murder hundreds of people
in suicide bombings after being recruited by an al Qaeda-inspired cell bent on
blowing up transatlantic airliners bound for North America.



 The three men, who recorded martyrdom videos threatening waves of attacks
against Britain and the United States, worked with the gang that planned to
bring down planes with home-made liquid bombs reports Reuters.



 Their conviction follows one of Britain's biggest counter-terrorism
investigations and a series of trials around a plot that prosecutors said could
have been on the same scale as the 9/11 attacks. Twelve people have now been
convicted in connection with the plot that led to extra security checks at
airports worldwide and tight restrictions on passengers carrying liquids onto
planes.

 The three convicted on Thursday had faced two previous trials in 2008 and 2009.
A jury at their first trial failed to agree a verdict. They were acquitted at
the second trial of knowing that the plot was targeting planes. Prosecutors made
the unusual decision to push for a third trial where the three faced a broader
charge of conspiracy to murder, replacing the previous charge of plotting to
kill people on airliners.

 Ibrahim Savant, Arafat Waheed Khan and Waheed Zaman were convicted by a jury at
Woolwich Crown Court, east London, and will be sentenced on Friday, the Press
Association reported. They face a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.

 'MID-AIR EXPLOSIONS'

 The court heard how the plot involved smuggling liquid bombs in soft drinks
bottles onto planes bound for North America. A team of suicide bombers planned
to assemble and detonate the hydrogen peroxide devices in mid-air. The plot's
ringleader, Abdulla Ahmed Ali, identified seven flights to San Francisco,
Toronto, Montreal, Washington, New York and Chicago that left London within
2-1/2 hours of each other. Ali was jailed for life last September.

 In his video, Ali said the attacks would be punishment from "the people of
Islam" for Western attempts "to humiliate us, kill us and destroy us." In the
latest trial, the jury rejected the three men's defence that the plot was part
of an elaborate publicity stunt.
 Sue Hemming, head of the Crown Prosecution Service's counter-terrorism
division, said the plot was intended "to cause death and injury on a massive
scale."

 "These men were involved in a calculated and sophisticated plot to create a
terrorist event of major proportions," she said in a statement.




LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 9, 2010 Friday

Three Britons found guilty in suicide bomb plot

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 380 words



HIGHLIGHT: Three Britons were convicted of plotting to murder hundreds of people
in suicide bombings after being recruited by an al Qaeda-inspired cell bent on
blowing up transatlantic airliners bound for North America.



 The three men, who recorded martyrdom videos threatening waves of attacks
against Britain and the United States, worked with the gang that planned to
bring down planes with home-made liquid bombs reports Reuters.



 Their conviction follows one of Britain's biggest counter-terrorism
investigations and a series of trials around a plot that prosecutors said could
have been on the same scale as the 9/11 attacks. Twelve people have now been
convicted in connection with the plot that led to extra security checks at
airports worldwide and tight restrictions on passengers carrying liquids onto
planes.

 The three convicted on Thursday had faced two previous trials in 2008 and 2009.
A jury at their first trial failed to agree a verdict. They were acquitted at
the second trial of knowing that the plot was targeting planes. Prosecutors made
the unusual decision to push for a third trial where the three faced a broader
charge of conspiracy to murder, replacing the previous charge of plotting to
kill people on airliners.

 Ibrahim Savant, Arafat Waheed Khan and Waheed Zaman were convicted by a jury at
Woolwich Crown Court, east London, and will be sentenced on Friday, the Press
Association reported. They face a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.

 'MID-AIR EXPLOSIONS'

 The court heard how the plot involved smuggling liquid bombs in soft drinks
bottles onto planes bound for North America. A team of suicide bombers planned
to assemble and detonate the hydrogen peroxide devices in mid-air. The plot's
ringleader, Abdulla Ahmed Ali, identified seven flights to San Francisco,
Toronto, Montreal, Washington, New York and Chicago that left London within
2-1/2 hours of each other. Ali was jailed for life last September.

 In his video, Ali said the attacks would be punishment from "the people of
Islam" for Western attempts "to humiliate us, kill us and destroy us." In the
latest trial, the jury rejected the three men's defence that the plot was part
of an elaborate publicity stunt.
 Sue Hemming, head of the Crown Prosecution Service's counter-terrorism
division, said the plot was intended "to cause death and injury on a massive
scale."

 "These men were involved in a calculated and sophisticated plot to create a
terrorist event of major proportions," she said in a statement.




LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 9, 2010 Friday

Three Britons found guilty in suicide bomb plot

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 380 words



HIGHLIGHT: Three Britons were convicted of plotting to murder hundreds of people
in suicide bombings after being recruited by an al Qaeda-inspired cell bent on
blowing up transatlantic airliners bound for North America.



 The three men, who recorded martyrdom videos threatening waves of attacks
against Britain and the United States, worked with the gang that planned to
bring down planes with home-made liquid bombs reports Reuters.



 Their conviction follows one of Britain's biggest counter-terrorism
investigations and a series of trials around a plot that prosecutors said could
have been on the same scale as the 9/11 attacks. Twelve people have now been
convicted in connection with the plot that led to extra security checks at
airports worldwide and tight restrictions on passengers carrying liquids onto
planes.

 The three convicted on Thursday had faced two previous trials in 2008 and 2009.
A jury at their first trial failed to agree a verdict. They were acquitted at
the second trial of knowing that the plot was targeting planes. Prosecutors made
the unusual decision to push for a third trial where the three faced a broader
charge of conspiracy to murder, replacing the previous charge of plotting to
kill people on airliners.

 Ibrahim Savant, Arafat Waheed Khan and Waheed Zaman were convicted by a jury at
Woolwich Crown Court, east London, and will be sentenced on Friday, the Press
Association reported. They face a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.

 'MID-AIR EXPLOSIONS'

 The court heard how the plot involved smuggling liquid bombs in soft drinks
bottles onto planes bound for North America. A team of suicide bombers planned
to assemble and detonate the hydrogen peroxide devices in mid-air. The plot's
ringleader, Abdulla Ahmed Ali, identified seven flights to San Francisco,
Toronto, Montreal, Washington, New York and Chicago that left London within
2-1/2 hours of each other. Ali was jailed for life last September.

 In his video, Ali said the attacks would be punishment from "the people of
Islam" for Western attempts "to humiliate us, kill us and destroy us." In the
latest trial, the jury rejected the three men's defence that the plot was part
of an elaborate publicity stunt.
 Sue Hemming, head of the Crown Prosecution Service's counter-terrorism
division, said the plot was intended "to cause death and injury on a massive
scale."

 "These men were involved in a calculated and sophisticated plot to create a
terrorist event of major proportions," she said in a statement.




LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 9, 2010 Friday

Three Britons found guilty in suicide bomb plot

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 380 words



HIGHLIGHT: Three Britons were convicted of plotting to murder hundreds of people
in suicide bombings after being recruited by an al Qaeda-inspired cell bent on
blowing up transatlantic airliners bound for North America.



 The three men, who recorded martyrdom videos threatening waves of attacks
against Britain and the United States, worked with the gang that planned to
bring down planes with home-made liquid bombs reports Reuters.



 Their conviction follows one of Britain's biggest counter-terrorism
investigations and a series of trials around a plot that prosecutors said could
have been on the same scale as the 9/11 attacks. Twelve people have now been
convicted in connection with the plot that led to extra security checks at
airports worldwide and tight restrictions on passengers carrying liquids onto
planes.

 The three convicted on Thursday had faced two previous trials in 2008 and 2009.
A jury at their first trial failed to agree a verdict. They were acquitted at
the second trial of knowing that the plot was targeting planes. Prosecutors made
the unusual decision to push for a third trial where the three faced a broader
charge of conspiracy to murder, replacing the previous charge of plotting to
kill people on airliners.

 Ibrahim Savant, Arafat Waheed Khan and Waheed Zaman were convicted by a jury at
Woolwich Crown Court, east London, and will be sentenced on Friday, the Press
Association reported. They face a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.

 'MID-AIR EXPLOSIONS'

 The court heard how the plot involved smuggling liquid bombs in soft drinks
bottles onto planes bound for North America. A team of suicide bombers planned
to assemble and detonate the hydrogen peroxide devices in mid-air. The plot's
ringleader, Abdulla Ahmed Ali, identified seven flights to San Francisco,
Toronto, Montreal, Washington, New York and Chicago that left London within
2-1/2 hours of each other. Ali was jailed for life last September.

 In his video, Ali said the attacks would be punishment from "the people of
Islam" for Western attempts "to humiliate us, kill us and destroy us." In the
latest trial, the jury rejected the three men's defence that the plot was part
of an elaborate publicity stunt.
 Sue Hemming, head of the Crown Prosecution Service's counter-terrorism
division, said the plot was intended "to cause death and injury on a massive
scale."

 "These men were involved in a calculated and sophisticated plot to create a
terrorist event of major proportions," she said in a statement.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 9, 2010 Friday

Three Britons found guilty in suicide bomb plot

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 380 words



HIGHLIGHT: Three Britons were convicted of plotting to murder hundreds of people
in suicide bombings after being recruited by an al Qaeda-inspired cell bent on
blowing up transatlantic airliners bound for North America.



 The three men, who recorded martyrdom videos threatening waves of attacks
against Britain and the United States, worked with the gang that planned to
bring down planes with home-made liquid bombs reports Reuters.



 Their conviction follows one of Britain's biggest counter-terrorism
investigations and a series of trials around a plot that prosecutors said could
have been on the same scale as the 9/11 attacks. Twelve people have now been
convicted in connection with the plot that led to extra security checks at
airports worldwide and tight restrictions on passengers carrying liquids onto
planes.

 The three convicted on Thursday had faced two previous trials in 2008 and 2009.
A jury at their first trial failed to agree a verdict. They were acquitted at
the second trial of knowing that the plot was targeting planes. Prosecutors made
the unusual decision to push for a third trial where the three faced a broader
charge of conspiracy to murder, replacing the previous charge of plotting to
kill people on airliners.

 Ibrahim Savant, Arafat Waheed Khan and Waheed Zaman were convicted by a jury at
Woolwich Crown Court, east London, and will be sentenced on Friday, the Press
Association reported. They face a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.

 'MID-AIR EXPLOSIONS'

 The court heard how the plot involved smuggling liquid bombs in soft drinks
bottles onto planes bound for North America. A team of suicide bombers planned
to assemble and detonate the hydrogen peroxide devices in mid-air. The plot's
ringleader, Abdulla Ahmed Ali, identified seven flights to San Francisco,
Toronto, Montreal, Washington, New York and Chicago that left London within
2-1/2 hours of each other. Ali was jailed for life last September.

 In his video, Ali said the attacks would be punishment from "the people of
Islam" for Western attempts "to humiliate us, kill us and destroy us." In the
latest trial, the jury rejected the three men's defence that the plot was part
of an elaborate publicity stunt.
 Sue Hemming, head of the Crown Prosecution Service's counter-terrorism
division, said the plot was intended "to cause death and injury on a massive
scale."

 "These men were involved in a calculated and sophisticated plot to create a
terrorist event of major proportions," she said in a statement.




LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 9, 2010 Friday

Three Britons found guilty in suicide bomb plot

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 380 words



HIGHLIGHT: Three Britons were convicted of plotting to murder hundreds of people
in suicide bombings after being recruited by an al Qaeda-inspired cell bent on
blowing up transatlantic airliners bound for North America.



 The three men, who recorded martyrdom videos threatening waves of attacks
against Britain and the United States, worked with the gang that planned to
bring down planes with home-made liquid bombs reports Reuters.



 Their conviction follows one of Britain's biggest counter-terrorism
investigations and a series of trials around a plot that prosecutors said could
have been on the same scale as the 9/11 attacks. Twelve people have now been
convicted in connection with the plot that led to extra security checks at
airports worldwide and tight restrictions on passengers carrying liquids onto
planes.

 The three convicted on Thursday had faced two previous trials in 2008 and 2009.
A jury at their first trial failed to agree a verdict. They were acquitted at
the second trial of knowing that the plot was targeting planes. Prosecutors made
the unusual decision to push for a third trial where the three faced a broader
charge of conspiracy to murder, replacing the previous charge of plotting to
kill people on airliners.

 Ibrahim Savant, Arafat Waheed Khan and Waheed Zaman were convicted by a jury at
Woolwich Crown Court, east London, and will be sentenced on Friday, the Press
Association reported. They face a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.

 'MID-AIR EXPLOSIONS'

 The court heard how the plot involved smuggling liquid bombs in soft drinks
bottles onto planes bound for North America. A team of suicide bombers planned
to assemble and detonate the hydrogen peroxide devices in mid-air. The plot's
ringleader, Abdulla Ahmed Ali, identified seven flights to San Francisco,
Toronto, Montreal, Washington, New York and Chicago that left London within
2-1/2 hours of each other. Ali was jailed for life last September.

 In his video, Ali said the attacks would be punishment from "the people of
Islam" for Western attempts "to humiliate us, kill us and destroy us." In the
latest trial, the jury rejected the three men's defence that the plot was part
of an elaborate publicity stunt.
 Sue Hemming, head of the Crown Prosecution Service's counter-terrorism
division, said the plot was intended "to cause death and injury on a massive
scale."

 "These men were involved in a calculated and sophisticated plot to create a
terrorist event of major proportions," she said in a statement.




LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 9, 2010 Friday

Three Britons found guilty in suicide bomb plot

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 380 words



HIGHLIGHT: Three Britons were convicted of plotting to murder hundreds of people
in suicide bombings after being recruited by an al Qaeda-inspired cell bent on
blowing up transatlantic airliners bound for North America.



 The three men, who recorded martyrdom videos threatening waves of attacks
against Britain and the United States, worked with the gang that planned to
bring down planes with home-made liquid bombs reports Reuters.



 Their conviction follows one of Britain's biggest counter-terrorism
investigations and a series of trials around a plot that prosecutors said could
have been on the same scale as the 9/11 attacks. Twelve people have now been
convicted in connection with the plot that led to extra security checks at
airports worldwide and tight restrictions on passengers carrying liquids onto
planes.

 The three convicted on Thursday had faced two previous trials in 2008 and 2009.
A jury at their first trial failed to agree a verdict. They were acquitted at
the second trial of knowing that the plot was targeting planes. Prosecutors made
the unusual decision to push for a third trial where the three faced a broader
charge of conspiracy to murder, replacing the previous charge of plotting to
kill people on airliners.

 Ibrahim Savant, Arafat Waheed Khan and Waheed Zaman were convicted by a jury at
Woolwich Crown Court, east London, and will be sentenced on Friday, the Press
Association reported. They face a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.

 'MID-AIR EXPLOSIONS'

 The court heard how the plot involved smuggling liquid bombs in soft drinks
bottles onto planes bound for North America. A team of suicide bombers planned
to assemble and detonate the hydrogen peroxide devices in mid-air. The plot's
ringleader, Abdulla Ahmed Ali, identified seven flights to San Francisco,
Toronto, Montreal, Washington, New York and Chicago that left London within
2-1/2 hours of each other. Ali was jailed for life last September.

 In his video, Ali said the attacks would be punishment from "the people of
Islam" for Western attempts "to humiliate us, kill us and destroy us." In the
latest trial, the jury rejected the three men's defence that the plot was part
of an elaborate publicity stunt.
 Sue Hemming, head of the Crown Prosecution Service's counter-terrorism
division, said the plot was intended "to cause death and injury on a massive
scale."

 "These men were involved in a calculated and sophisticated plot to create a
terrorist event of major proportions," she said in a statement.




LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 9, 2010 Friday

Three Britons found guilty in suicide bomb plot

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 380 words



HIGHLIGHT: Three Britons were convicted of plotting to murder hundreds of people
in suicide bombings after being recruited by an al Qaeda-inspired cell bent on
blowing up transatlantic airliners bound for North America.



 The three men, who recorded martyrdom videos threatening waves of attacks
against Britain and the United States, worked with the gang that planned to
bring down planes with home-made liquid bombs reports Reuters.



 Their conviction follows one of Britain's biggest counter-terrorism
investigations and a series of trials around a plot that prosecutors said could
have been on the same scale as the 9/11 attacks. Twelve people have now been
convicted in connection with the plot that led to extra security checks at
airports worldwide and tight restrictions on passengers carrying liquids onto
planes.

 The three convicted on Thursday had faced two previous trials in 2008 and 2009.
A jury at their first trial failed to agree a verdict. They were acquitted at
the second trial of knowing that the plot was targeting planes. Prosecutors made
the unusual decision to push for a third trial where the three faced a broader
charge of conspiracy to murder, replacing the previous charge of plotting to
kill people on airliners.

 Ibrahim Savant, Arafat Waheed Khan and Waheed Zaman were convicted by a jury at
Woolwich Crown Court, east London, and will be sentenced on Friday, the Press
Association reported. They face a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.

 'MID-AIR EXPLOSIONS'

 The court heard how the plot involved smuggling liquid bombs in soft drinks
bottles onto planes bound for North America. A team of suicide bombers planned
to assemble and detonate the hydrogen peroxide devices in mid-air. The plot's
ringleader, Abdulla Ahmed Ali, identified seven flights to San Francisco,
Toronto, Montreal, Washington, New York and Chicago that left London within
2-1/2 hours of each other. Ali was jailed for life last September.

 In his video, Ali said the attacks would be punishment from "the people of
Islam" for Western attempts "to humiliate us, kill us and destroy us." In the
latest trial, the jury rejected the three men's defence that the plot was part
of an elaborate publicity stunt.
 Sue Hemming, head of the Crown Prosecution Service's counter-terrorism
division, said the plot was intended "to cause death and injury on a massive
scale."

 "These men were involved in a calculated and sophisticated plot to create a
terrorist event of major proportions," she said in a statement.




LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 9, 2010 Friday

Three Britons found guilty in suicide bomb plot

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 380 words



HIGHLIGHT: Three Britons were convicted of plotting to murder hundreds of people
in suicide bombings after being recruited by an al Qaeda-inspired cell bent on
blowing up transatlantic airliners bound for North America.



 The three men, who recorded martyrdom videos threatening waves of attacks
against Britain and the United States, worked with the gang that planned to
bring down planes with home-made liquid bombs reports Reuters.



 Their conviction follows one of Britain's biggest counter-terrorism
investigations and a series of trials around a plot that prosecutors said could
have been on the same scale as the 9/11 attacks. Twelve people have now been
convicted in connection with the plot that led to extra security checks at
airports worldwide and tight restrictions on passengers carrying liquids onto
planes.

 The three convicted on Thursday had faced two previous trials in 2008 and 2009.
A jury at their first trial failed to agree a verdict. They were acquitted at
the second trial of knowing that the plot was targeting planes. Prosecutors made
the unusual decision to push for a third trial where the three faced a broader
charge of conspiracy to murder, replacing the previous charge of plotting to
kill people on airliners.

 Ibrahim Savant, Arafat Waheed Khan and Waheed Zaman were convicted by a jury at
Woolwich Crown Court, east London, and will be sentenced on Friday, the Press
Association reported. They face a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.

 'MID-AIR EXPLOSIONS'

 The court heard how the plot involved smuggling liquid bombs in soft drinks
bottles onto planes bound for North America. A team of suicide bombers planned
to assemble and detonate the hydrogen peroxide devices in mid-air. The plot's
ringleader, Abdulla Ahmed Ali, identified seven flights to San Francisco,
Toronto, Montreal, Washington, New York and Chicago that left London within
2-1/2 hours of each other. Ali was jailed for life last September.

 In his video, Ali said the attacks would be punishment from "the people of
Islam" for Western attempts "to humiliate us, kill us and destroy us." In the
latest trial, the jury rejected the three men's defence that the plot was part
of an elaborate publicity stunt.
 Sue Hemming, head of the Crown Prosecution Service's counter-terrorism
division, said the plot was intended "to cause death and injury on a massive
scale."

 "These men were involved in a calculated and sophisticated plot to create a
terrorist event of major proportions," she said in a statement.




LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 9, 2010 Friday

Three Britons found guilty in suicide bomb plot

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 380 words



HIGHLIGHT: Three Britons were convicted of plotting to murder hundreds of people
in suicide bombings after being recruited by an al Qaeda-inspired cell bent on
blowing up transatlantic airliners bound for North America.



 The three men, who recorded martyrdom videos threatening waves of attacks
against Britain and the United States, worked with the gang that planned to
bring down planes with home-made liquid bombs reports Reuters.



 Their conviction follows one of Britain's biggest counter-terrorism
investigations and a series of trials around a plot that prosecutors said could
have been on the same scale as the 9/11 attacks. Twelve people have now been
convicted in connection with the plot that led to extra security checks at
airports worldwide and tight restrictions on passengers carrying liquids onto
planes.

 The three convicted on Thursday had faced two previous trials in 2008 and 2009.
A jury at their first trial failed to agree a verdict. They were acquitted at
the second trial of knowing that the plot was targeting planes. Prosecutors made
the unusual decision to push for a third trial where the three faced a broader
charge of conspiracy to murder, replacing the previous charge of plotting to
kill people on airliners.

 Ibrahim Savant, Arafat Waheed Khan and Waheed Zaman were convicted by a jury at
Woolwich Crown Court, east London, and will be sentenced on Friday, the Press
Association reported. They face a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.

 'MID-AIR EXPLOSIONS'

 The court heard how the plot involved smuggling liquid bombs in soft drinks
bottles onto planes bound for North America. A team of suicide bombers planned
to assemble and detonate the hydrogen peroxide devices in mid-air. The plot's
ringleader, Abdulla Ahmed Ali, identified seven flights to San Francisco,
Toronto, Montreal, Washington, New York and Chicago that left London within
2-1/2 hours of each other. Ali was jailed for life last September.

 In his video, Ali said the attacks would be punishment from "the people of
Islam" for Western attempts "to humiliate us, kill us and destroy us." In the
latest trial, the jury rejected the three men's defence that the plot was part
of an elaborate publicity stunt.
 Sue Hemming, head of the Crown Prosecution Service's counter-terrorism
division, said the plot was intended "to cause death and injury on a massive
scale."

 "These men were involved in a calculated and sophisticated plot to create a
terrorist event of major proportions," she said in a statement.




LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 9, 2010 Friday

Three Britons found guilty in suicide bomb plot

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 380 words



HIGHLIGHT: Three Britons were convicted of plotting to murder hundreds of people
in suicide bombings after being recruited by an al Qaeda-inspired cell bent on
blowing up transatlantic airliners bound for North America.



 The three men, who recorded martyrdom videos threatening waves of attacks
against Britain and the United States, worked with the gang that planned to
bring down planes with home-made liquid bombs reports Reuters.



 Their conviction follows one of Britain's biggest counter-terrorism
investigations and a series of trials around a plot that prosecutors said could
have been on the same scale as the 9/11 attacks. Twelve people have now been
convicted in connection with the plot that led to extra security checks at
airports worldwide and tight restrictions on passengers carrying liquids onto
planes.

 The three convicted on Thursday had faced two previous trials in 2008 and 2009.
A jury at their first trial failed to agree a verdict. They were acquitted at
the second trial of knowing that the plot was targeting planes. Prosecutors made
the unusual decision to push for a third trial where the three faced a broader
charge of conspiracy to murder, replacing the previous charge of plotting to
kill people on airliners.

 Ibrahim Savant, Arafat Waheed Khan and Waheed Zaman were convicted by a jury at
Woolwich Crown Court, east London, and will be sentenced on Friday, the Press
Association reported. They face a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.

 'MID-AIR EXPLOSIONS'

 The court heard how the plot involved smuggling liquid bombs in soft drinks
bottles onto planes bound for North America. A team of suicide bombers planned
to assemble and detonate the hydrogen peroxide devices in mid-air. The plot's
ringleader, Abdulla Ahmed Ali, identified seven flights to San Francisco,
Toronto, Montreal, Washington, New York and Chicago that left London within
2-1/2 hours of each other. Ali was jailed for life last September.

 In his video, Ali said the attacks would be punishment from "the people of
Islam" for Western attempts "to humiliate us, kill us and destroy us." In the
latest trial, the jury rejected the three men's defence that the plot was part
of an elaborate publicity stunt.
 Sue Hemming, head of the Crown Prosecution Service's counter-terrorism
division, said the plot was intended "to cause death and injury on a massive
scale."

 "These men were involved in a calculated and sophisticated plot to create a
terrorist event of major proportions," she said in a statement.




LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                              July 9, 2010 Friday

Three Britons found guilty in suicide bomb plot

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 380 words



HIGHLIGHT: Three Britons were convicted of plotting to murder hundreds of people
in suicide bombings after being recruited by an al Qaeda-inspired cell bent on
blowing up transatlantic airliners bound for North America.



 The three men, who recorded martyrdom videos threatening waves of attacks
against Britain and the United States, worked with the gang that planned to
bring down planes with home-made liquid bombs reports Reuters.



 Their conviction follows one of Britain's biggest counter-terrorism
investigations and a series of trials around a plot that prosecutors said could
have been on the same scale as the 9/11 attacks. Twelve people have now been
convicted in connection with the plot that led to extra security checks at
airports worldwide and tight restrictions on passengers carrying liquids onto
planes.

 The three convicted on Thursday had faced two previous trials in 2008 and 2009.
A jury at their first trial failed to agree a verdict. They were acquitted at
the second trial of knowing that the plot was targeting planes. Prosecutors made
the unusual decision to push for a third trial where the three faced a broader
charge of conspiracy to murder, replacing the previous charge of plotting to
kill people on airliners.

 Ibrahim Savant, Arafat Waheed Khan and Waheed Zaman were convicted by a jury at
Woolwich Crown Court, east London, and will be sentenced on Friday, the Press
Association reported. They face a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.

 'MID-AIR EXPLOSIONS'

 The court heard how the plot involved smuggling liquid bombs in soft drinks
bottles onto planes bound for North America. A team of suicide bombers planned
to assemble and detonate the hydrogen peroxide devices in mid-air. The plot's
ringleader, Abdulla Ahmed Ali, identified seven flights to San Francisco,
Toronto, Montreal, Washington, New York and Chicago that left London within
2-1/2 hours of each other. Ali was jailed for life last September.

 In his video, Ali said the attacks would be punishment from "the people of
Islam" for Western attempts "to humiliate us, kill us and destroy us." In the
latest trial, the jury rejected the three men's defence that the plot was part
of an elaborate publicity stunt.
 Sue Hemming, head of the Crown Prosecution Service's counter-terrorism
division, said the plot was intended "to cause death and injury on a massive
scale."

 "These men were involved in a calculated and sophisticated plot to create a
terrorist event of major proportions," she said in a statement.




LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2017 Monday

Washington: CONTRIBUTIONS OF AFRICAN AMERICANS DURING WORLD WAR II

LENGTH: 5157  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: The Library of Congress, The Government of USA has issued the
following house proceeding:



  The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California
(Ms. Lee) for 5 minutes. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I include in the
Record the names of the men and women who died in World War [[Page H1252]] II
while posted in Normandy, specifically the African-American men and women whom I
will speak about.

Names of African American Men Buried at Normandy American Cemetery (NAC) The
320th Battalion served with distinction during the D- Day invasion of Normandy,
France on June 6, 1944. That day, the 320th lost two of their own, Corporals
Brooks Stith and Henry Harris. CPL Brooks Stith was born in 1922. While he was
originally from North Carolina, he enlisted in the Army in Richmond, VA in
December 1942. Corporal Stith had a family and made a living working with metal
before the war. He was decorated with the Purple Heart, American Campaign Medal,
and WWII Victory Medal. CPL Henry J. Harris was born in 1907. While he was
originally from Pennsylvania, he enlisted in the Army in Boston, MA in April
1941. He was single and worked in furniture manufacturing before the war.
Corporal Harris was decorated with the Purple Heart, American Campaign Medal,
and WWII Victory Medal. PFC James M. McLean was born in 1922 and enlisted in the
Army at Fort Bragg, North Carolina in December 1942. He was single and worked as
a farm laborer before the war. Private First Class McLean was decorated with the
American Campaign Medal, and WWII Victory Medal. He was a member of the 320th
who died later on July 16, 1944. Others buried at the NAC are listed below: PFC
Elihue E. Baltimore from Indiana of 963 QM SV CO served his country honorably
during WWII and died on April 28th, 1945. He was 27 years old. PFC Elihue E.
Baltimore is buried in plot B, row 3, grave number 20. He was decorated with a
Purple Heart. PFC Howard Anderson from Virginia of 3878 QM GAS SUP CO served his
country honorably during WWII and died on July 6th, 1944. He was 32 years old.
PFC Howard Anderson is buried in plot B, row 6, grave number 43. He was
decorated with a Purple Heart. CPL Roy Bell from Pennsylvania of 237 QM SALV CO
served his country honorably during WWII and died on July 29th, 1944. He was 21
years old. CPL Roy Bell is buried in plot G, row 13, grave number 12. He was
decorated with a Purple Heart. PVT James Blair from South Carolina of 4090 QM SV
CO served his country honorably during WWII and died on June 10th, 1944. He was
22 years old. PVT James Blair is buried in plot A, row 1, grave number 37. He
was decorated with a Purple Heart. PVT John S. Brannon, Jr. from Massachusetts
of 502 PORT BN served his country honorably during WWII and died on June 7th,
1944. He was 29 years old. PVT John S. Brannon, Jr. is buried in plot H, row 25,
grave number 3. He was decorated with a Purple Heart. PVT Vernon F. Campbell
from New York of 237 QM SALV CO served his country honorably during WWII and
died on July 29th, 1944. He was 24 years old. PVT Vernon F. Campbell is buried
in plot J, row 6, grave number 35. He was decorated with a Purple Heart. PVT
Andrew Collins, Jr. from Wisconsin of 237 QM SALV CO served his country
honorably during WWII and died on July 29th, 1944. PVT Andrew Collins, Jr. is
buried in plot J, row 12, grave number 35. He was decorated with a Purple Heart.
SGT Willie L. Collins from Georgia of 490 PORT BN served his country honorably
during WWII and died on June 6th, 1944. He was 22 years old. SGT Willie L.
Collins is buried in plot F, row 28, grave number 31. He was decorated with a
Purple Heart. TEC 4 Oscar W. Davis from Texas of 815 TRK CO served his country
honorably during WWII and died on June 10th, 1944. TEC 4 Oscar W. Davis is
buried in plot D, row 11, grave number 25. He was decorated with a Purple Heart.
TEC 5 Howard F. Ellis from Virginia of 237 QM SALV CO served his country
honorably during WWII and died on July 29th, 1944. He was 38 years old. TEC 5
Howard F. Ellis is buried in plot E, row 13, grave number 14. He was decorated
with a Purple Heart. TEC 5 William Gray from Mississippi of 3393 QM TRK CO
served his country honorably during WWII and died on July 28th, 1944. He was 20
years old. TEC 5 William Gray is buried in plot C, row 9, grave number 16. He
was decorated with a Purple Heart. M SGT Zylphus L. Greene from Pennsylvania of
237 QM SALV COLL CO served his country honorably during WWII and died on July
29th, 1944. He was 27 years old. M SGT Zylphus L. Greene is buried in plot B,
row 8, grave number 44. He was decorated with a Purple Heart. PVT Charlie G.
Harvey from Illinois of 3275 QM SV CO served his country honorably during WWII
and died on June 27th, 1944. He was 22 years old. PVT Charlie G. Harvey is
buried in plot I, row 16, grave number 10. He was decorated with a Purple Heart.
CPL Joseph N. Headd from New Jersey of 3912 QM TRK CO served his country
honorably during WWII and died on August 16th, 1944. CPL Joseph N. Headd is
buried in plot J, row 26, grave number 28. He was decorated with a Purple Heart.
SGT Luther J. Irvin, Jr. from Indiana of 237 QM SALV CO served his country
honorably during WWII and died on July 29th, 1944. He was 29 years old. SGT
Luther J. Irvin, Jr. is buried in plot G, row 19, grave number 31. He was
decorated with a Purple Heart. PVT Eugene Jones from Illinois of 3275 QM SV CO
served his country honorably during WWII and died on June 30th, 1944. He was 22
years old. PVT Eugene Jones is buried in plot G, row 24, grave number 17. He was
decorated with a Purple Heart. CPL James A. Long from Mississippi of 4090 QM SV
CO served his country honorably during WWII and died on June 10th, 1944. He was
27 years old. CPL James A. Long is buried in plot A, row 18, grave number 37. He
was decorated with a Purple Heart. 1 SGT Willis G. Peele from North Carolina of
4454 QM SV CO served his country honorably during WWII and died on March 21st,
1945. He was 29 years old. 1 SGT Willis G. Peele is buried in plot D, row 1,
grave number 24. He was decorated with a Purple Heart. TEC 5 James G. Richardson
from Texas of 237 QM SALV CO served his country honorably during WWII and died
on July 29th, 1944. He was 34 years old. TEC 5 James G. Richardson is buried in
plot H, row 5, grave number 19. He was decorated with a Purple Heart. TEC 5
Robert J. Self from Virginia of 237 QM SALV CO served his country honorably
during WWII and died on July 29th, 1944. He was 29 years old. TEC 5 Robert J.
Self is buried in plot E, row 9, grave number 14. He was decorated with a Purple
Heart. TEC 5 Edward J. Thompson from Mississippi of 388 ENGR GEN SV REGT served
his country honorably during WWII and died on March 6th, 1945. He was 28 years
old. TEC 5 Edward J. Thompson is buried in plot D, row 13, grave number 41. He
was decorated with a Purple Heart. TEC 5 Lee H. Watson from Arkansas of 494 PORT
BN served his country honorably during WWII and died on May 12th, 1945. TEC 5
Lee H. Watson is buried in plot B, row 19, grave number 11. He was decorated
with a Purple Heart. PFC William D. Adams from Alabama of 1323 ENGR GEN SV REGT
served his country honorably during WWII and died on September 20th, 1944. He
was 31 years old. PFC Joseph Allen from Mississippi of 244 QM BN served his
country honorably during WWII and died on February 3rd, 1945. He was 26 years
old. TEC 4 Florzell Anderson from New Jersey of 3116 QM SV CO served his country
honorably during WWII and died on January 19th, 1945. He was 23 years old. PVT
Issac R. Anderson, Jr. from South Carolina of 4148 QM SV CO served his country
honorably during WWII and died on December 31st, 1944. He was 20 years old. PVT
James R. Anderson from Indiana of 513 PORT BN served his country honorably
during WWII and died on October 9th, 1944. He was 21 years old. TEC 5 Alvin T.
Austin from Texas of 549 ENGR L PON CO served his country honorably during WWII
and died on December 9th, 1945. TEC 5 Daniel Batts from Virginia of 485 PORT BN
served his country honorably during WWII and died on April 20th, 1945. He was 38
years old. PVT William E. Beadle from Georgia of 511 PORT BN served his country
honorably during WWII and died on March 29th, 1945. He was 21 years old. PVT E.
L. Bolton from Tennessee of 3453 QM TRK CO served his country honorably during
WWII and died on March 15th, 1945. He was 25 years old. PVT Dan Bouie, Jr. from
Georgia of 821 AMPH TRK CO served his country honorably during WWII and died on
April 21st, 1945. He was 20 years old. SGT Bennie Boyd from South Carolina of
516 PORT BN served his country honorably during WWII and died on May 31st, 1945.
He was 24 years old. TEC 5 Rochester Boyd, Sr. from Florida of 3398 QM TRK CO
served his country honorably during WWII and died on August 1st, 1944. He was 24
years old. PVT Samuel S. Branson, Jr. from Pennsylvania of 4190 QM SV CO served
his country honorably during WWII and died on July 12th, 1944. He was 24 years
old. TEC 5 Clyde Bridges from Georgia of 3519 QM TRK CO served his country
honorably during WWII and died on May 24th, 1945. CPL Henry Brown from New
Jersey of 999 FA BN served his country honorably during WWII and died on July
18th, 1944. He was 27 years old. PFC Otis Brown from Georgia of 388 ENGR GEN SV
REGT served his country honorably during WWII and died on October 12th, 1944. He
was 24 years old. PFC William Law Campbell from New York of 435 ENGR DUMP TRK CO
served his country honorably during WWII and died on August 4th, 1945. He was 34
years old. SGT Robert Carey from Lousiana of 3399 QM TRK CO served his country
honorably during WWII and died on August 11th, 1944. He was 20 years old. PFC
Earlie Carothers from Mississippi of 364 ENGR GEN SV REGT served his country
honorably during WWII and died on July 7th, 1944. He was 25 years old. PVT
William Carter from Michigan of 3862 QM TRK CO served his country honorably
during WWII and died on November 8th, 1944. PVT Harold K. Chambers from Kansas
of 452 AAA AW BN served his country honorably during WWII and died on August
6th, 1944. PVT Len Cleveland from Georgia of 501 PORT BN served his country
honorably during WWII and died on January 1st, 1945. PFC Willie F. Cooper from
Illinois of 399 QM LDRY CO served his country honorably during WWII and died on
August 9th, 1944. He was 34 years old. STM2C Clarence N. Copeland from New York
of USNR served his country honorably during WWII and died on June 8th, 1944.
[[Page H1253]] TEC 5 Eddie B. Culpepper, Jr. from Georgia of 17 SP SV CO served
his country honorably during WWII and died on August 21st, 1945. TEC 4 Hoyt N.
Daniels, Jr. from Arkansas of 414 PORT CD served his country honorably during
WWII and died on June 19th, 1945. PFC William E. Davis from Pennsylvania of 515
PORT BN served his country honorably during WWII and died on April 26th, 1945.
He was 21 years old. TEC 4 Dawson E. Dennis from Pennsylvania of 658 PORT CO
served his country honorably during WWII and died on September 20th, 1945. He
was 31 years old. PVT Cecil Dorsett from New York of 815 TRK CO served his
country honorably during WWII and died on August 24th, 1944. He was 34 years
old. CPL Edward L. Drasdell from Kentucky of 4270 QM TRK CO served his country
honorably during WWII and died on November 5th, 1944. CPL Randolph Easter from
New York of 3867 QM TRK CO served his country honorably during WWII and died on
January 21st, 1945. He was 33 years old. TEC 5 Cyrus S. Elliott from Arkansas of
514 PORT BN served his country honorably during WWII and died on November 5th,
1944. He was 23 years old. PVT Leo A. Fair from South Carolina of 4083 QM SV CO
served his country honorably during WWII and died on July 12th, 1944. He was 21
years old. PFC Harold G. Foster from New York of 818 TRK CO served his country
honorably during WWII and died on August 12th, 1944. He was 28 years old. PVT
Sidney B. Fountain from Mississippi of 3135 QM SV CO served his country
honorably during WWII and died on June 3rd, 1945. He was 22 years old. MS Earlie
J. Gabriel from North Carolina of USMM served his country honorably during WWII
and died on December 14th, 1944. PVT Victor H. Gambles from Missouri of 365 PORT
BN served his country honorably during WWII and died on April 4th, 1945. He was
32 years old. TEC 5 Frank Glenn from Texas of 1310 ENGR GEN SV REGT served his
country honorably during WWII and died on May 22nd, 1945. He was 31 years old.
PVT Jessie Goode from North Carolina of 3556 QM TRK CO served his country
honorably during WWII and died on November 7th, 1945. He was 22 years old. PFC
Levester Goodman from North Carolina of 3193 QM SV CO served his country
honorably during WWII and died on September 16th, 1944. He was 24 years old. TEC
5 Ross Graham from South Carolina of 3138 QM SV CO served his country honorably
during WWII and died on August 29th, 1944. He was 23 years old. TEC 5 Tom Griggs
from Ohio of 3682 QM TRK CO served his country honorably during WWII and died on
September 24th, 1944. TEC 5 Thomas Hammonds from North Carolina of 392 ENGR GEN
SV REGT served his country honorably during WWII and died on November 30th,
1944. He was 31 years old. SGT Alex Hansboro from Texas of 434 PORT CO served
his country honorably during WWII and died on January 21st, 1945. He was 22
years old. PVT John H. Harris from the District of Columbia of 1323 ENGR GEN SV
REGT served his country honorably during WWII and died on August 20th, 1944. He
was 30 years old. PVT Roberta Hawkins from Texas of 3869 QM TRK CO served his
country honorably during WWII and died on April 9th, 1945. He was 23 years old.
CPL Charlie L. Herndon from Kentucky of 4083 QM V CO served his country
honorably during WWII and died on July 12th, 1944. He was 23 years old. PVT
William Hester from Arkansas of 306 RHD CO served his country honorably during
WWII and died on September 10th, 1944. CPL Jimmie Hicks from Georgia of 1323
ENGR GEN SV REGT served his country honorably during WWII and died on September
6th, 1944. He was 22 years old. TEC 5 Roy Hill from Oklahoma of 483 PORT BN
served his country honorably during WWII and died on February 3rd, 1945. PFC
Horace Horton from North Carolina of 499 PORT BN served his country honorably
during WWII and died on June 3rd, 1945. He was 30 years old. PVT Harrison
Hubbard from Arkansas of 3867 QM TRK CO served his country honorably during WWII
and died on September 4th, 1944. PVT George Jackson from Ohio of 624 PORT CO
served his country honorably during WWII and died on January 23rd, 1945. He was
29 years old. CPL Jinse C. Jackson from Kentucky of 549 ENGR L PON CO served his
country honorably during WWII and died on July 8th, 1945. He was 27 years old.
PVT Pete L. Jarber from Kentucky of 74 CML GENERATOR CO served his country
honorably during WWII and died on December 2nd, 1944. He was 21 years old. 1 SGT
Gelain J. Jefferson from Pennsylvania of 4335 QM SV CO served his country
honorably during WWII and died on March 14th, 1945. He was 22 years old. PFC
Henry Jefferson from Louisiana of 988th QM Service Co served his country
honorably during WWII and died on September 20th, 1944. He was 28 years old. PVT
James H. Jeffries from Pennsylvania of 509 PORT BN served his country honorably
during WWII and died on April 23rd, 1945. He was 20 years old. TEC 5 Albert
Jenkins from New Jersey of 485 PORT BN served his country honorably during WWII
and died on September 30th, 1944. PVT William H. Johnson from Virginia of 306
RHD CO served his country honorably during WWII and died on September 7th, 1944.
He was 22 years old. TEC 5 John T. Jones from Virginia of 502 PORT BN served his
country honorably during WWII and died on September 19th, 1944. He was 21 years
old. SGT Melvin Jones from Georgia of 364 ENGR REGT served his country honorably
during WWII and died on July 8th, 1944. He was 22 years old. PFC Leroy Kelly
from North Carolina of 516 PORT BN served his country honorably during WWII and
died on November 24th, 1945. He was 24 years old. PVT Selmer Kendrick from
Indiana of 4083 QM SV CO served his country honorably during WWII and died on
July 12th, 1944. He was 23 years old. M SGTJames W. Kersh from Tennessee of 364
ENGR GEN SV REGT served his country honorably during WWII and died on August
11th, 1944. PVT Nollie J. Lewis from Texas of 317 QM SV CO served his country
honorably during WWII and died on March 7th, 1945. He was 34 years old. PVT
Edmon T. Littleton from Alabama of 131 QM BN served his country honorably during
WWII and died on April 30th, 1945. He was 23 years old. PVT Lindsay Lyles from
Alabama of 511 PORT BN served his country honorably during WWII and died on
March 4th, 1945. He was 21 years old. CPL Lloyd A. Martin from Pennsylvania of
236 QM BN served his country honorably during WWII and died on November 5th,
1944. He was 32 years old. 2 LT Eddie L. May from Wisconsin of 1349 ENGR GEN SV
REGT served his country honorably during WWII and died on May 26th, 1945. PFC
Earl W. Mayes from Florida of 501 PORT BN served his country honorably during
WWII and died on May 31st, 1945. He was 23 years old. PFC Vincent A. Mayo from
New York of 4059 QM SV CO served his country honorably during WWII and died on
August 26th, 1945. He was 26 years old. TEC 4 Oscar L. Middlebrook from
Tennessee of 513 PORT BN served his country honorably during WWII and died on
April 7th, 1945. He was 21 years old. PFC Raymond T. Moore from Virginia of 1310
ENGR GEN SV REGT served his country honorably during WWII and died on September
21st, 1944. He was 20 years old. PVT James E. Myers from Virginia of 3692 QM TRK
CO served his country honorably during WWII and died on December 16th, 1944. He
was 26 years old. PVT Chester Nash from Tennessee of 505 PORT BN served his
country honorably during WWII and died on May 8th, 1945. He was 26 years old.
TEC 5 Samuel G. Nathaniel from South Carolina of 3132 QM SV CO served his
country honorably during WWII and died on March 5th, 1945. He was 35 years old.
PFC George M. Parker from Pennsylvania of 1323 ENGR GEN SV REGT served his
country honorably during WWII and died on September 9th, 1944. He was 35 years
old. PVT Lawrence Payton from Lousiana of 388 ENGR REGT served his country
honorably during WWII and died on March 18th, 1945. He was 31 years old. SSGT
Hiawatha L. E. Perry from Tennessee of 652 QM TRK CO served his country
honorably during WWII and died on October 19th, 1944. He was 34 years old. PVT
John D. Phillips from Pennsylvania of 502 PORT BN served his country honorably
during WWII and died on May 29th, 1945. He was 21 years old. PVT James H.
Pickens from Pennsylvania of 511 PORT BN served his country honorably during
WWII and died on April 19th, 1945. PFC William A. Platt from North Carolina of
388 ENGR GEN SV REGT served his country honorably during WWII and died on
February 7th, 1945. He was 30 years old. TEC 5 Ernest R. Potts from Oklahoma of
3497 QM TRK CO served his country honorably during WWII and died on March 11th,
1945. He was 25 years old. SGT Curry Purser from Georgia of 389 ENGR GEN SV REGT
served his country honorably during WWII and died on August 6th, 1944. TEC 5
Mack Roby from Mississippi of 514 PORT BN served his country honorably during
WWII and died on August 15th, 1944. He was 22 years old. PFC Jesse Rose from
Illinois of 1432 Labor Sup Co served his country honorably during WWII and died
on May 20th, 1945. He was 30 years old. PFC Paul L. Russell from Illinois of
3219 QM SV CO served his country honorably during WWII and died on April 11th,
1945. PFC William L. Ryerson from New York of 364 ENGR REGT served his country
honorably during WWII and died on July 7th, 1944. He was 24 years old. TEC 5
Booker T. Saddler from Mississippi of 516 PORT BN served his country honorably
during WWII and died on May 21st, 1945. He was 26 years old, PFC Orin D. Saddler
from New York of 485 PORT BN served his country honorably during WWII and died
on May 11th, 1945. He was 39 years old. PVT Logan S. Scott from Georgia of 951
QM SV CO served his country honorably during WWII and died on November 18th,
1944. [[Page H1254]] PVT John H. Showes from Ohio of 954 QM SV CO served his
country honorably during WWII and died on November 19th, 1944. He was 39 years
old. CK3C Malcolm Slaughter from Mississippi of USNR served his country
honorably during WWII and died on June 9th, 1944. PFC Charles C. Smith from
Missouri of 4371 QM BAKERY CO served his country honorably during WWII and died
on January 1st, 1945. He was 32 years old. PFC Frank W. Smith from South
Carolina of 1697 ENGR COMBAT BN served his country honorably during WWII and
died on July 16th, 1945. He was 25 years old. PVT Albert Suber from Michigan of
1323 ENGR GEN SV REGT served his country honorably during WWII and died on
August 21st, 1944. TEC 5 Rufus Sykes from Virginia of 549 ENGR L PON CO served
his country honorably during WWII and died on July 16th, 1945. He was 25 years
old. PFC Luther J. Thompson from Michigan of 521 PORT BN served his country
honorably during WWII and died on April 7th, 1945. PVT Vandyke S. Toye from
Virginia of 388 ENGR GEN SV REGT served his country honorably during WWII and
died on June 10th, 1945. He was 27 years old. PVT Alexander Troop from Indiana
of 165 CML GENERATOR CO served his country honorably during WWII and died on
March 25th, 1945. He was 35 years old. PVT James Tucker from North Carolina of
973 QM SV CO served his country honorably during WWII and died on July 19th,
1945. He was 25 years old. CPL Ernest J. Walker from Illinois of 4058 QM SV CO
served his country honorably during WWII and died on July 28th, 1944. He was 28
years old. CPL General U. Walker from Florida of 364 ENGR GEN SV REGT served his
country honorably during WWII and died on July 7th, 1944. He was 25 years old.
PVT David Webster from New Jersey of 3871 QM TRK CO served his country honorably
during WWII and died on June 15th, 1945. He was 39 years old. TEC 5 Willie R.
Weston from Pennsylvania of 663 QM TRK CO served his country honorably during
WWII and died on September 18th, 1944. He was 20 years old. TEC 5 Albert B.
Williams from Georgia of 470 TRK CO served his country honorably during WWII and
died on August 20th, 1944. He was 23 years old. PVT J. S. Willis from Missouri
of 450 GAS SUP CO served his country honorably during WWII and died on December
27th, 1944. He was 22 years old. PVT William A. Wilson from Illinois of 485 PORT
BN served his country honorably during WWII and died on March 31st, 1945. PFC
Clifford Woods from Tennessee of 4057 QM SV CO served his country honorably
during WWII and died on December 28th, 1944. He was 39 years old. Names of
African American Women Buried at Normandy American Cemetery (NAC) 6888th Central
Postal Directory Battalion was an all-women, all-black unit which processed mail
in Europe during WWII. While women were not allowed In combat, PFC Mary H.
Bankston and PFC Mary J. Barlow were killed in an auto vehicle accident on July
8, 1945 and SGT Dolores M. Browne from Connecticut died later from injuries on
July 13, 1945. African American Men Missing in Action These men remain missing
in action today. They are memorialized on the Wall of the Missing at the
Normandy American Cemetery (NAC). TEC 5 Resse G. Boone from North Carolina of
the 514 PORT BN. PFC Sylvester D. Haggins from New York of the 364 ENGR GEN SV
REGT. TSGT Raymond Heads from Texas of the 3688 QM TRK CO. He was decorated with
a Purple Heart. PFC Mack Homer from Georgia of the 364 ENGR GEN SV REGT. TEC 5
Daniel Wyatt from Louisiana of the 364 ENGR GEN SV REGT. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker,
every year when we celebrate and reflect on Black History Month, we learn the
stories of some of America's greatest scientists, actors, writers, entertainers,
scholars, workers, and ordinary people who made major contributions to this
great country. As a member of the Military Construction, Veteran Affairs, and
Related Agencies Subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations, I want to
share the unsung stories of the valiant Black men and women who served their
country dutifully during World War II even in the face of adversity. We know
about the brave Tuskegee Airmen--Red Tails--who flew fighter and bomber planes
during World War II, but many do not know that the Red Tails were only a few of
the nearly 1 million African Americans who served during the war. These
courageous men and women fought bravely to protect the democratic ideals of
freedom and equality. Sadly, the country they served did not live up to those
ideals. When they returned from victory in Europe and the Pacific, many did not
receive a hero's welcome because of the color of their skin. My dad, the late
Lieutenant Colonel Garvin Tutt, was one of those heroes. He served in the 92nd
Battalion in Italy supporting the Normandy invasion, was in World War II, the
Korean war, and served in the Army for 25 years. Only recently have the
contributions of African-American men and women during World War II been
recognized as our country has attempted to acknowledge its sad and dark past.
That is why I am taking time on the floor today to honor the 138
African-American men and women buried in Normandy American Cemetery and the 5
men who remain missing. It is my hope that, by sharing these stories today and
entering their names into the Record, more people will come to appreciate the
sacrifices of these brave men and women who served this country with distinction
during World War II. Now, most people know that on June 6, 1944, approximately
2,000 soldiers landed on the beaches of Normandy for what would be a major
turning point in the war, but far fewer know that the all-Black 320th Barrage
Balloon Battalion served with distinction during the D-day invasions. The 320th
was the only Black unit to take part on D-day and the only balloon battalion
dedicated to protecting troops from intense German aircraft attacks on Omaha and
Utah beaches. This was unique because Black units were usually kept from combat
and fulfilled essential support services instead. As part of their mission to
protect Allied troops, the men of the 320th implemented innovative ideas to ease
transportation to shore of barrage balloons that weighed half a ton. In addition
to defending American soldiers during D-day invasions, the battalion also
secured its own successful offensive strikes. The battalion's ingenuity and
service was later recognized as an important element of the air defense team by
Dwight D. Eisenhower, who was Supreme Allied Commander General at the time.
Sadly, no sacrifice comes without the loss of human life. During the D-day
invasion, the 320th suffered two casualties. Corporal Brooks Stith and Corporal
Henry J. Harris from the 320th are both buried at the Normandy American
Cemetery. Each of these men was decorated with the Purple Heart, the American
Campaign Medal, and the World War II Victory Medal for their valiant service.
There is James M. McLean of the 320th, who died on July 16, 1944. He was also
buried at the cemetery. African Americans who were buried at the cemetery, the
men from the 320th, were buried with their White peers. Even though units were
segregated until President Harry Truman changed official Department of Defense
policies in 1948, Black and White soldiers who died in Normandy were buried
together. At the Normandy American Cemetery, 135 African- American men and 3
African-American women were laid to rest from 1944 to 1945. Mr. Speaker, there
are five Black men who remain missing in action while posted in Normandy. They
are honored on the Walls of the Missing at Normandy with more than 1,700 others.
While women were not allowed in combat during World War II, three Black women
from the 6888th Postal Directory Battalion of the Women's Army Corps are also
buried at the cemetery. They were killed during an accident with a jeep. Now,
this was an all-women, all-Black unit that helped process mail in Europe during
World War II. They were the first Black battalion deployed after First Lady
Eleanor Roosevelt and civil rights leader Dr. Mary McLeod Bethune advocated for
Black women to join the Women's Army Corps, the WAC, for nearly a year and a
half. The women received basic training and were trained in jujitsu because they
were not allowed to carry firearms. They successfully helped clear massive mail
backlogs in various cities across Europe. While the women of the 6888th were
celebrated for their work in Europe, some historians speculate that inspectors
would sometimes give unsatisfactory reviews because of their prejudices. Unit
commander Major Charity Adams was court-martialed once for pushing back when a
general threatened to send a ``white first lieutenant'' to show her how to
command her unit. We are indebted to these women for their exemplary work
processing mail efficiently to [[Page H1255]] keep up the morale of our troops
during WWII. But more importantly, we owe them the respect they never received.
Mr. Speaker, these men and women lost their lives too soon for a country that
hasn't done a great job of remembering their bravery and their sacrifices. An
analysis conducted by the Army showed that the average age of African American
service members buried at the NAC is 27 years--the prime age when a young person
is starting their life. That is why it is so important for us to remember and
tell their stories during Black History Month. As Black History Month continues,
I hope my colleagues will consider joining me in honoring their memories by also
speaking on the Floor about other all-Black battalions who fought during WWII.
As the daughter of a WWII and Korean Veteran, I am very honored to be on the
Military-Veterans Appropriations Subcommittee to ensure our veterans receive the
care and recognition they deserve. Let me close by thanking our
Military-Veterans Chair, Congressman Charlie Dent and then Ranking Member
Sanford Bishop and then full Committee Chair Rogers and Ranking Member Lowey,
for their support in the Appropriations Committee and the commission for helping
bring these great heroes and sheros to the attention of the American people and
by properly recognizing their sacrifices and their legacies. Hopefully this
effort will help us locate their descendants and families to and thank them and
honor them as part of yes--Black History but of course this is American History
that all Americans should recognize and learn from. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank
the chair of our subcommittee, Mr. Dent, Ranking Member Lowey, Mr. Bishop, and
you, Mr. Rogers, for your support in the Appropriations Committee and for the
American Battle Monuments Commission's very dedicated work in helping us bring
these great heroes and sheroes to the attention of the American people by
properly recognizing their sacrifices and their legacies.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             August 22, 2010 Sunday
                             First Replate Edition

Big weekend in the SEC and ACC

BYLINE: Rick Crotts; Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11C

LENGTH: 256 words


Mark your calendars. It's only the second week of the season, but Sept. 11 looks
to be a test of talent for teams in both conferences.

SEC

South Carolina

at Georgia

When: Noon (ESPN

or ESPN2)

The plot: Georgia quarterback Aaron Murray will get his first test against SEC
competition. The big question is how will QB Stephen Garcia fare for South
Carolina? Penn State

at Alabama

When: 7 p.m. (ESPN)

The plot: Coach Joe Paterno and the No. 19 Nittany Lions would love nothing more
than to knock off the defending national champions and top-ranked Tide,
especially on the road.

Oregon at Tennessee

When: 7 p.m. (ESPN2)

The plot: The defending Pac-10 champion Ducks, ranked 11th in the AP preseason
poll, will be a tough test for the rebuilding Vols. The next week is no easier:
No. 4 Florida comes to town.

ACC

Miami at Ohio State

When: 3:30 p.m. (ESPN)

The plot: No. 13 Miami's defense, with All-Americans CB Brandon Harris and DE
Allen Bailey leading the way, needs to stop No. 2 Ohio State's explosive
offense, led by QB Terrelle Pryor. The Buckeyes can not slip up this early in
the season.

Florida State

at Oklahoma

When: 3:30 p.m. (ABC, ESPN2)

The plot: Bob Stoops (117-29 as OU coach) will give little brother Mark Stoops a
tough time. Mark Stoops, FSU's new defensive coordinator, will try to slow the
high-powered Sooners.

Virginia at USC

When: 10:30 p.m. (FSN)

The plot: OK, it may not be that big of a game. But it sure would be fun to see
a rebuilding Virginia knock off Lane Kiffin's 14th-ranked Trojans in his first
game in Los Angeles as head coach.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                           September 8, 2009 Tuesday
                              North Wales Edition

Terror plot to kill thousands;
LIQUID BOMBS TRIAL: Extremists bid to beat the death toll of 9/11

BYLINE: WESLEY JOHNSON

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 538 words


THREE Islamic extremists were convicted yesterday of a suicide bomb plot to blow
up transatlantic airliners in a bid to kill thousands.

The al Qaida-inspired terror cell planned to detonate home-made liquid bombs on
board flights bound for major north American cities.

Abdulla Ahmed Ali, Assad Sarwar and Tanvir Hussain were found guilty of
conspiracy to murder by detonating the bombs on airliners following the largest
ever counter-terrorism operation in the UK.

Sue Hemming, head of the Crown Prosecution Service Counter Terrorism Division,
said: "These men wanted to bring down several aircraft in a short space of time,
indiscriminately killing hundreds of innocent people - perhaps more if they had
succeeded in activating their devices while over cities.

"This was a calculated and sophisticated plot to create a terrorist event of
global proportions and the jury concluded that Ali, Sarwar and Hussain knew what
the target was."

Home Secretary Alan Johnson said: "I am pleased that the jury has recognised
that there was a plot to bomb transatlantic flights and that three people have
been convicted of that plot.

"This case reaffirms that we face a real and serious threat from terrorism."

If the plot had been successful, the explosions could have exceeded the carnage
of the September 11 attacks.

Counter-terrorist police and the security services spent more than pounds 35m
foiling the plot and bringing Ali and the others to justice.

The arrest of the gang in August 2006 sparked tight restrictions on carrying
liquids on to aircraft which initially caused travel chaos.

Jurors deliberated for more than 50 hours at the end of a six-month trial at
Woolwich Crown Court.

It will also be seen as a vindication of the decision to retry Ali after he was
found guilty of conspiracy to murder last September. The previous jury failed to
reach verdicts on the airline plot.

British-born Ali, 28, of Walthamstow, east London, was inspired by the July 7
bombers and Osama bin Laden and considered taking his baby son on his suicide
mission.

He planned to smuggle home-made bombs disguised as soft drinks on to passenger
jets run by United Airlines, American Airlines and Air Canada.

The hydrogen peroxide devices would have been assembled and detonated in mid-air
by a team of suicide bombers.

Ali singled out seven flights to San Francisco, Toronto, Montreal, Washington,
New York and Chicago that departed within two-and-a-half hours of each other.

Authorities on both sides of the Atlantic would have been left powerless to stop
the destruction once the first bomb exploded.

Police said the plot was drawn up in Pakistan with detailed instructions passed
to Ali during frequent trips to its lawless border with Afghanistan.

They believe a mystery al Qaida bombmaker was responsible for the ingenious
liquid bomb design, concealed within 500ml Oasis or Lucozade bottles.

Deputy Assistant Commissioner John McDowall, head of the Met's Counter Terrorism
Command, said the men intended to commit "mass murder on an unimaginable scale".

"If these terrorists had been successful, many people would have lost their
lives. Many more would have died if they had chosen to detonate their bombs over
land," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  FROM TOP: Abdulla Ahmed Ali, Tanvir Hussain and Assad Sarwar,
convicted yesterday. Main picture, chaos at the airports after their plot was
discovered and security measures increased around the world

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                             August 11, 2006 Friday

Foiled plot reminds us of vulnerability

SECTION: REVIEW

LENGTH: 457 words


IT was a sobering but sadly increasingly familiar bit of news to wake up to
Thursday morning.

While American and English citizens alike were relieved that a plot to blow up
several Britain-to-U.S. flights had been foiled, it was a stark reminder of the
mayhem, chaos, grief and anger experienced after Sept. 11, 2001 and the London
bombings just over a year ago.

The fact that British authorities had been tracking the apparent plotters and
were able to short-circuit their plan is a tribute to the tenacity,
professionalism and growth of English counterterrorism efforts since bombs
ripped through London's transportation system on July 7, 2005.

We are eternally grateful. This could prove to be a good case study as to how to
expose and thwart such plots. If successful, this attempt to ignite an estimated
10 flights headed from England to New York, Washington and California would have
done incalculable harm to a large, but unknown number of people, as well as
crippled the airline industry and spawned economic havoc.

As British officials noted after arresting 21 people, including what police call
the main suspects in the plot, the threat was of "mass murder on an unimaginable
scale."

Counterterrorism officials said American, Continental and United airlines were
targets. Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff dubbed it a
"sophisticated" plot that was "in the final stages of planning" and "suggestive
of an al-Qaida plot."

The terrorists apparently planned to use liquid explosives smuggled aboard as
beverages and other common products. That information prompted a ban on carry-on
luggage, prolonged flight delays and caused long lines at airports, where
passengers were forced to discard liquids and gels.

The scheme was eerily reminiscent of one foiled in the mid-1990s when al-Qaida
sympathizers sought to simultaneously blow up 11 planes, using liquid explosives
smuggled aboard and ignited by a Casio watch.

On Thursday, Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger activated the California National Guard
to bolster security at the Oakland, San Francisco and Los Angeles airports.
Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney did the same.

We're "at war with Islamic fascists," according to President Bush.

This latest scheme is indeed a reminder that we are vulnerable and still
targeted by terrorist forces seeking to repeat the death, destruction, chaos and
sorrow of 9/11.

In its wake, we once again must review what is being done to make flights and
other modes of domestic and international transportation safer. That includes
our ports, which remain vulnerable to acts of terrorism and the importation of
its tools, and porous borders.

A month shy of the fifth anniversary of 9/11, we're reminded of how much smaller
and more dangerous our world has become.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                             August 11, 2006 Friday

Foiled plot reminds us of our vulnerability

SECTION: SAN MATEO

LENGTH: 456 words


IT was a sobering, but sadly increasingly familiar bit of news to wake up to
Thursday morning.

While American and English citizens alike were relieved that a plot to blow up
several Britain-to-U.S. flights had been foiled, it was a stark reminder of the
mayhem, chaos, grief and anger experienced after Sept. 11, 2001 and the London
bombings just over a year ago.

The fact that British authorities had been tracking the apparent plotters and
were able to short-circuit their plan is a tribute to the tenacity,
professionalism and growth of English counterterrorism efforts since bombs
ripped through London's transportation system on July 7, 2005.

We are eternally grateful. This could prove to be a good case study as to how to
expose and thwart such plots. If successful, this attempt to ignite an estimated
10 flights headed from England to New York, Washington and California would have
done incalculable harm to a large, but unknown number of people, as well as
crippled the airline industry and spawned economic havoc.

As British officials noted after arresting 21 people, including what police call
the main suspects in the plot, the threat was of "mass murder on an unimaginable
scale."

Counterterrorism officials said American, Continental and United airlines were
targets. Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff dubbed it a
"sophisticated" plot that was "in the final stages of planning" and "suggestive
of an al-Qaida plot."

The terrorists apparently planned to use liquid explosives smuggled aboard as
beverages and other common products. That information prompted a ban on carry-on
luggage, prolonged flight delays and long lines at airports, where passengers
were forced to discard liquids and gels.

The scheme was eerily reminiscent of one foiled in the mid-1990s when al-Qaida
sympathizers sought to simultaneously blow up 11 planes, using liquid explosives
smuggled aboard and ignited by a Casio watch.

On Thusday, Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger activated the California National Guard
to bolster security at the Oakland, San Francisco and Los Angeles airports.
Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney did the same.

We're "at war with Islamic fascists," according to President Bush.

This latest scheme is indeed a reminder that we are vulnerable and still
targeted by terrorist forces seeking to repeat the death, destruction, chaos and
sorrow of 9/11.

In its wake, we once again must review what is being done to make flights and
other modes of domestic and international transportation safer. That includes
our ports, which remain vulnerable to acts of terrorism and the importation of
its tools, and porous borders.

A month shy of the fifth anniversary of 9/11, we're reminded of how much smaller
and more dangerous our world has become.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                             August 11, 2006 Friday

Foiled terror plot reminds us of our vulnerability

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Opinion; Tribune; Times-Star

LENGTH: 456 words


IT WAS a sobering, but sadly increasingly familiar bit of news to wake up to
Thursday morning.

While American and English citizens alike were relieved that a plot to blow up
several Britain-to-U.S. flights had been foiled, it was a stark reminder of the
mayhem, chaos, grief and anger experienced after Sept. 11, 2001 and the London
bombings just over a year ago.

The fact that British authorities had been tracking the apparent plotters and
were able to short-circuit their plan is a tribute to the tenacity,
professionalism and growth of English counterterrorism efforts since bombs
ripped through London's transportation system on July 7, 2005.

We are eternally grateful. This could prove to be a good case study as to how to
expose and thwart such plots. If successful, this attempt to ignite an estimated
10 flights headed from England to New York, Washington and California would have
done incalculable harm to a large, but unknown number of people, as well as
crippled the airline industry and spawned economic havoc.

As British officials noted after arresting 21 people, including what police call
the main suspects in the plot, the threat was of "mass murder on an unimaginable
scale."

Counterterrorism officials said American, Continental and United airlines were
targets. Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff dubbed it a
"sophisticated" plot that was "in the final stages of planning" and "suggestive
of an al-Qaida plot."

The terrorists apparently planned to use liquid explosives smuggled aboard as
beverages and other common products. That information prompted a ban on carry-on
luggage, prolonged flight delays and long lines at airports, where passengers
were forced to discard liquids and gels.

The scheme was eerily reminiscent of one foiled in the mid-1990s when al-Qaida
sympathizers sought to simultaneously blow up 11 planes, using liquid explosives
smuggled aboard and ignited by a Casio watch.

On Thusday, Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger activated the California National Guard
to bolster security at the Oakland, San Francisco and Los Angeles airports.
Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney did the same.

We're "at war with Islamic fascists," according to President Bush.

This latest scheme is indeed a reminder that we are vulnerable and still
targeted by terrorist forces seeking to repeat the death, destruction, chaos and
sorrow of 9/11. In its wake, we once again must review what is being done to
make flights and other modes of domestic and international transportation safer.
That includes our ports, which remain vulnerable to acts of terrorism and the
importation of its tools, and porous borders.

A month shy of the fifth anniversary of 9/11, we're reminded of how much smaller
and more dangerous our world has become.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                           September 8, 2009 Tuesday
                                  1ST Edition

Extremists convicted of airliner bomb plot

BYLINE: WESLEY JOHNSON,MARGARET DAVIS ; CHRIS GREENWOOD

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 584 words


Three Islamic extremists were convicted yesterday of a suicide bomb plot to blow
up transatlantic airliners in a bid to kill thousands.

The Al Qaeda-inspired terror cell planned to detonate home-made liquid bombs on
board flights bound for major north American cities.

Abdulla Ahmed Ali, Assad Sarwar and Tanvir Hussain were found guilty of
conspiracy to murder by detonating the bombs on airliners, after the largest
ever counter-terrorism operation in the UK.

Sue Hemming, head of the Crown Prosecution Service Counter-Terrorism Division,
said: "These men wanted to bring down several aircraft in a short space of time,
indiscriminately killing hundreds of innocent people - perhaps more if they had
succeeded in activating their devices while over cities."

Home Secretary Alan Johnson said: "This was a particularly complex and daring
plot which would have led to a terrible attack resulting in major loss of life."

If the plot had been successful, the explosions could have exceeded the carnage
of the September 11 attacks. Counter-terrorist police and the security services
spent more than pounds 35 million foiling the plot.

The arrest of the gang in August 2006 led to tight restrictions on carrying
liquids on to aircraft.

British-born Ali, 28, of Walthamstow, east London, considered taking his baby
son on his suicide mission. He planned to smuggle home-made bombs disguised as
soft drinks on to passenger jets.

The hydrogen peroxide devices would have been assembled and detonated in mid-air
by a team of suicide bombers.

Ali singled out seven flights to San Francisco, Toronto, Montreal, Washington,
New York and Chicago that left within two-and-a-half hours of each other.

Police said the plot was drawn up in Pakistan with instructions passed to Ali
during trips to its lawless border with Afghanistan. They believe a mystery Al
Qaeda bombmaker was responsible for the liquid bomb design, concealed within
500ml Oasis or Lucozade bottles. Surveillance teams watched Ali on his return to
Britain as he assembled his terror cell, gathered materials and identified
targets. Undercover officers looked on as the unemployed former shop worker used
cash to buy a pounds 138,000 secondfloor flat in Forest Road, Walthamstow. They
planted a bug that revealed it had been converted into a bomb factory.

In his video Ali warned the British public to expect "floods of martyr
operations" that would leave body parts scattered in the streets.

On his arrest, he was found to be carrying a blueprint for the plot scrawled in
a battered pocket diary.

Along with Ali, Sarwar, 29, from High Wycombe, and Hussain, 28, from Leyton,
will be sentenced for the airline plot on Monday.

The trio were convicted of conspiracy to murder in the first trial last year but
retried, along with five other men, for the airliner plot after the first jury
failed to reach verdicts on those charges.

The jury failed to reach a verdict on Umar Islam, 31, from Plaistow, in
connection with the airliner plot. He was convicted of conspiracy to murder.

Ibrahim Savant, 28, from Stoke Newington, Arafat Waheed Khan, 28, from
Walthamstow, and Waheed Zaman, 25, also from Walthamstow - were cleared of the
airliner plot and the jury failed to reach verdicts on charges of conspiracy to
murder.

Donald Stewart-Whyte, 23, from High Wycombe, was cleared of conspiracy to murder
on aircraft and conspiracy to murder.

All the defendants except Muslim convert Stewart-Whyte admitted conspiracy to
cause a public nuisance.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle, Pennsylvania

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                            March 22, 2006 Wednesday

Burial plots available for local vets: A cemetery in Montgomery County agrees to
give Berks County hundreds of sites to replace final resting places that have
been mistakenly used.

BYLINE: Mary E. Young, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 520 words


Mar. 22--The mystery surrounding 830 burial plots set aside in a Montgomery
County cemetery for Berks County veterans may never be solved, but plots will be
available for Berks veterans.

Commissioner Thomas W. Gajewski Sr. said Tuesday that Limerick Garden of
Memories has agreed to give the county 535 plots to replace those that for an
unknown reason had been used to bury Montgomery County veterans.

According to a letter from the cemetery, 67 of the total had been used to bury
Berks veterans and 228 of the spaces still are set aside for Berks.

Berks officials do not know why five men from New York and one man from New
Jersey donated the plots to Berks County about 20 years ago.

But in February, Veterans Affairs Director Leigh Tallas found old files that
mentioned the donated plots.

Gajewski agreed to research the issue, enlisting the help of Assistant Solicitor
Christine M. Sadler and Controller Sandy Graffius.

They learned the cemetery had changed ownership at some point and Montgomery
veterans were buried in many of the Berks-owned plots.

Gajewski said veterans should not call the veterans affairs offices about the
graves because he and Commissioners Judith L. Schwank and Mark C. Scott first
must decide how to distribute them.

In other business, the commissioners:

Agreed to vote Thursday on relocating the veterans affairs office to the lower
level of the vacant Berks Heim building on County Welfare Road, Bern Township.

Veterans have difficulty accessing the existing office at 1901 Tulpehocken Road,
Wyomissing, because it is a long walk uphill from the parking lot and is two
stories high, officials said.

County Administrator William E. Dennis said county facilities workers would
renovate the new location at a cost of $7,600.

Options for using the Tulpehocken Road building are being explored, he said.

Agreed to vote Thursday on 260 hours of overtime for elections services staff.
Sandra Rupert, assistant director, said the staff needs to process
change-of-address forms for people who have moved or have not voted in the last
five years.

Saw Sheriff Barry J. Jozwiak give awards to Assistant Chief Deputy Sheriff James
Gresh, Deputy Sheriff Juan Munoz, Deputy U.S. Marshal Brian Hicks and
Pennsylvania State Trooper Timothy Flickinger for capturing three men charged
with murder.

In August, the members of the fugitive task force arrested Andrew Gonzalez, 21,
and his brother, Dontrell, 22, both of the 1000 block of Douglass Street, and
Christopher Nguyen, 27, of the 1200 block of Greenwich Street after the
defendants barricaded themselves in an Allentown apartment.

They are charged with killing Huey Pigford, 23, in front of Pigford's house at
728 N. Second St. on June 5 after Pigford told them to clean up a beer bottle
they had broken in front of his porch.

All are being held without bail in Berks County Prison awaiting further court
action.

Copyright (c) 2006, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune
Business News. For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800)
661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060322-RE-0322-Burial-plots-available-for-local-vets

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2006 Reading Eagle


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                               February 27, 2009

California Court of Appeal finds cemetery liable for burial mistake

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 270  words


A cemetery may be held liable for emotional distress damages where it interred a
stranger in a family plot, the California Court of Appeal has ruled in upholding
a bench verdict.

The plaintiff's mother had purchased a family plot next to her deceased husband.

After the mother died, plaintiff went to visit her grave and found a stranger
buried in the plot intended for the plaintiff. The plot was sold to the stranger
because the cemetery maintained two filing systems, one for individual plots and
one for blocks.

A judge awarded $4,440 in a bench trial, including damages for negligent
infliction of emotional distress.

The appellate court upheld the award.

"Though unintentional, defendant's negligent interment of a stranger in
plaintiff's family burial plot compromised the purpose underlying the agreement
between the family and the cemetery, i.e., the emotional tranquility arising
from the cemetery's promise that plaintiff will be buried next to his loved
ones. ...

"While other relatives may be upset to discover a stranger buried in a family
plot, it is the intended user of the plot who is most likely to suffer emotional
distress from the incident. ... More than situations involving physical danger,
matters concerning the burial of the dead evoke a wide spectrum of responses
from reasonable people, depending on their cultural, historical and religious
beliefs and traditions," the court said.

It also noted that its decision would encourage cemeteries to update their
filing systems.

California Court of Appeal, 4th District. Binns v. Westminster Memorial Park,
No. G038065. Feb. 26, 2009. Lawyers USA No. 993-507.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 5, 1996, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Ecosystem's Productivity Rises With Diversity of Its Species

BYLINE: By CAROL KAESUK YOON

SECTION: Section C;  Page 4;  Column 1;  Science Desk;  The Environment Page

LENGTH: 1386 words


RESEARCHERS studying experimental prairies say they have confirmed what
conservationists have long hoped would be true: having more species improves an
ecosystem's productivity.

In a large field study of prairie plants, a team of biologists found that the
more species a plot had, the more "biomass," or plant material, it produced and
the better it retained nitrogen, its most crucial nutrient.

Increasingly, conservationists have turned to arguments that biodiversity has
value because a greater wealth of species might make ecosystems more productive
and stable. But until now, rigorous scientific evidence to support this idea has
been lacking. Researchers say the new study shows not only that biodiversity can
increase an ecosystem's productivity but that biodiversity can aid long-term
growth as well by increasing an ecosystem's ability to retain key nutrients.
Even though the new study was carried out in a grassland, some scientists
predict that the result will apply to ecosystems as different as forests and
agricultural fields.

"It's a brilliant experiment, and it's a first," said Dr. Samuel McNaughton, an
ecosystem ecologist at Syracuse University. "Nobody's ever done what they've
done here. It shows that biological diversity does matter to the function and
sustainability of ecosystems, and that has a lot of implications for agriculture
and human life."

Dr. Peter Kareiva, an ecologist at the University of Washington in Seattle,
said: "This is really the first experiment that is unequivocal, clear and
striking. You can't attribute these results to any particular species -- it was
just the fact that you had a diversity of species that made productivity and
sustainability greater. It's the first experiment that's specifically tested
biodiversity, per se, as part of its design."

More than 100 years ago, Charles Darwin, writing in "The Origin of Species,"
suggested that more diverse ecosystems would also be more productive; he also
drew his conclusions from grasslands. Referring to an unidentified study, he
said fields sown with several grasses consistently yielded more than those with
a single species.

Since then, the idea that biodiversity might increase productivity has gathered
only scattered interest. But more recently, biologists say, as they took heed of
warnings of an impending biodiversity crisis, they began to consider seriously
once again the role biodiversity might play in the functioning of ecosystems.

The new study, published on Feb. 22 in the journal Nature, was led by Dr. David
Tilman, an ecologist at the University of Minnesota, and colleagues there and at
the University of Toronto. Working with more than 50 people, the researchers
burned, plowed, planted by hand and tended 147 plots at the Cedar Creek Natural
History Area in Minnesota. Each of the 100-square-foot plots grew from 1 to 24
native prairie species. Researchers randomly chose which species would fill out
a particular plot's designated number of species. By doing so, they were able to
test how the number of species, rather than the kinds of species, affected the
growth of plants on the plots and their use of nitrogen.

One of the most labor-intensive parts of the project was weeding all 147 plots.
The weeders had to distinguish tiny sprouts of the desired seedling plants from
the many undesirable plants whose seeds were still in the soil or had blown in.

In the second year, each plot was examined to estimate how much growth there had
been -- the total plant biomass -- and how the plot's plants had used the
available nitrogen. The more species a plot had, the greater its biomass of
plants and the more nitrogen it had taken up in its increased growth. The fewer
the species, the sparser the growth and the greater the amount of nitrogen
leaching out of upper soil layers. When nitrogen leached down to where plants'
roots could not reach it, it made sustained growth in such plots less likely.

While researchers have yet to determine the exact mechanism by which
biodiversity leads to greater productivity and sustainability, they suggest that
it is likely to be the mechanism suggested by Darwin himself. The idea is that
the more species there are on a plot of land, the more efficiently those many
species, all slightly different, can utilize the resources present, thereby
producing more actual plant mass.

Dr. Tilman and his colleagues also examined native prairies with naturally
varying numbers of species and found that more species were associated with
greater productivity and nitrogen use, just as in the experimental plots.

"To me, that was as major a finding as the experimental finding," Dr. Tilman
said. "That's very strong evidence, and it directly applies to undisturbed
operating ecosystems."

Earlier research from Dr. Tilman's group had strongly hinted that biodiversity
might have positive effects on an ecosystem. In an experiment originally
designed to study the effects of nitrogen on plant competition, researchers
found that plots with different levels of nitrogen also had different levels of
biodiversity. Then, in 1987 and 1988, the Midwest's most severe drought in half
a century struck. In a 1994 Nature paper, the researchers reported that plots
with more species returned much more quickly to full productivity than those
with fewer species. But while it seemed likely that the greater variety of
species had given the plots their resilience, the results remained clouded by
the confounding effects of different nitrogen levels in the plots.

In another paper later that year in Nature, researchers working in England on a
set of miniature ecosystems grown in a greenhouse-like setting, known as the
Ecotron, also found that biodiversity could increase productivity. But again
researchers remained cautious, in this case because of the difficulty of
extrapolating from the small, contrived ecosystems to the rough and tumble
reality of nature.

Despite the concurring results, researchers say the controversy over the role of
biodiversity in natural ecosystems is far from over.

"I think it's a building block," said Dr. Peter Vitousek, an ecosystem ecologist
at Stanford University in Palo Alto, Calif., "but it's not the final answer."

Some say they are reserving judgment, at least in part, because the prairie
plots are only two years old.

There also remains the unanswered question of just how many species are required
for any given set of ecosystem functions. In the past, some researchers have
suggested that relatively few species can perform all the necessary functions
and that the remaining species are simply redundant. In the Nature study,
productivity was found to increase dramatically with each new species added, but
only until there were 10 species. After that, each new species added much less
to the productivity of a plot, suggesting that at least for this one function,
10 species might be able to do much of the work.

But Dr. Tilman pointed out that while the increase in productivity might not be
so great with each species added after the first 10, productivity does continue
to increase. And Dr. Kareiva said that for an ecosystem to work, it needed to do
many things, like resist pathogens and survive cold years. As more functions are
examined, he said, many more than 10 species might be required to carry out such
functions, with each one providing a different kind of insurance to help buffer
an ecosystem as conditions change.

It remains unclear exactly how to translate the new results into a plan of
action for managers and farmers. While the new study would seem to suggest that
multiple agricultural crops or forest species be grown for maximum productivity,
researchers say greenhouse experiments often show a single highly productive
species to be as productive or more productive. Researchers say they do not know
yet which work will speak most directly to the managed conditions of crop and
forest ecosystems.

While commending the work, some researchers suggested that ecologists should not
be too quickly drawn into many costly and time-consuming proofs of ecosystem
function.

"People already have a reason to value biodiversity: it's our legacy," Dr.
Kareiva said. "Now what we need are ways, not just to say what its function is,
but to effectively maintain it."

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Above, plots with little diversity (foreground) differ from
plots with high diversity (background, with flowers). Left, Dr. David Wedin, a
researcher, planting an experimental plot. (Photographs by Dr. David Tilman)

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            March 17, 2011 Thursday

County Park Garden Plots Available

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 144  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


The Lancaster County Department of Parks and Recreation will again rent garden
plots for the public at Lancaster County Central Park.

The garden plots are available for rent from April 15 through Oct. 15. Renters
can apply for a plot at the park office at 1050 Rockford Road. Office hours are
Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.

County residents can select either a 20-by-20-foot plot or a 20-by-40 plot.
Renters pay a one-time fee of $20 for a small plot and $25 for a larger plot.
The garden plots are located off Farm View Drive, just off Golf Road in Central
Park.

Gardeners of all skill levels can rent garden plots to grow their own flowers
and vegetables.

Organic plots also are available. These are plots that have been free of
pesticides and herbicides for more than three years.

For more information, visit www.lancastercountyparks.org or call 717-299-8215.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           October 24, 2009 Saturday
                                  All Editions

Attorney general: US still faces terrorist threats;
Holder first black American appointed AG

BYLINE: JESSICA BLOCH OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A1

LENGTH: 772 words

DATELINE: ORONO


The recently foiled terrorist plot involving suspects in Denver and New York is
proof that national security threats are real.

Yet U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said Friday at the University of Maine
that the plot was thwarted through collaboration among government agencies,
including his own staff at the Department of Justice, and a commitment to
following the rule of law.

"The alleged plot in Colorado and New York to detonate an explosive device in
the United States was one of the most serious threats this nation's faced since
9-11," Holder told an audience of about 850 gathered at the Collins Center for
the Arts where the attorney general delivered the William S. Cohen Lecture.
"This wasn't merely an aspirational plot with no chance of success. This plot
was serious. It was developed. And had it not been disrupted it could have led
to the loss of American lives."

Holder, the first black American to be appointed attorney general, was joined
onstage by Cohen, the secretary of defense under President Clinton and a
three-term U.S. senator who grew up in Bangor.

Holder served as deputy attorney general under President Clinton from 1997 to
2001, after which time he went into private practice. President Obama nominated
Holder to the attorney general position, and Holder was confirmed on Feb. 2.

In returning to the Department of Justice, Holder said, the department appeared
to have been "transformed" by the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.

"The department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation had built new
capabilities to defend the country from terrorist attacks," he said. "These
capabilities were focused not just on prosecuting those who wanted to harm our
nation but also disrupting plots before they happened."

There is also an increased collaboration among government agencies, Holder
added.

"Working together led to the disruption of this plot before any Americans could
be harmed," he said. "But the system, our system, has to work every time. We
cannot miss even one time. We cannot rest for even one day, and we will not."

The focus on investigation includes taking tips from sources ranging from
international operatives to concerned citizens at the local level, Holder said,
and pursuing those tips with available resources.

Along with the increase in surveillance, however, has come an increased need for
legal oversight, Holder said, and the understanding that counterterrorism work
must operate in compliance with laws.

"Everything that we do is subject to strict procedures and oversight by the
courts and Congress to ensure that our investigations are adequately
safeguarding individual liberties," he said.

The lecture and Holder's visit were sponsored by the William S. Cohen Center for
International Policy and Commerce at UMaine.

During a wide-ranging question-and-answer session, Holder revealed that Cohen
was considered for the vice president position that eventually went to Joe
Biden.

"He had one problem," said Holder, who helped Barack Obama vet candidates in the
summer of 2008. "He was John McCain's best man at his wedding. We just thought,
that's going to be difficult."

Cohen, a Republican who was the first elected official in modern U.S. history to
be appointed to a Cabinet position by a president from an opposing party,
criticized the Republican Party for swinging too far right and failing to
embrace more moderate views.

"When I'm asked if I'm still a Republican, I say yes, I'm a Maine Republican,"
he said, eliciting laughter and applause from the audience. "I think most people
are in the middle, frankly, and most people want to see their government work."

After the lecture, Holder told a group of press members that people who live in
states that have an international border, such as Maine, must understand the
need for increased security at checkpoints.

"We focus a lot of attention on our southern border for a variety of reasons and
we have not paid, I think, in the past, sufficient enough attention to our
northern border, especially when one looks at the desire on the part of at least
some terrorist groups to use Canada as an entryway into the United States," he
said.

The audience at the Collins Center included University of Maine System
Chancellor Richard L. Pattenaude, Maine first lady Karen Baldacci, Maine Supreme
Judicial Court Chief Justice Leigh I. Saufley, and high-profile criminal defense
attorney F. Lee Bailey.

At the end of the event, UMaine President Robert Kennedy presented Cohen and
Holder, each former college basketball stars, with basketballs signed by UMaine
women's basketball team head coach Cindy Blodgett.

jbloch@bangordailynews.net

990-8287

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                             March 7, 2017 Tuesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Google Technology Holdings LLC on March 7, 2017
titled as "Small-screen movie-watching using a viewport"

LENGTH: 224 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,589,597 on March 7, 2017, to Google Technology Holdings LLC titled as
"Small-screen movie-watching using a viewport"

Inventors: Austin; Darren Mark (San Jose, CA), Elmieh; Baback (Palo Alto, CA),
Sweetland; Douglas Paul (Los Angeles, CA), Collins; Brian M. (South San
Francisco, CA), Oftedal; Mark Jason (Naperville, IL), Pinkav
Assignee: Google Te  Google Technology Holdings LLC (Mountain View, CA) chnology
Holdings LLC (Mountain View, CA)



According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "This
document describes techniques and apparatuses for small-screen movie-watching
using a viewport. These techniques enable viewers to experience movies and other
media programs using a small screen as a viewport to the movie rather than
dramatically compressing or cropping the movie to fit the small screen. A viewer
may select whatever portion of the movie imagery he or she desires to experience
through the small screen at a size sufficient to perceive details of plot
elements and an environment in which the plot elements interact. Thus, the
viewer may follow plot elements central to the plot while also exploring the
environment that provides context for these plot elements."

The patent was filed on July 18, 2014 Application No. 14/335,821


LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                             July 8, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Terrorist plot to flood Manhattan 'foiled by FBI'

BYLINE: By Oliver Duff and David Usborne in New York

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 478 words


American intelligence officials say they have foiled a nascent terror plot to
blow up underground train tunnels running beneath the Hudson River that carry
thousands of commuters between New York and New Jersey every day.

The conspiracy was described as an attempt to flood the Wall Street financial
district with water from the Hudson, and to create havoc on lower Manhattan
similar to the chaos Hurricane Katrina wreaked last August upon New Orleans.

Had the plotters ever enacted the plan, they would have been most unlikely to
succeed because the river is lower than Manhattan.

The plot, apparently involving at least eight people overseas, was in its
infancy when FBI agents monitoring internet chat rooms uncovered the plans. "We
have disrupted a terrorist network in the planning stages of an attack," said a
statement released by the FBI and Department of Homeland Security.

The bureau decided to "take it down" when the suspects appeared ready to move
forward and begin surveilling the targets.

"This is a plot that involved martyrdom and explosives and some of the tubes
that connect Jersey and lower Manhattan," said FBI Assistant Director Mark J
Mershon.

"We believe we intercepted this group early in their plotting and, in fact, the
plan has largely been disrupted." He said the investigation has been running for
almost a year, and it did not appear the suspects had ever visited the US.

The FBI statement added that a "key suspect" connected to the case, Amir
Andalousli, had been arrested by the authorities in Lebanon. A Lebanese security
official said the 31-year-old suspect's real name was Assem Hammoud' that he had
confessed to the plot after being arrested on 27 April' and that he was
connected to al-Qa'ida.

Another Lebanese security official, speaking on condition of anonymity, claimed
that Hamoud said he was acting "on a religious order from Osama bin Laden and
said, 'I am proud to carry out his orders.'" Two other overseas arrests have
also been made.

Democratic Senator Charles Schumer said this was "one instance where
intelligence was on top of its game and discovered the plot when it was just in
the talking phase".

Initial reports of the investigation, in The New York Daily News, claimed that
the main target was the Holland tunnel in lower Manhattan, one of New York's
major road tunnels.

But an American counterterrorism official said that investigators had found no
evidence that the Holland tunnel was part of the plot. Mr Mershon said the group
specifically mentioned only the PATH tube tunnels beneath the Hudson.

The head of homeland security, Michael Chertoff, said it was "never a concern
this would actually be executed. We were all over this."

Two weeks ago, authorities announced the arrests of seven men suspected of
plotting to blow up the Sears Tower in Chicago. In May, a man was convicted of
plotting to blow up a subway station.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The train tunnel under the Hudson river that terrorists planned to blow
up AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                            December 14, 2012 Friday

Supposed foiled Bieber murder plot goes viral, but details still unconfirmed

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 281 words


TORONTO - Police in New Mexico say Canadian pop star Justin Bieber was the
apparent target of a failed murder-for-hire plot.

Spokesman Lt. Robert McDonald has told The Canadian Press in an email that "it
appears (Bieber) was a target in the foiled plot."

A New Mexico media outlet is reporting details of the alleged plot, citing
unnamed investigators, but those allegations have not been officially confirmed.

The Canadian singer's management, asked to comment on the report, released a
statement saying only that they take "every precaution" to protect Bieber and
his fans.

KRQE News in New Mexico reported that police have arrested two men in the United
States in connection with the plot to allegedly murder Bieber and three other
people.

The alleged plot - which KRQE News says was planned right down to the paisley
tie that would be used to strangle victims - was reportedly foiled after the
would-be hit men were arrested in Vermont on outstanding warrants last month
before any of the killings were carried out.

The television station reports that the two men were outed to police by the
person who allegedly came up with the elaborate plot in the first place.

The outlet cites unnamed investigators saying Mark Staake, 41, and his nephew
Tanner Ruane, 23, planned to attack Bieber while he was in New York City for a
concert a few weeks ago.

KRQE alleges the two men became involved in the plot while in prison, where they
met a convicted killer who orchestrated a plan that was to result in four
murders.

The news outlet alleges the man behind the plan was Dana Martin. The station
says Martin is allegedly obsessed with Bieber and has a tattoo of the Stratford,
Ont., native on his leg.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2012 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                            April 16, 2011 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Driving with the detectives: a great American literary tour;
United States The novelist Jason Goodwin, on a trip to the US, says that crime
fiction is the best guidebook

BYLINE: Jason Goodwin

SECTION: TRAVEL;FEATURES; Pg. 14,15

LENGTH: 1507 words


Plot, they say, is a rental car. PYou can pick up the basic plot of every crime
novel as easily as a car at the airport. Somebody dies, somebody lies, and when
the inspector has figured it out, you drop the plot back in its parking space.

Only crime novels aren't really about plots: they are about the drive. What
makes one better than another is the way the characters emerge from the setting.
What matters is who's in the car, and what he or she makes of the landscape as
it unscrolls against the windscreen. Plot may be a rental car - but a novel is a
road trip.

The sun had descended into a flattened red orb on the western horizon, and in
the scarlet wash of the afterglow the flooded tree trunks in the swamp seemed
suffused with firelight, and you could see an empty rowboat tied up in the black
stillness of the bayou's far bank, the wood as dry and white as bone.

This perfect little evocation of the landscapes of southern Louisiana comes not
from a travel book but from a hard-boiled crime thriller called Burning Angel by
James Lee Burke, whose territory this is. He brings along the crooks and the
contractors, the hoods, bums, grifters and hookers who populate a region where
the tourist seldom ventures - though he also shows you how the fancy French
Quarter in New Orleans may be underpinned by crooked money, too. He catches the
rhythms of speech of black and white, the tensions, the hopes, in novel after
novel.

Farther south, Carl Hiassen speaks for Florida, his crime capers standing up
against the condos and the contractors and all the shady businessmen who would
sell the virgin landscapes of southern Florida for a nickel in profit. James
Ellroy's fractured narratives chronicle the casual corruption of postwar LA; Joe
Landsman, I'm told, gives you Texas - where geography professors have apparently
been using crime novels to teach their courses.

The art of mingling murder and mayhem with powerful evocations of place is not
new. Conan Doyle was at it in the 1880s, when his Sherlock Holmes stories almost
single-handedly created a sense of London enveloped in fog, with gleaming
cobbles and rattling hansom cabs. But as detectives proliferate, it's beginning
to look as though some of the best travel writing today is being wedged in
between the flimsy covers of crime novels. It's not hard to see why. Crime
writers tell it the way it is. Unlike most travelogues, their books tell you
things you didn't know, and things you may rather not have found out - and if
they get it wrong, they had better watch out. Their readers soon let them know.

So they tell you how the city ticks, how it smells, how it goes to work, about
the drink and the housing projects. And provided the murders don't spoil your
appetite, they may even tell you what to have for lunch, and where.

This month I'm hitting the road myself, threading my way through the American
South and West to promote my own contribution to the crime genre, An Evil Eye.
Book tours can be frazzling experiences, along the lines of if it's Tuesday,
this must be Houston. Rock stars wind up smashing the hotel furniture - and they
have roadies and groupies to chivvy them along; authors mostly just drink,
alone. Unfamiliar breakfasts, empty chairs in the bookshop, anxiety about making
the next flight, especially in a country as big as the United States, can leave
the author feeling as low and lonely as Philip Marlowe on a quiet night. As low
as Wallander on any night. The painter of urban anomie, Edward Hopper, caught
the mood precisely in those pictures of lonely figures eating in late-night
diners.

My series detective is not a shooin for the Deep South, either. He's more San
Francisco than Alabama. He's called Yashim, and he lives in Istanbul. An Evil
Eye is set in 1839, six years before Texas joined the Union. Yashim's job,
roughly speaking, is to safeguard the Ottoman Empire. He's a great cook, a
terrific sleuth - and yes, he's a eunuch. Try saying that in a Louisiana drawl.

Three weeks is a long tour. It could be murder, but it happens to fall over the
Easter holidays, and it also happens that my eldest son is 17. He has never been
to the US, but he knows Mississippi as the state where the guitarist Robert
Johnson sold his soul to the devil at the crossroads. So I put this to my
publishers in NYC, and Izzy is coming along for the ride. We're hiring a car,
and we've put some air into the envelope by stretching what might be merely an
exhausting series of overnight stops into a road trip through the Deep South and
up the West Coast.

Starting out in Jackson, Mississippi, we'll be sliding downriver to New Orleans.
From the Big Easy we're driving west, across the bayou country to Austin, Texas,
a city whose motto is, encouragingly, "Keep it Weird". (Less encouraging, from
my point of view, are the rival attractions to a night out with the Ottoman
detective: Austin has 1,700 venues for live music).

After a stop in Houston, it's a hop across to Phoenix, Arizona, and then a
fortnight's exploration of the West Coast, through Los Angeles and San
Francisco, right up to Portland, Oregon - which boasts, in Powell's, one of the
mightiest bookstores in the world. It will be a 21st-century Grand Tour, maybe.
Between chasing down the best food, the snappiest 'gators in the swamps, and
some of America's funkiest and finest independent bookstores from The Poisoned
Pen in Phoenix, to Murder by the Book in LA, Izzy will be looking for the Blues,
and I'll be looking for the crime-writing poets of the American present.

That's a take on paradise, aka southern California, from The Lady in the Lake.
Chandler gave me LA, all vulgarity and corruption in the heat, long before I'd
seen the place.

Thriller writers need landscapes the way their detectives need sidekicks. They
tend to snort at the literary crowd, who get more attention while selling fewer
books. The Great American Novel, they might say, isn't the elusive white whale
of Moby Dick: it's been written dozens of times already. Set in a precinct so
real you can smell the sweat on the sidewalk and the molten tar on the hardtop,
it's the story of the drifting private eye, the battle with drink and
loneliness, the casual encounters, the bleak search for redemptive justice or
just plain revenge, the easy violence of a society where dozens of people are
murdered every day.

Chandler identified the type of American hero, 70 years ago, as a man who walks
down mean streets but isn't himself mean. As Lee Child puts it more explicitly,
his hugely popular character Jack Reacher is really a medieval knight, in jeans
and a pick-up truck.

A pick-up truck? That, I think, will suit us just fine.

The girl behind the rental desk opens a drawer and pokes through a heap of keys
with glorious silver nails. "Y'all want a Ford Fandango, a Dodge Bushwhacker, a
Toyota Trailblazer or a Chevvy Traverse?

" We take the Traverse. It is not a real pick-up truck, only a sort of yuppie
version with lights like a pinball machine. But at least it's a Chevvy, and we
can take it to the levee, down on the Mississippi.

The bookstore in Jackson is gorgeous: it's just that it doesn't seem to be
anywhere. As Dorothy Parker said of LA, there's no there there. It's in a tiny
mall, on the edge of a four-lane highway. The redhead at the desk comes from the
Delta, from a tiny town called Roaring Fork. She has a tattoo on her shoulder.
She says: "Y'all want to read Ace Atkins."

The book is Crossroad Blues, and it involves the death of Robert Johnson. Here's
Atkins on his home territory:

Early the next morning, Nick slept away the Highway 61 trip in a Greenwood motel
room until a dull, yellow light leaked through the brittle curtains and onto the
flowered bedspread. It was the kind of place they used to call a motor court
before the superhighways destroyed the character of travel...

The blurb says that "the cast of characters includes a red-headed siren, an
Elvis-worshipping hitman, Johnson's ghost, and the Mississippi Delta itself".
According to Atkins, Mississippi Delta driving is about the white dots of cotton
stretched forever flat like the tiny points of an impressionist painting. It's
about the crooked crosses of wooden electric poles that edge the two-lane
highway lined with farm-supply stores, barbecue joints, squat cone-topped silos,
and windowless burned-out 1930s gas stations. It's the deep maroon of a rusted
tin roof above a weathered clapboard shack and the skeleton of a sun-parched
tree, dead rooted in stagnant water. Or fallen cotton caught in highway gravel.

I couldn't have put it better myself.

For more about Jason Goodwin's travels and his own detective hero, Yashim, see
http://thebellinicard.wordpress.com

The road skimmed along a high granite outcrop and dropped to meadows of coarse
grass in which grew what was left of the wild irises and white and purple lupin
and bugle flowers and columbine and pennyroyal and desert paint brush.

Follow the trip online

From next week, Jason Goodwin will be blogging about his road trip. For his
latest report, see telegraph.co.uk/travel

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Hitting the trail: clockwise from left, live jazz on Bourbon Street,
New Orleans; the Capitol Building, Jackson; and the gleaming skyline of Houston
CrÈme de la crime: top right, James Lee Burke and his 'Burning Angel'; above
right, Ace Atkins's 'Crossroad Blues'; and Raymond Chandler, creator of Philip
Marlowe
ALAMY; DENNIS MACDONALD; PHOTOLIBRARY.COM; LINDA THOMPSON; CSU ARCHV/EVERETT/REX
FEATURES; PETER HORREE/ALAMY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2011 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                          February 21, 2007 Wednesday

Always a Target

BYLINE: ERNEST STERNBERG

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 743 words


Since the high-rise slaughter of New Yorkers in 2001, no American planes have
been commandeered by terrorists, no buildings have been bombed, no subways
gassed, no bridges destroyed. Maybe September 11 was just a one-off event. Maybe
the terrorist threat is overblown, a mass distraction, manipulated by President
Bush and cronies to make Americans feel threatened and cheat them into war.

Except that the record shows otherwise. Since the first World Trade Center
bombing in 1993, when the contemporary terrorist era began, plots against
America have kept up a brisk pace, abated not by flagging terrorist intent but
by pre-emption, disruption, arrest, and conviction. As the record shows, the
favored victims, the ones over whom terrorists drool, have been New Yorkers.

Publicly known terrorist plots against New York since 1993 total 15, excluding
run-of-the-mill sabotage, such as that by animal rights and environmental
extremists. The 15 shown on the table include plots for which conspirators have
been convicted, plots reliably reported or announced, and alleged plots
currently under investigation or trial, as well as five actual attacks. That's
an average of just over one a year.

The landmark plot by the "blind sheik" and his co-conspirators sought to bomb
the United Nations, tunnels, bridges, and the FBI office in New York, reportedly
on July 4 in 1994. Don't confuse that with the financial buildings plot of 2004,
targeting the Stock Exchange and Citicorp in Manhattan and the Prudential
Building in Newark - the suspects in that plot are under indictment, and one
already has been convicted in Britain. Nor with the 2006 Hudson River plot meant
to detonate bombs in Manhattan-New Jersey tunnels, incidentally killing
commuters, while, with some terrorist luck, inundating Lower Manhattan.

Let's keep the subway plots straight. Now barely remembered, a 1997 scheme
sought to detonate pipe bombs in the subway. Don't confuse this with the
reported 2003 Al Qaeda plot to attack subways with cyanide gas containers, nor
with the October 2005 alert, based on intelligence, later disputed, of still
another subway attack. And there is the 2004 plot to attack the Herald Square
subway station, for which the plotter was just last month sentenced at Brooklyn
District Court to 30 years.

The airliner plot of 2003, revealed by the White House in 2005, would have
hijacked civilian planes to attack East Coast cities. That's distinct from the
2006 trans-Atlantic aircraft plot in which the suspected conspirators, now being
held in Britain, would allegedly have put together a potion of liquid explosives
on flights from Britain to this country, including to New York City and Newark
airports. Lest we forget, terrorists also shot at yeshiva students on the
Brooklyn Bridge and at tourists on the Empire State Building observation deck,
killing one each. Another plotter cased the Brooklyn Bridge, hoping to bring it
down by cutting the cables.

What's clear is that New York City has been targeted far more than any other
place in America. Why New York? Of course New York's landmarks represent
American freedom, diversity, and enterprise, so that destruction perpetrated
here endows a mere war crime with anti-Western, anti-infidel, and
anti-capitalist pizzazz.

New York has tall buildings and gracefully suspended bridges, where well-placed
bombs can turn the collapsing structure itself into a weapon of mass death. New
York has high-occupancy enclosed places, in which germs or chemicals can do
concentrated harm before dispersing.

New York supplies a haven of anonymity for the plotters. New York has Jews, whom
the terrorists hate. And the subways, airports, buildings, stadiums, and streets
are crowded, supplying bountiful opportunities for mass murder.

What's also clear is that New Yorkers have not been placidly led to slaughter.
Through New York and America's painstaking work of defense, law enforcement, and
counterterrorism, most of the plots against the city have failed. Those who
would attack us are still plotting, but we have shown that we are vigilant. We
have shown that we have the will to persevere while maintaining our way of life
and to fight back while preserving our liberties.

Mr. Sternberg, a professor of urban and regional planning at the University at
Buffalo, State University of New York, works on security issues related to New
York State. The data in the above table will appear in the Journal of Applied
Security Research.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 23, 1995, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Burial scam pains relatives / Cemetery accused of moving bodies to resell plots

BYLINE: Jonathan T. Lovitt; Richard Price

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 499 words

DATELINE: SANTA FE SPRINGS, Calif.


Charles Kirvin embarks this morning on a ghastly and heart-wrenching mission.

He'll search a cemetery to see whether the remains of his wife, Stella, are
still buried in the family plot.

"It's disgusting," says the truck driver, 53, fighting back tears. "How can
someone do this? It's a mortal sin."

Like hundreds of others, Kirvin has been waiting for state authorities to open
the gates of Paradise Memorial Park amid a probe of charges that cemetery
officials were double-selling burial plots.

The scam, according to state officials: Old remains were removed from plots and
dumped in a pile. The plots were sold again and other bodies were buried there.

This morning, relatives will fan across the 10-acre cemetery hoping to spot the
right markers on the same graves where they last laid flowers.

Families who find that bodies have been moved face a harsh truth: Few remains
ever will be identified.

Overwhelmed by grief and tension, families waited and wept Thursday outside the
wrought-iron fence as bulldozers dug a mass grave in preparation for a memorial
service later this week.

"My mom's been dead for more than 13 years, and I'm still not over it," said
Vincent Millhouse, 31, of El Segundo. "How could they ever make this up to me?"

Ray Giunta of the California State Cemetery Board said the park has been
double-selling graves since 1986, moving old remains to the "spoils pile,"
normally used for the excess soil from grave-digging.

Some 200 discarded markers were found on the property, but Giunta said as many
as 2,000 bodies could have been disinterred from graves that date as far back as
1945.

The family that owns the cemetery was unavailable. But one member, Victor
Fornter, told of the practice in an affidavit, telling Giunta, "I just thought I
could."

The cemetery, established in 1927, was sold in 1967 to its current owners, who
have publicized bargain prices. Plots go for $ 170.

The problem surfaced after the owners missed a June 1 deadline for filing an
audit with the state. Giunta ordered a full, on-site audit and discovered bones
protruding from a mountain of dirt on the weed-covered property.

Looking over plot records, Giunta also discovered names had been crossed out and
new ones inked in.

"Deplorable," he called the cemetery. "One of the worst I've ever seen."

Some plots may have corpses that don't belong there, meaning families must
decide whether to share, or to relocate the remains of their loved ones.

"It gets sticky," Giunta said. "This is really horrible."

Families couldn't agree more. Faye Baptist, a 63-year-old cafeteria worker who
buried her son here in 1979 and her husband in 1992, can't push away the image
of bones sticking from the earth.

"It just sickens me," she said. "To think it could be my husband or my son."

Among horrified onlookers Thursday was Lucy Davis, who comes here three times a
year to lay flowers and tend graves of 17 relatives. "What's happening to my
family? This is a nightmare."

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, USA TODAY (Map); PHOTOS, b/w, Bob Riha, Jr.,
Gamma-Liaison (2)

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 20, 2012 Wednesday

Family fights use of Fabens burial plot purchased by retiree's wife, 85

BYLINE: Ramon Renteria, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 606 words


June 20--Maria Rivera scraped together $1,200 to reserve a cemetery plot next to
her husband, Lorenzo, a humble cotton gin retiree known as "El Guero."

Rivera, 85, just recently learned the plot she had reserved at Our Lady of
Guadalupe Parish Cemetery in Fabens was mistakenly used to bury someone else.

Rivera, a Fabens homemaker and mother of four adult children, thought she had
taken an important step toward fulfilling her husband's fondest wish: that they
be buried next to each other after more than 60 years of marriage.

Now, Rivera is upset and disenchanted. Her family and church officials cannot
agree on how the situation, the result of a clerical error, should be fixed.

Church officials acknowledged they made a mistake, but say the family made extra
demands and rejected their offer to reserve a spot for Maria Rivera at another
nearby plot.

Lorenzo Rivera Sr. died in May from diabetes-related complications. He was 87.

The Rivera family went to the cemetery on Father's Day to pay their respects to
Lorenzo and discovered the plot previously reserved for Maria Rivera is now
occupied by 19-year-old Eber Antonio Gonzalez, who died recently.

Maria Rivera declined to be interviewed in detail, but her children and
grandchildren say the experience has left her angry.

"At this point, it looks like they (church officials) are not going to do the
right thing," said Joy Mahmood, 38, a workers' compensation insurance adjuster
in California and one of Lorenzo and Maria Rivera's

nine grandchildren. "The whole family is devastated."

Mahmood claims the church is unwilling to move her grandfather to another plot
or to dig him up and make the grave deeper so his wife can be buried in the same
grave, like the double-decker graves at Fort Bliss National Cemetery.

The Catholic parish in Fabens operates the cemetery about 30 miles east of El
Paso.

Whether the family or the church will foot the bill for a headstone and whether
Maria Rivera should be reimbursed is also in dispute.

"What irks me is that my grandmother used her savings to pay for this up front,"
Mahmood said. "I think we're being reasonable."

Lorenzo Rivera's children and grandchildren described him as a humble Mexican
immigrant who became a naturalized United States citizen. He loved to garden,
rooted for the San Francisco 49ers and loved the American flag on the pole in
his front yard. He built a three-bedroom house for his family in Fabens.

"They don't make men like him anymore," Mahmood said.

All front doors to the church and rectory were locked on Tuesday.

The Rev. Tonio Mena, pastor of Our Lady of Guadalupe Parish, declined to comment
via telephone.

Norrine Stitt, 75, a lifelong Fabens resident who works as a volunteer at the
church, said by phone that the Rivera family has been unwilling to compromise
with the church.

"It was an honest mistake," she said. "We tried to compromise by reserving a
spot at the head of their father so they would be together. But they wanted us
to dig the body out and put it another place. We can't do that."

Larry Rivera Jr., 59, one of Maria and Lorenzo Rivera Sr.'s sons, said he is
hopeful the family can resolve the dispute without going to court.

Maria Rivera is not sure any solution that is hammered out between her relatives
and church officials is going to make her or the family happy.

"Ya no le hace, tierra es tierra. (It doesn't matter, earth is earth)," she said
in a brief telephone conversation.

Ramon Renteria may be reached at rrenteria@elpasotimes.com; 546-6146.

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120620-EY-Family-fights-use-of-Fabens-burial-plot
-purchased-by-retiree-s-wife-85-0620-20120620

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             June 7, 2007 Thursday

Stinging Terror Plots

BYLINE: ERNEST STERNBERG

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 742 words


The news cycle is rapidly passing by yet another mass-murder plot against New
Yorkers. This time the targets were storage tanks at JFK airport, along with the
pipeline that supplies them with jet fuel. The conspirators allegedly hoped to
burn the airport and destroy at least some of the Queens neighborhoods through
which the pipeline runs.

After all, this is the same story yet again. New York is the target, its
residents are the desired victims, and the accused are Islamist fanatics. What's
more, the story has elements that skeptics can seize upon to belittle the
threat.

What we know so far comes from the formal accusation filed by the Kings County
District Attorney's Office to give cause for the arrest. The alleged plotters
had no explosives, no terrorist resumes, and at this stage of their plot, little
practical chance of setting Queens on fire.

But they were sufficiently driven by loathing for Americans, were persistent for
over a year and a half, and had murky international connections that may have
been useful enough to get them the resources they lacked.

They were snagged through a sting operation done by an FBI informant.

To reporters of the New York Times, Michael Powell and William Rashbaum, it was
less a plan than a "proposed effort longer on evil intent than on operational
capability." They quote a leading criminal defense attorney saying, "there is a
risk to overstating the sophistication of a terror plot." The article states,
"the risk is that drumbeating creates a climate of fear and drives public
policy." It ends with the lawyer's warning that over-hyping will cause fear and
paranoia.

I conclude very differently: the JFK pipeline plot reveals a grave risk and an
essential lesson. The risk is less in its particulars than in the fact that it
is one more plot on an ever-longer list.

By my count, it's the 17th - five carried out with actual fatalities - against
New York since 1993. They include the 15 listed in a previous article of mine in
the Sun, plus the Fort Dix plot uncovered last month.

Without paranoia or undue fear, a prudent person must conclude that there likely
are more plots in the works. Not all plots can be prevented by law enforcement
and not all are run by incompetent persons.

The JFK Pipeline Plot also reinforces a critical lesson in counterterrorism -
sting operations work.

Such operations felled the alleged Fort Dix plotters, helped convict Albany
conspirators of material support for terrorism, foiled the alleged Miami
plotters hoping to attack the Sears Tower in Chicago, undid the man trying to
blow up the Herald Square subway station, and caught a New Jersey merchant who
wanted to sell shoulder-launched missiles to what he thought was a terror group.

Last summer, Canadian authorities detained over a dozen suspects near Toronto,
after some of them took delivery of three tons of explosive nitrates from
undercover Mounties.

Sting operations are a variation on military strategies, the kind effectively
used by the Allies to confuse the Nazis about when and where the invasion of
Europe would occur.

Being loosely networked, the modern terrorist groups have less ability to fend
off well-planned deception. Their best option would be to work only with those
they trust. But as a former member of the FBI-NYPD Joint Terrorism Task Force,
Tom Carrigan, observed in the Sun on Monday, "They may have to reach out to
people they don't necessarily trust, but [for what] they need - for guns,
explosives, whatever."

That is the essential lesson from the JFK plot and others that have been
successfully uncovered: To acquire and deploy dangerous weapons, terrorist
groups have to reach out. The very decentralization and dispersion that makes
them hard to fight also makes them less self-sufficient.

The lesson about sting operations can be extended worldwide. For attacks with
biological weapons - perhaps the greatest threat we face - terrorists have to
obtain certain chemicals and equipment. They have to deal with drug companies
and laboratory suppliers. I can only hope that counterterrorism agencies have
made sure that some suppliers, in say Pakistan or India or Brazil, are under our
control to bait and trap the terrorists.

Let's make sure that of the billions being spent to fight terrorism enough goes
to the method that has had the clearest success record so far - carefully
organized sting operations.

Mr. Sternberg teaches at the University at Buffalo, State University of New
York.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                             August 11, 2006 Friday

Terror plot: United States: Officials see plot as worst threat since 9/11

BYLINE: Oliver Burkeman, New York

SECTION: GUARDIAN HOME PAGES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 634 words


The White House framed the apparently thwarted terrorist plot as a direct attack
on the US yesterday, as America responded to the news from London with a
nationwide tightening of airport security.

With officials describing the plot as the greatest terrorist threat to the US
since September 11 2001, George Bush called the arrests a "stark reminder" that
the country was "at war with Islamic fascists who will use any means to destroy
those of us who love freedom, to hurt our nation". Speaking in Wisconsin, the
president said: "It is a mistake to believe there is no threat to the United
States of America."

Delays grew at airports after homeland security officials banned all liquids and
gels from aircraft cabins except for baby formula and medicines. The official
terror threat level was raised throughout the aviation system, requiring
airlines to provide US authorities in advance with the name of every passenger
travelling from Britain.

Federal security officials were focusing on John F Kennedy airport in New York,
Dulles airport outside Washington, and Los Angeles International airport as the
probable destinations of the planes involved, they told state-level officials
privately. A spokesman described officers at the US Northern Command in Colorado
as "a little bit more vigilant" than normal.

By the middle of yesterday, additional armed air marshals had left the US for
London, where they were to joinUS-bound flights, mingling unidentified with
passengers, the homeland security department said. One of the carriers
reportedly targeted in the plot, American Airlines, cancelled several flights to
London, blaming delays at Heathrow.

US officials emphasised a suspected link with al-Qaida. The homeland security
secretary, Michael Chertoff, called the disrupted plans "suggestive of an
al-Qaida plot", while Robert Mueller, the FBI director, said the scheme "had the
earmarks of an al-Qaida plot". A senior counter-terrorism official told the
Associated Press that up to 50 people might have been connected to the
conspiracy.

Alberto Gonzales, the attorney general, suggested there might be prosecutions in
the US, though there had been no arrests or evidence of plotting on American
soil.

By Wednesday, Mr Chertoff said, the potential attackers "had accumulated and
assembled the capabilities they needed, and were in the final stages of planning
for execution . . . this is not a case where they were just in the initial
thought stage".

Repeatedly citing the British legal system as a reason for withholding further
information, officials painted a picture of close collaboration between British
and American investigators that had been stepped up in the last two weeks. Mr
Chertoff said that was when Washington had received the first definitive clues
that the plot would target American planes specifically. But there was still
uncertainty, he said, "about whether the British have scooped up everybody".

A former senior homeland security adviser to Mr Bush told the Guardian that the
US ban on liquids would probably be temporary. "Can we have an entirely
foolproof system? Probably, but at what cost, psychologically or economically?"
said Frank Cilluffo, director of the homeland security policy institute at
George Washington University in the US capital.

The official US terror threat level was raised to red, or severe, its highest
level, for commercial flights originating in the UK and bound for the US, and to
orange, or high, for the aviation system. The general nationwide threat level
remained unchanged at yellow, or elevated.

Showing a markedly more relaxed attitude than British authorities, Mr Chertoff
said US passengers should "go about their plans confidently, while maintaining
vigilance in their surroundings, and exercising patience with screening and
security officials".

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              July 2, 2010 Friday

Soybean rust is still not threatening state

LENGTH: 364  words

DATELINE: Mississippi


ississippi, July 02 -- The Mississippi state has issued following press release:

Mississippi remains completely free of soybean rust, and conditions as of June
30 were not favorable for the development of the disease.

Tom Allen, plant pathologist with the Mississippi State University Extension
Service, said soybean rust recently has been detected in the United States in
southern Texas, outside Mobile, Ala., and in the Florida Panhandle.

"Over the past few weeks, conditions throughout most of Mississippi have not
been conducive for the development of the disease," Allen said.

MSU's Extension Service has 25 sentinel plots throughout the state. They were
planted before April 2 to detect the first signs of rust if it occurs in the
state this year. The Extension Service soybean rust scouting team examines
sentinel plots, along with commercial soybean fields and kudzu patches, for
signs of the disease.

Sentinel plots are planted earlier than the commercial soybean crop and
monitored weekly throughout the growing season for soybean rust. When rust is
detected, MSU Extension personnel alerts area growers and provides suggestions
for appropriate treatment if necessary.

"The sentinel plots are coming along nicely, with most plots in the R5 growth
stages, when soybeans are more susceptible to rust infection," Allen said. "In
recent years, soybean rust has been detected in several states by June, but cold
conditions throughout the winter likely eradicated much, if not all, of the
fungus responsible for causing soybean rust in the Gulf Coast states."

Mississippi had significant rust in all 82 counties in 2009, but only one
soybean field left untreated had excessive losses due to the disease.

The soybean rust hotline, (866) 841-1847, will be updated as needed throughout
the growing season to keep Mississippi, Louisiana and Arkansas producers aware
of the rust situation. The hotline is sponsored by the Mississippi Soybean
Promotion Board and BASF.

For more information please contact plusnewspk@gmail.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                              July 30, 2000 Sunday

Grisham expert at developing plots

BYLINE: CINDA KLICKNA

SECTION: BOOKS; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 556 words


John Grisham's books continue to make the top ten bestseller chart, probably
because of his easy-to-read plots.

Grisham develops several plots at once, each as intriguing as the next. The
reader knows that somehow the plots will all connect later in the book, but
Grisham is good at keeping the reader guessing how and then craftily designing a
way for the plots to converge into one.

In "The Brethren" (Doubleday Books, $27.95), the first plot revolves around the
title characters,  three judges who do not know each other until they all land
at Trumble, a  federal prison in Florida.

Joe Roy Spicer, a justice of the peace from Mississippi, has been caught
stealing bingo profits from the Shriners. Finn Yarber, chief justice of the
California Supreme Court, evaded paying income taxes. And Hatlee Beech, a Texas
federal judge, killed two people in a car accident and when found was
accompanied by a naked, drunk woman, who was not his wife.

The Brethren are respected by the other prisoners, preside over the mock trials
held at the prison and help the inmates with their legal questions.

Their take is quite hefty, and they are socking it away in overseas' bank
accounts.

In Washington, D.C., another plot unfolds. Aaron Lake, a 14-year Congressman
from Arizona lives a perfect life. A widower at 53, he is fit, health-conscious,
lives in a tony apartment in Georgetown, occasionally dates and finds his life
fulfilling until he is asked to meet with the CIA.

In a third plot, Teddy Maynard, the head of the CIA is concerned that Russian
leaders Chenkov and Goltin have been stockpiling arms and planning a takeover of
Poland. He fears their plan may work since the United States has depleted its
military appropriations. He has been checking out Aaron Lake, who he thinks is
the perfect man to carry out a plan that he and others have concocted that will
save the United States.

Maynard offers Lake money, advertising help, speech writers, in fact, anything
he might need, if  he will enter the presidential race. But Maynard makes it
clear that Lake is to have only one main issue as his platform - the doubling of
the military budget. Since the New Hampshire primary has already taken place and
the election looks wrapped up already, Lake is skeptical that he can have much
effect, but Maynard has the power to raise more money than the other candidates,
get key people to endorse Lake, and actually stage situations throughout the
world that make Lake's platform seem sensible and imminently necessary.

Grisham has a way of adding his personal views on topics in a very simple way.
For instance, he tells us the prison is "nicer than most public schools,"
certainly a truth these days since new prisons have state-of-the-art libraries,
exercise rooms and lounges. He also shows his view of military spending and
budgets, showing that we may not be planning for future situations sufficiently.

Characters are each unique, from serious Aaron Lake, to wheelchair-bound Teddy
Maynard. The three Brethren add humor and a bit of unbelievability in their
naivete about going undiscovered in their scam.

Can Aaron Lake win the election? Can Maynard win at his goal of increasing the
military budget?  Can the Brethren get out of jail and collect all their money?

The resolution is perfect. The reader is left smiling at the ending!

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: PHOTO OF BOOK COVER

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2000 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            March 8, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Defense: Moussaoui info wouldn't have stopped 9/11;
Defendant's lies covered up terror plot, prosecution says

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 527 words


ALEXANDRIA, Va. -- Defense lawyers for Zacarias Moussaoui suggested Tuesday in a
sentencing hearing for the al-Qaeda conspirator that the FBI would not have been
able to stop the Sept. 11 plot even if Moussaoui told all he knew.

The FBI had plenty of warnings about a possible attack using hijacked airliners
and still did not uncover the plot, defense lawyer Edward MacMahon said. He
suggested anything Moussaoui told them would not have stopped the Sept. 11
attacks.

Moussaoui has admitted he planned to fly a plane into the White House but in a
plot separate from the Sept. 11 attack.

The prosecution has argued during this week's sentencing hearing that Moussaoui
deserves the death penalty because his lies to investigators before the
terrorist attacks in 2001 prevented the plot from being exposed.

Moussaoui, 37, is the only person in the USA charged in the Sept. 11 plot. He
was arrested on immigration charges in August 2001 in Minnesota, where he was
enrolled in a flight school -- 25 days before the attacks, in which radical
Islamists flew jetliners into the Pentagon, the World Trade Center and a field
in Pennsylvania. The terrorists killed almost 3,000 people.

In court Tuesday, FBI Special Agent Michael Anticev, an expert on al-Qaeda, told
the jury the FBI was aware suspected members of the terrorist group were seeking
flight training in the USA as far back as the early 1990s.

Anticev said the bureau believed the training was to prepare pilots to ferry
terrorist leader Osama bin Laden or assist with the organization's other
business.

Under questioning by MacMahon, Anticev acknowledged he had never heard of
Moussaoui before the Sept. 11 attacks, despite attempts within the bureau at the
time to call attention to Moussaoui's suspicious interests in pilot training.

MacMahon also elicited testimony from another government witness that some of
the 19 suicide hijackers were able to avoid detection despite leaving a long,
public trail of their activities.

FBI Special Agent James Fitzgerald said Nawaf Alhazmi, one of the hijackers,
called police in Virginia five months before the hijacking to report he had been
mugged. He declined to press charges.

Lead suicide hijacker Mohamed Atta caused a stir when he abandoned a plane when
it stalled during flight training at a Miami airport.

"You haven't connected that man to any one of the people who hijacked those
planes, right?" MacMahon said, nodding to his client.

"No, not directly," Fitzgerald said.

Earlier, a number of al-Qaeda leaders, including Osama bin Laden, appeared on
video in the courtroom when the government replayed post-Sept. 11 broadcasts in
which bin Laden was seen celebrating the casualties and destruction. "Here is
America hit by God," bin Laden said. "He destroyed its greatest buildings,
thanks to God."

At one point, Moussaoui mouthed prayers uttered by bin Laden. During a court
break after the jury departed, he called out, "God curse America. God bless
Osama bin Laden."

Rosemary Dillard, whose husband was killed on one of the four hijacked
airliners, said she was happy with the hearing so far.

"You can tell the jury is thinking deeply about what is being said," she said.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Art Lein, AFP/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 25, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

MIANUS RIVER GORGE YIELDS A WEALTH OF VARIETY

BYLINE: By MARGARET PARKE

SECTION: Section 11; Westchester; Page 21, Column 1; Weschester Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1325 words


ON a Saturday morning, Gily Bard tied a small botanical 20-power lens loosely
around her neck and drove from her home in Tuckahoe to a lush meadow near the
Bedford Village Green. It was there that the plant succession committee of the
Mianus River Gorge Wildlife Refuge and Botanical Preserve was conducting its
fourth annual survey of plants growing in the abandoned field.

Dr. Bard, who at age 11 decided that she would become a botanist after reading
''The Hunger Fighters'' by Paul de Kruif, is on the faculty of Lehman College
and heads the working corps for this botanical experiment. The preserve,
acquired in 1955, was the first parcel of land purchased by the nature
conservancy.

''Succession is to ecology what the theory of evolution is to biology as a
whole,'' Dr. Bard said, citing one reason why the plantsuccession project was
begun in 1977. Since then, the study group has met yearly in a 12-acre field to
observe and tally the plants that are growing there undisturbed.

The land was donated to the Mianus Preserve in two parcels, in 1969 and 1973, by
Gerard H. Wood, a retired Navy captain who still lives in Bedford. Twenty plots,
each encompassing an area of one square meter, have been set aside in the field
for examination.

According to R. Eugene Curry, chairman of the Mianus River Gorge conservation
committee, the land is particularly suited for a study of plant succession - the
change of a plant community over time.

''It's a mix of wetland and meadowland, so it supports a variety of
vegetation,'' he said. ''Earlier, some of the field was mowed as part of Captain
Wood's lawn, but since 1969 it has been allowed to revert completely to
nature.''

Six of the study plots are in the wetland area, 11 in the meadow, and three of
the plots are mowed each autumn after seeds have matured and fallen. These
plots, which are examined after the winter, serve as a foil for the unmowed
ones.

By 8 A.M., all were present at the site and the day's work began.  Arthur Ode,
director of horticulture of the Botanical Garden in New York City, unpacked
several field guides to the flora of the Northeastern United States from his
knapsack - revealing his interest in both horticulture (how to grow plants) and
botany (how plants grow). James Gibb, the chief warden and naturalist of the
Mianus Gorge Preserve for 23 years, unloaded from his car trunk the portable
wood frame that would be aligned with the markers at each plot.

Elliot Schneiderman, who recently earned his doctorate degree in theoretical
ecology and who is the official plant recorder for the study, assembled a
clipboard, a water jug and a metal colortransparency box for keeping plant
specimens fresh for later examination. However, when a specimen is needed, it is
snipped from vegetation outside the plots, so that manmade actions do not
interfere with what is happening inside them.

Mr. Gibb, whose weathered countenance and Scottish burr are familiar to many who
walk the trails in the 395-acre preserve, warned that the motto for the study
plots is the same as for the preserve proper: bring nothing in, take nothing
out. To which he added, ''Except your footprints.''

Tramping through the waist-high growth toward the first study plot, Mr. Ode gave
a thumbnail description of plant succession from the layman's point of view:
''Where you have an abandoned field, first you see the wildflowers, and then
very quickly you will see the woody growth come in. In our woods and forests,
you find stone walls among the trees, indicating that the trees have replaced
the earlier ephemeral plants and the woody shrubs.''

According to Dr. Bard, plant succession as it is understood today is a mixture
of theory and fact. The classic pattern for plant succession in the deciduous
temperate zone, into which Westchester falls, holds that the first plants to
invade abandoned land are the annuals, plants that go from seed-to-seed in less
than a year and then die. Next, some perennials come in along with the annuals,
and the perennials, theoretically, continue to grow year after year.  Annuals
give way to perennials in about five years in this area. The woody seedlings of
shrubs and trees begin to appear with the annuals and perennials, but they are
short-lived at first, with many seedlings dying the first year. It takes about
25 years for red maples, dogwood and other softwood trees to establish
themselves.  Hardwoods, including large oaks and sugar maples, take hold after
about 60 years.

There are other kinds of plant succession - succession that begins on rocks in
soil-less conditions, or in a lake or pond - but they are not the type being
studied in this experiment.

Plot 1 is in the marshy area of the field. Iris (Iris versicolor) grow along
with cattail (Typha catilobia) and marsh fern (Thelypteris palustris). The soil
is barely moist this year, but Mr. Gibb remembers everyone standing ankle-deep
in water in 1978.

The four experts placed the wooden frame over the markers at the plot and soon
were huddling over the plants, intently peering through magnifying lenses at the
underside of a leaf. There is a hint of Agatha Christie as they search for
clues: Is it hirsute, or glabrous (hairless)? Is there a petiole, or is it
sessile (stalkless)? Perfoliate (hugging the stem)?

During the first survey made by Dr. Bard and her colleagues, half of Plot 19 was
taken over by tiny seedlings that were unidentifiable. It wasn't until the study
resumed in September, when the plants were more mature, that they were
recognized as Polygonum sagittatum, commonly known as tearthumb or knotweed.

''When you're doing ecological work of the type we're doing,'' Dr.  Bard said,
''We have to identify plants that most taxonomists won't touch because the
diagnostic characteristics -flowers or fruits - are lacking. We sometimes have
to identify seedlings that don't have the right leaves yet.''

A present-absent record is kept for each plot. The name of each species found
growing in the plot is entered, an estimated percentage of how much of the plot
area the plant occupies (canopy or top-growth coverage), and an estimate of bare
soil in the plot. A sample of the 12 species recorded for Plot 12 shows:
Solidago rugosa (roughstemmed goldenrod), 7 percent coverage; Acer rubrum (red
maple), 1 seedling; Polytrichum commune (haircap moss), 5 percent coverage; bare
soil, 90 percent. So far, 54 species have been documented in this way: 10 woody,
44 herbaceous. Because of canopying, or overlapping, percentages exceed 100
percent.

The study has been designed to transcend simply documenting change, and so far,
only part of the story is in. Both Dr. Bard and Dr.  Schneiderman have begun
statistical analyses on succession in an attempt to shed more light on it.

''Succession is still poorly understood, and the processes more complex than was
thought until now,'' said Dr. Schneiderman in a small walk-up office in
Greenwich. Two filing cabinets held his uniquely beautiful three-dimensional
collection of lichens and a laboratory miscrocope stood uncovered on a desk. Dr.
Schneiderman, who is teaching environmental ecology at Mercy College in Dobbs
Ferry, feels that the exciting area of succession is in the dynamics of the
process itself.

''We may be putting together a piece of the puzzle with our small experiment,''
he says, ''but it is still too early to tell.'' At the last plant succession
study committee meeting, Dr. Bard reported, ''All is going along as expected.
The final results will be better known in 100 years.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Gily Bard, Elliot Schneiderman, Arthur Ode

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2017 Monday

Garden Plot Rental Registration

LENGTH: 382  words

DATELINE: New York



 Richmond: Charlottesville, VA has issued the following  news release:



 The Department of Parks and Recreation has opened the new garden plot
enrollment period.



 Letters were sent to 2016 plot renters asking them to renew their rental. If a
2016 renter has failed to renew the plot will be made available to others. Plots
are NOT automatically renewed and renters must re-register each year.





 Allocation of city garden plots to new neighborhood renters begins on Monday,
February 13, 2017 through Friday, February 17, 2017.  You must live with a
quarter of a mile of the garden plots to be able to rent during this time.  This
approach has been requested by members of the gardening community in order to
let those within close proximity to have access to garden plots.



 If there are any unallocated plots registration of other City resident renters
will begin on Tuesday, February 21, 2017, and for all other new renters on
Monday, February 27, 2017 if plots are available.



 There will again be a limited number of half plots available for those who
would prefer a smaller parcel.  As of February 10 there were plots available at
all four garden plot locations: Rives Park, Meadowcreek Gardens (behind old
English Inn); Michie Drive (adjacent region X) and Azalea Park.



 Rates are the same as last year with full plot rentals at Azalea Park and
Meadowcreek being $50.00 for city residents and $70.00 for non-city residents.
Half plots and Rives Park plots will be priced at $30.00 for residents and
$40.00 for non-residents.  Michie Drive plots are $20.00 for residents and
$30.00 for non-residents.  The rental period is from March 1 through December
31.



 To rent a plot you must appear in person at the main office of the Department
of Parks and Recreation at 501 East Main Street which is on the mall directly
across from the elevator to the Market Street parking lot and request a plot
between the hours of 8:00 am and 5:00 pm. Telephone or e-mail registrations for
garden plots are not permitted. Plots may or may not be available depending upon
the level of renewals and prior rentals. There may be a limited number of half
plots available for those who would prefer a smaller parcel.



 For additional information please call Doug Ehman, Parks Division Manager at
434.970.3021.





LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 16, 2011 Friday

Mesa Cemetery plans to add 1,200 plots

BYLINE: Garin Groff, East Valley Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 311 words


Dec. 16--Mesa will expand its nearly full cemetery next year, allowing more of
the departed to spend eternity next to their loved ones -- and close to a few
notable remains.

The 3-acre expansion will meet demand for several years, said Andrea Moore, a
planning and development supervisor. Mesa sells 300 to 450 plots a year.

"We have just over 1,000 plots left, so we're close to being at capacity," Moore
said.

By the summer, the cemetery will have more than 1,200 new plots and 360 spaces
for infants.

The $745,143 project will begin in a few weeks and expand the cemetery to the
north. The cemetery expects to eventually develop eight adjacent acres, adding
6,000 plots.

The cemetery, at 1212 N. Center St., is visible to spring training fans who
watch the Chicago Cubs at Hohokam Stadium. Some locally significant and even
nationally important people have been buried there since it opened in 1891.

Notable burials include:

--Waylon Jennings, the country western singer and songwriter.

--Ernesto Miranda, the Mesa-born criminal suspect whose 1966 U.S. Supreme Court
case resulted in a requirement that police inform individuals of their rights
when being arrested.

--John Lee, a western entertainer who popularized the song "Red River Valley."

--Mesa's four founding fathers: Charles Crismon, Frances Pomeroy, Charles Robson
and George W. Sirrine.

--Daniel W. Jones, the leader of the 1877 expedition party that settled what is
now Mesa.

--Twenty-three Royal Air Force pilots and one U.S. pilot who were killed in
accidents at Mesa's Falcon Field while training to fight in World War II. Every
year, a service is held the Sunday before Memorial Day to honor the airmen.

--Contact writer: (480) 898-6548 or ggroff@evtrib.com

___ (c)2011 East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Ariz.) Visit East Valley Tribune (Mesa,
Ariz.) at www.eastvalleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111216-MZ-Mesa-Cemetery-plans-to-add-1,200-plots-1216-20111216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2011 East Valley Tribune


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 31, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Transcripts In Bombing Are Debated

BYLINE: By MARY B. W. TABOR

SECTION: Section B; Page 4; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 560 words


Defense lawyers and prosecutors in the case of the alleged plot to terrorize New
York City offered a prelude yesterday to the kind of battle that will likely
dominate the trial -- jousting over the merits of often elliptical conversations
among defendants that were secretly recorded by a government informer.

At a bail hearing for one defendant, Mohammed Abouhalima, prosecutors argued
that transcripts of those recordings show that the Mr. Abouhalima, 29, an
Egyptian, was part of a terrorist group that planned the assassination of
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt and trained for terrorist acts at a
paramilitary camp.

But Mr. Abouhalima's lawyer, Hassen Abdellah, argued in Federal District Court
in Manhattan that the same transcripts cleared his client, or were at least
inconclusive.

"It's clear from this proceeding that the prosecutors quoted areas of transcript
totally out of context," Mr. Abdellah said after the hearing.

Visit to Camp Cited

At the late afternoon session, Robert S. Khuzami, a prosecutor, also said that
between December 1992 and March 1993, Mr. Abouhalima trained for the Mubarak
assassination and other terrorist acts at a paramilitary camp in Pennsylvania.

Mr. Abdellah countered that Mr. Abouhalima had attended the camp, but was not
training for any such plots.

Mr. Khuzami also argued that Mr. Abouhalima was present during discussions about
the Mubarak assassination plot and about the possibility of infiltration by a
government informer. Mr. Khuzami said that Mr. Abouhalima's presence during such
highly sensitive talks indicated his involvement.

But Mr. Abdellah, referring to transcripts from May 23 and May 30, said that
Siddig Ibrahim Siddig Ali, another defendant, had specifically told Emad Salem,
the informer, that Mr. Abouhalima knew nothing about the assassination plot.

The 'Laughing Cow' Plot

In fact, Mr. Abdellah said, Mr. Siddig Ali implicated only himself. "He says,
'The only one who knows about the operation is me,' " Mr. Abdellah said. He
later said that the two men referred to the plot as "Laughing Cow."

Mr. Abouhalima, along with 14 other men, including Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman, the
Egyptian cleric, were charged last week with being part of a group that
orchestrated a massive terrorist campaign, including bombing the World Trade
Center, the foiled plot to bomb the United Nations and other targets and planned
kidnappings and murders.

Judge Michael B. Mukasey denied bail to Mr. Abouhalima.

Mr. Abdellah said that the government had arrested his client to "exert pressure
on his brother Mahmud," a defendant in the Trade Center bombing, to cooperate in
that trial, which is to begin Sept. 14.

The lawyer also charged that Mohammed Abouhalima's arrest was an act of
retaliation because Mr. Abouhalima had refused to talk two weeks ago, when
F.B.I. agents came to his house.

Mr. Khuzami argued that Mr. Abouhalima had misled the agents in earlier talks.
After the Trade Center bombing, Mr. Khuzami said, Mohammed Abouhalima helped
Mahmud Abouhalima leave the United States and told investigators that his
brother was on a religious pilgrimage.

In fact, Mr. Khuzami said, Mr. Abouhalima and Mr. Siddig Ali rode together to
the airport that day. At the time, he said, Mr. Siddig Ali was gathering
documents to help Mahmud Abouhalima find safe haven in the Sudan.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              June 3, 2007 Sunday
                               CITY FINAL EDITION

PLOT SENDS PREZ HOPEFULS RUSHING FOR MICROPHONES

BYLINE: BY CELESTE KATZ DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER With Adam Lisberg

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 284 words


CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa - The alleged plot to blow up Kennedy Airport set off a
wildfire in Iowa, where Democratic presidential candidates faced a barrage of
questions yesterday about U.S. vulnerability.

The specter of terrorists igniting an inferno at JFK could increase the campaign
focus on security, an issue that plays to the strength of former mayor Rudy
Giuliani, one of the front-runners on the GOP side. Giuliani has attacked the
Democrats as weak on protecting America.

But the Dems gathered here for a candidate forum emphasized a vigilant and
muscular anti-terrorism stance as they wooed more than 1,000 Iowa activists.

The JFK incident "just raises the seriousness of the ongoing threats that we
face and how we have to remain vigilant and do a good job in securing and
defending ourselves, and I view that as my highest responsibility as a senator
and when I'm President," said Sen. Hillary Clinton (D-N.Y.), the Democratic
front-runner.

Some skeptics have suggested such plot foilings are played up to distract
attention from problems elsewhere, such as in Iraq - even when the plots were
nowhere close to being executed.

But, Clinton said, "I take all of these plots seriously, unless proven
otherwise. There's no reason to be second-guessing."

Sen. Chris Dodd of Connecticut used the alleged plot to launch a critique of the
Bush administration. "Clearly, the way you deal with [terror] is you have better
intelligence, you have a better military that can respond to these things. It's
been hollowed out by this administration," Dodd said.

New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson, asked about Giuliani's constant criticism of
Democrats' ability to deal with terror, called it "ridiculous."

ckatz@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             March 23, 2012 Friday

Garden Plots Are Available At Park

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 123  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


The Lancaster County Department of Parks and Recreation is again renting garden
plots to the public at Lancaster County Central Park.

Plots may be rented from April 15 through Oct. 15.

Renters can apply for a plot at the park office, 1050 Rockford Road. Hours are
Monday through Friday from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.

County residents can select either a 20-foot-by-20-foot plot or a
20-foot-by-40-foot plot.

Renters pay a one-time fee of $20 for a small plot and $25 for a larger plot.
The garden plots are located off Farm View Drive just off Golf Road.

Organic plots also are available. These are plots that have been free of
pesticides and herbicides for more than three years.

For more information, visit www.lancastercountyparks.org or call 299-8215.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                              July 9, 2010 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Conspiracy to murder convictions secured at third trial

BYLINE: chris greenwood

SECTION: HS - NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 628 words


Three men have been found guilty of conspiring to murder hundreds of people in a
terrorist attack.

Ibrahim Savant, Arafat Waheed Khan and Waheed Zaman were convicted yesterday by
a jury at Woolwich Crown Court.

The three men were among eight tried in connection with an al Qaeda-inspired
plot to detonate homemade liquid bombs on transatlantic jets.

They were cleared of having roles in targeting aeroplanes but put on trial again
to face charges of conspiracy to murder.

Savant, of Stoke Newington,  Khan and Zaman, both of Walthamstow, will be
sentenced today.

Abdulla Ahmed Ali, of Walth-amstow; Assad Sarwar, of High Wycombe; and Tanvir
Hussain, of Leyton, were found guilty of the airline bomb plot last year.

The plot led by Ali involved smuggling liquid bombs in drinks bottles on to
planes bound for North America.

The hydrogen peroxide devices would have been assembled and detonated in mid-air
by a team of suicide bombers.

Ali singled out seven flights  to San Francisco, Toronto,  Montreal, Washington,
New York and Chicago that departed within two-and-a-half hours of each other.

If successful, the explosions could have resulted in greater  carnage than the
attacks of  September 11, 2001.

Counter-terrorist police and the security services spent more than £35 million
foiling the plot and bringing Ali and the others to justice.

The arrest of the gang in August 2006 sparked tight restrictions on carrying
liquids on to aircrafts that initially caused travel chaos.

The jury rejected the defence that the plot was an elaborate publicity stunt.

Sue Hemming, head of the CPS counter-terrorism division, said the convictions
were the culmination of years of work by police, the security services and
prosecutors. She said:  Savant, Khan and Zaman were actively working alongside
other men on a plot to cause death and injury on a massive scale.

They were cleared in the previous trial of being aware of the ultimate targets
of the plot, but we say that they were committed to the principle and practice
of violent jihad to the point of targeting innocent people in an attempt to
further their cause.

The charges against these men were so serious that, following two previous
trials where juries could not reach verdicts, the director of public
prosecutions decided that the evidence must be properly tested before a jury for
a third time. The verdicts demonstrate that the Crown Prosecution Service was
right to pursue a third trial.

Hemming added:  These men were involved in a calculated and sophisticated plot
to create a terrorist event of major proportions, working alongside others who
were determined to bring down aircraft using homemade explosives, causing the
maximum possible loss of life.

Along with others in the conspiracy, they recorded chilling so-called martyrdom
videos that feature threats to the West of waves of terrorist attacks and
suggested justification for terrorism.

There can of course be no legitimate reason for planning and carrying out such
acts, whether they knew of the intended targets or not.

The verdicts bring to a conclusion a marathon series of prosecutions that began
with a five-month trial in April 2008.

Ali, Hussain and Sarwar were convicted of conspiracy to murder people unknown,
but not of plotting to blow up aeroplanes. Mohammed Gulzar was acquitted.

They were put on trial again in March 2009 and convicted of the plot to destroy
transatlantic aircraft. The jury acquitted Savant, Khan and Zaman of having
roles in the aeroplane plot, but was hung on charges of conspiracy to murder. A
third retrial was then called.

Evidence included 26,000 exhibits, 9710 statements, 142 interviews with
defendants and 800 seized electronic devices.

Police examined 14,000GB of data, including 15,000 CDs and DVDs and 500 floppy
disks.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GUILTY: From left, Arafat Waheed Khan, Waheed Zaman and Ibrahim Savant
were part of the plot to detonate homemade liquid bombs on transatlantic jets .
Picture: PA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GH


                      Copyright 2010 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The News Herald (Panama City, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 14, 2011 Friday

Area lawmakers react to terror plot

BYLINE: Randal Yakey, The News Herald, Panama City, Fla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 382 words


Oct. 14--PANAMA CITY -- A murder-for-hire plot linked to Iran has sent
reverberations throughout Capital Hill, and with those who represent Bay County.

Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Fla., lashed out at the Iranian government during a speech
before the Senate, calling the conspirators "blood-thirsty."

"Can you believe a plot to assassinate a diplomat here in our capital city of
Washington?" Nelson asked his Senate colleagues Wednesday. "A plot that has the
intrigue like a 'B' novel that brings in the Mexican drug cartels. A plot that,
according to the attorney general, has been hatched by the high levels of the
Iranian government."

U.S. Rep. Steve Southerland, R-Panama City, said sanctions against Iran have
been lax and more needs to be done to protect the country.

"This plot indicates how woefully ineffective Iranian sanctions have been,"
Southerland said in a released statement Thursday. "Current sanctions haven't
stopped Iran's government from stifling the religious freedom of its people,
continuing its aggressive pursuit of nuclear proliferation and advocating the
destruction of Israel. Unified, freedom-loving nations must take serious steps
to convey a zero tolerance for international thuggery, including effective
sanctions that hold Iran's government responsible for this provocative, evil
scheme."

On Thursday, the Senate Banking Committee considered whether to apply additional
sanctions against Iran for its alleged involvement in the plot. Members of the
committee supported current sanctions but criticized Russia and China for their
partnership with Iran.

Rep. Jeff Miller, R-Chumuckla, also called for tougher sanctions and further
isolation of Iran if they continue to threaten American security and peace,

"Iran has continued to threaten international security and peace, while thumbing
its nose at other nations who have condemned their behavior," Miller said in a
released statement. "Iran must learn that they will face consequences for their
actions. We must continue to work with our global allies to push for stronger
sanctions and other actions that will further pressure Iran's government and
increase their isolation."

___ (c)2011 The News Herald (Panama City, Fla.) Visit The News Herald (Panama
City, Fla.) at www.newsherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111014-PY-Area-lawmakers-react-to-terror-plot-1014-20111014

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PY


                         Copyright 2011 The News Herald


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                              July 17, 2005 Sunday

Officials working to build food plots on forest land

BYLINE: Bob Frye

LENGTH: 515 words


Sportsmen who want more deer and are willing to work for them may soon be in
demand.

Officials with the Pennsylvania Game Commission and Department of Conservation
and Natural Resources are working on a plan to use sportsmen to help build food
plots on state forest land.

The idea, first pitched by commissioner Greg Isabella of Philadelphia, was
discussed by officials from both agencies at a face-to-face meeting in
Harrisburg on June 29.

"In my opinion, it's a no-brainer," Isabella said. "I told (DCNR), you guys want
to shoot deer. Our guys want to see lots of deer and shoot them. Let's do
something where we can attract the deer closer to where the hunters are."

The proposal that emerged remains a work in progress. Generally, though, it
calls for a pilot project that would put food plots on four areas of state
forest, perhaps before this fall. The plots would be designed to sustain deer in
late winter and early spring, when natural foods are most scarce.

Four areas are in consideration for the pilot project: Weiser State Forest in
Isabella's district; Delaware State Forest in commission president John Riley's
district; Bald Eagle State Forest in commissioner Tom Boop's district and an
area in northcentral Pennsylvania, perhaps Sproul State Forest.

DCNR would provide most of the funding to build each food plot, but the
commission and sportsmen would be asked to contribute money, equipment or
manpower where needed, said DCNR wildlife biologist Merlin Benner.

The food plots will be small, perhaps an acre each, though it's possible several
plots will be put on each site. Still, that wo'1t be enough to allow deer
numbers to grow substantially, Benner admitted.

"I don't think it really puts more deer on the landscape. I think it
concentrates deer probably," Benner said.

That might be enough to satisfy hunters, Isabella said. They'll have to be
willing to shoot the deer they see, though, if the program is to survive long
term.

"The people at DCNR did tell me that if these food plots are attracting deer,
and they start multiplying too high and hunters aren't shooting does, that's not
acceptable," Isabella said. "Then, this will be over."

If all that makes the food plot project seem more like a public relations move
than anything else, that's not entirely untrue.

Benner said DCNR has worked with sportsmen's groups numerous times in the past,
teaming up to provide habitat for species like elk and turkeys. There are those
in the department who see this as an opportunity to embark on a similar
partnership while educating hunters about deer habitat, deer impacts, and deer
management as a whole.

"We see some positives from such a program," Benner said.

Riley, too, said the project is an olive branch of sorts, offered by DCNR to the
commission and the hunters who pay for and carry out deer management for
everyone.

"We can't have hunters mad at everything everyone does. We've got to get over
this snit, I guess you'd call it," Riley said. "We've got to get away from this
name calling business and find solutions that are going to work for people."

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2005 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     May 22, 2002, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Foreigners linked to terror tricked INS, report says

BYLINE: Donna Leinwand

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 1888 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- At least half of the 48 Muslim radicals linked to terrorist plots
in the USA since 1993 manipulated or violated immigration laws to enter this
country and then stay here, an analysis by the Center for Immigration Studies
says.

The terrorists used tourist, student and business visas, requests for amnesty
and asylum, sham marriages and lies to trick Immigration and Naturalization
Service officials into allowing them to stay in the USA, according to the
report, which the non-partisan center will release today. Even when the
terrorists did little to hide violations of visa requirements or other laws, INS
officials failed to enforce the laws or to deport the offenders, the report
says.

"Every aspect of the U.S. immigration system has been penetrated by terrorists,
so our response must be equally broad," says Steven Camarota, director of
research for the center. "Clearly our immigration system is critically important
to preventing attacks on U.S. soil. But it doesn't have to be foolproof. If you
just catch some of the people, you can often cause a large conspiracy to
unravel."


The study found that at the time they committed their crimes, 12 of the 48 were
illegal immigrants. At least five others had lived in the USA illegally, and
four others had committed significant immigration violations. Others were here
legally but should have been rejected for visas because they fit U.S.
immigration laws' profile of people who are likely to overstay their visas, the
report says.

The report's unflattering portrayal of the INS is the latest blow to an agency
that Congress has targeted for reorganization, largely because of the agency's
failure to enforce immigration laws and keep track of immigrants and visitors.
The INS does not have enough people to investigate and arrest all visa
violators, agency spokesman Russ Bergeron says. There are 1,950 immigration
agents nationwide and an estimated 7 million to 8 million undocumented
immigrants -- about one agent for every 4,100 immigrants, Bergeron says.

The INS does not have a system to monitor visa expirations and does not track
the whereabouts of foreign tourists.

"When you look at the wide range of important tasks, and the number of INS
agents is smaller than most metropolitan police departments, it becomes rather
obvious that there is a serious lack of resources," Bergeron says.

The analysis of the 48 men linked to terrorist plots here indicates that INS and
consular officials do not sufficiently scrutinize visa applicants. It also says
U.S. agencies and foreign governments do not communicate about terrorism watch
lists and intelligence reports, and adds that the United States lacks
immigration enforcement within the nation's borders.

When the INS does arrest suspected immigration violators, it sometimes lacks
jail space to hold them, the report says.

It says INS officials should not have issued tourist visas to many of the Sept.
11 hijackers because, as young, unmarried, generally low-income men without
significant ties to their home nations, they fit the profile of "intending
immigrants." That means they were considered likely to overstay their visas and
seek permanent immigration.

The study says the INS had several opportunities to keep Mohamed Atta, the
suspected ringleader of the attacks Sept. 11, out of the country or to deport
him once he arrived, Camarota says. Consular officials could have rejected his
tourist visa because he seemed to be an "intending immigrant." When Atta
overstayed his visa in December 2000, the INS could have deported him. When he
left the USA a month later and then returned, INS agents could have refused to
readmit him.

INS officials declined to commit on specific cases, saying they had not seen the
report. An official from the consular bureau of the State Department, which
issues visas at overseas consulates, says the visas cited in the report were
issued in compliance with U.S. law.

TEXT OF INFO BOX BEGINS HERE

How some with terrorist ties entered USA . . . and stayed

A report by the Center for Immigration Studies says that more than half of 48
foreigners linked to terrorist incidents in the USA since 1993 should have been
deported beforehand. In some cases, the report says, the foreigners misled the
Immigration and Naturalization Service about their intentions. In others,
authorities did not enforce U.S. laws. Among the cases examined:

Name: Omar Abdel-- Rahman

Terrorist plot: Egyptian serving life term for planning to bomb New York City
landmarks.

Status when charged: Asylum applicant

Dealings with INS or other agencies: Allowed to enter USA four times in late
1980s, even though he was put on a terrorist watch list in 1987. Overstayed visa
in 1990; visa revoked. Applied for visa under a different name and was granted
permanent residency in 1991. Residency revoked in 1992. He then applied for
asylum.

Name: Fadil Abdelghani

Terrorist plot: Sudanese linked to plot to bomb New York landmarks. Serving
25-year sentence.

Status when charged: Legal permanent resident

Dealings with INS or other agencies: Overstayed 1987 tourist visa. Lived here as
illegal alien until 1991, when he married a U.S. citizen. That made him a legal
permanent resident.

Name: Gazi Ibrahim Abu Mezer

Terrorist plot: Palestinian who planned to bomb Brooklyn subway. Said during
trial that he came to America to kill as many Jews as possible. Sentenced to
life in prison.

Status when charged: llegal alien

Dealings with INS or other agencies: Denied student visa in 1993. Got Canadian
student visa. Caught three times trying to sneak into USA from Canada. After
third try, Canada refused to take him back. INS released him and started
deportation proceedings. Arrested before proceedings were done.

Name: Lafi Khalil

Terrorist plot: Palestinian linked to plot to bomb Brooklyn subway. Found guilty
of immigration fraud; sentenced to three years in prison.

Status when charged: Illegal alien

Dealings with INS or other agencies: Issued transit visa in 1996 for travel
through the USA to Ecuador. At JFK Airport in New York, an INS inspector
mistakenly stamped his passport with a six-month tourist visa instead of 29
days. He boarded a flight to Syracuse, N.Y., then overstayed his visa.

Name: Ali Mohammed

Terrorist plot: Egyptian who pleaded guilty to taking part in conspiracy to bomb
U.S. embassies in Africa in 1998. Plea agreement sealed.

Status when charged: Naturalized U.S. citizen

Dealings with INS or other agencies: Put on terrorist watch list in 1984 but was
granted a visa in 1985. Received permanent residency after marrying U.S. citizen
in 1986.

Name: Khalid Abu al Dahab

Terrorist plot: Egyptian involved in plan to bomb U.S. embassies in Africa. Now
imprisoned in Egypt.

Status when charged: Naturalized U.S. citizen

Dealings with INS or other agencies: Studied medicine in USA on student visa in
1986. Married an American just after visa expired but divorced about a month
later. Second marriage to U.S. citizen called one of "convenience" by court
investigator. Became permanent resident after a third marriage to a U.S.
citizen.

Name: Ahmed Ressam

Terrorist plot: Algerian convicted in foiled "millennium" plan to bomb Los
Angeles International Airport around Jan. 1, 2000. Faces up to 130 years in
prison, but is trading intelligence for leniency. Scheduled to be sentenced in
2003.

Status when charged: Illegal alien

Dealings with INS or other agencies: Entered Canada in 1994 using fake French
passport. Applied for refugee status. Application was rejected, but he remained
in Canada because of a moratorium on deportations to Algeria. Left Canada in
1998 to train in Afghan terrorist camps, authorities say. Returned to Canada on
fake Canadian passport. Arrested at U.S. border in late 1999 with explosives in
his car's trunk.

Name: Zaccarias Moussaoui

Terrorist plot: French-Moroccan charged with taking part in al-Qaeda conspiracy
that carried out Sept. 11 attacks. Awaiting trial; charges carry death penalty.

Status when charged: Illegal alien; violated terms of student visa

Dealings with INS or other agencies: Given U.S. student visa in London in
February 2001 despite being on a French watch list of suspected Islamic
extremists.

Name: Mohamed Atta

Terrorist plot: Egyptian believed to have been leader of the 19 suicide
hijackers on Sept. 11.

Status when charged: Student visa application pending

Dealings with INS or other agencies: Given U.S. tourist visa in 1999 in Germany
even though he fit the profile of an "intending immigrant." That means, among
other things, that he was young, unmarried and appeared to have few ties to his
home country. Such visa-seekers are supposed to be viewed with suspicion.
Entered USA in June 2000 and enrolled in flight school despite not having a
student visa. Applied for a vocational student visa and then overstayed tourist
visa. Left USA Jan. 10, 2001; U.S. law says those who leave the country should
have their applications to change visa status voided. INS approved his student
visa request just before Sept. 11 but did not notify his flight school until six
months after the attacks.

Name: Khalid Al-Midhar

Terrorist plot: Saudi identified as Sept. 11 hijacker

Status when charged: Had business visa.

Dealings with INS or other agencies:Got "express" visa through travel agent
without having immigration interview. In January 2000, attended al-Qaeda
planning meeting in Malaysia for the attack on the USS Cole several months later
in Yemen. Entered USA shortly afterward. Identified as a potential terrorist as
early as January 2001 but was not put on CIA watch list until August 2001. FBI
unable to find him before Sept. 11.

Name: Nawaf Alhazmi

Terrorist plot: Saudi identified as Sept. 11 hijacker

Status when charged: Illegal alien

Dealings with INS or other agencies:Overstayed tourist visa issued in January
2000. Identified by CIA as possible terrorist in January 2001 and put on watch
list. FBI couldn't find him before Sept. 11.

Name: Hani Hanjour

Terrorist plot: Saudi identified as Sept. 11 hijacker

Status when charged: Illegal alien

Granted student visa in September 2000 to study at California language school.
Never attended classes and became an illegal alien.

Name: Ramzi Yousef

Terrorist plot: Pakistani serving life sentence for bombing World Trade Center
in 1993.

Status when charged: Asylum applicant

Dealings with INS or other agencies: Entered USA without a visa in 1992 and
applied for asylum. Released before asylum was granted because INS lacked
detention space.

Name: Mahmud Abouhalima

Terrorist plot: Egyptian linked to plot to Trade Center in 1993. Sentenced to
240 years in prison.

Status when charged: Legal permanent resident

Dealings with INS or other agencies: After tourist visa expired in 1986, he
worked illegally as a cabdriver. Granted permanent resident status in 1988 as
part of an amnesty program for illegal farm workers. There is no evidence he
worked in agriculture.

Sources: Center for Immigration Studies; USA TODAY research

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W, AP (5); Abdel-Rahman<>Mezer<>Khalil<>Hanjour<>Ressam

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             March 10, 2015 Tuesday

DuPage County in 60 seconds

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 435 words


Scholarships available:

Rotary Club of Lisle is taking applications for its 2015 scholarships. Four
$1,000 college scholarships will be awarded to high school seniors, residing in
Lisle, who exemplify the Rotary ideal of "Service Above Self." Interested
seniors may pick up applications in the guidance offices of Benet Academy,
Downers Grove North High School, Lisle Senior High School, Montini High School,
Naperville North High School, St. Francis High School, Wheaton Academy and
Wheaton Warrenville South High School. Completed forms should be sent to: Rotary
Club of Lisle Scholarship Committee, c/o Lisa Leone, Lisle Park District, 1925
Ohio St., Lisle, IL 60532 no later than March 31.

Garden plots available:

Fox Valley Park District is taking reservations for garden plots for the 2015
growing season. Two hundred and sixty plots are available on the west side of
Aurora at Jericho & Barnes Road. Make reservations at the Prisco Community
Center, 150 W. Illinois Ave., phone (630) 859-8606. Two hundred and fifty plots
are located on the east side of Aurora at Oakhurst Forest Preserve, 1680 Fifth
Ave. Make reservations at Eola Center, 555 S. Eola Road, phone (630) 851-8990.
The cost to rent a plot is $15 for Fox Valley Park District residents and $30
for nonresidents.

Top orator from Naperville:

Rowan Macwan, a home-schooled high school junior from Naperville, won the 1st
place honor and a $2,000 college tuition award at the state level of the
American Legion's National Oratorical Contest. The state contest included 19
contestants, and was held March 7 in the Peoria. Rowan will now represent
Illinois in the national contest involving contestants from all 50 states, which
will be held on April 10-12 in Indianapolis. Awards of about $130,000 are given
at the national contest. High school students interested in next year's contest
can obtain information on the following websites: naperlegion.org (oratorical
ink), illegion.org (scholarship link) and legion.org (programs link).

Police investigating death:

Hanover Park police are investigating the death of a 32-year-old man who
officers found unresponsive Monday morning, authorities said. Police were called
7 a.m. on a report of a man down near the 5700 block of Dutch Mill Court, a
residential area with apartments and condos southwest of Lake Street, according
to a department news release. Paramedics took the man to St. Alexius Medical
Center in Hoffman Estates, where he was pronounced dead at about 10:49 a.m.,
police said in the release. The Cook County medical examiner's office is
scheduled to conduct an autopsy today, police said.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                January 19, 1987

SECTION: NEW PRODUCTS; Systems & Peripherals; Printers/Plotters; Pg. 68

LENGTH: 118 words


Greyhawk Systems, Inc. has introduced three user options, Cadam Red Line, Plot
Utility and Plot Storage, said to make its Softplot 2122 paperless plotter
interactive.

The Red Line option is said to permit the user to make annotations and store
them within the data base.

The Plot Storage option is said to allow drawings to be stacked locally for
review. The Plot Utility option is said to allow images to be panned or zoomed.

The Cadam Red Line option costs $8,000. The Plot Utility package costs $1,850,
and the Plot Storage package option costs $3,200 for 2M bytes and $5,000 for 4M
bytes. The Softplot 2122 costs from $39,750.

Greyhawk Systems, 1557 Centre Pointe Drive, Milpitas, Calif. 95035.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1987 Computerworld, Inc.


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 24, 2015 Saturday

USPTO Published Patent application of Google Inc titled as "Small-Screen
Movie-Watching Using a Viewport"

LENGTH: 243  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150023650, published on January 22, 2015, by Google Inc, titled as
"Small-Screen Movie-Watching Using a Viewport" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Austin; Darren Mark; (San Jose, CA) ; Elmieh; Baback; (Palo Alto,
CA) ; Sweetland; Douglas Paul; (Los Angeles, CA) ; Collins; Brian M.; (South San
Francisco, CA) ; Oftedal; Mark Jason; (Naperville, IL) ; Pinkava; Jan J.;
(Portland, OR)
Assignee: Google Inc.
Mountain View
CA
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "This
document describes techniques and apparatuses for small-screen movie-watching
using a viewport. These techniques enable viewers to experience movies and other
media programs using a small screen as a viewport to the movie rather than
dramatically compressing or cropping the movie to fit the small screen. A viewer
may select whatever portion of the movie imagery he or she desires to experience
through the small screen at a size sufficient to perceive details of plot
elements and an environment in which the plot elements interact. Thus, the
viewer may follow plot elements central to the plot while also exploring the
environment that provides context for these plot elements."

The Patent was filed on July 18, 2014 under application No. 20150023650

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            February 10, 2006 Friday
                                 Metro Edition

Bush describes foiled plot in L.A.;
Terrorists planned to fly a jetliner into a skyscraper, he said, adding that
four nations helped the U.S. crack the case.

BYLINE: James Rosen, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 677 words

DATELINE: Washington, D.C.


President Bush outlined new details Thursday about an Al-Qaida plot to fly a
commercial jetliner into a Los Angeles skyscraper, saying it was disrupted in
2002 with the help of four other governments.

He described the "West Coast plot" to use shoe bombs to blow open a cockpit
door, hijack a plane and fly it into the US Bank Tower in Los Angeles' business
district - called the Library Tower until 2003.

The president did not say whether information about the plot was collected by
monitoring - without appropriate court warrants - some calls and e-mails to the
United States from terror suspects overseas.

The program has been questioned by both Democratic and Republican lawmakers.

"We cannot let the fact that America hasn't been attacked in four-and-a-half
years since September 11th, 2001, lull us into the illusion that the threats to
our nation have disappeared," Bush told National Guard soldiers in Washington.
"They have not."

The president had briefly mentioned the West Coast plot in October as one of 10
that had been thwarted since Sept. 11, but he provided much more information
Thursday.

Bush's aides said his speech was not timed to bolster public support for the
wiretapping of calls to and from the United States. He authorized the
eavesdropping soon after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, but it was disclosed in
mid-December.

Frances Townsend, Bush's national homeland security adviser, said that the
attack on the Library Tower was originally planned as part of a Sept. 11
bicoastal assault on the United States, but that Osama bin Laden modified the
plan to focus on New York and Washington.

"It's our understanding now that it was too difficult to get enough operatives
for both the East and West Coast plots at the same time," she said.

Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, a Kuwaiti of Pakistani descent who is believed to have
planned the Sept. 11 attacks, was also the mastermind of the Los Angeles plot,
according to Bush and Townsend. He was arrested in March 2003.

Mohammed, who had been the Al-Qaida operations commander, joined with another
terrorist named Hambali, head of an Al-Qaida affiliate in Southeast Asia called
Jemaah Islamiyah. They recruited four operatives to carry out the West Coast
attack, Bush and Townsend said.

The president said they purposely selected Asians because they would draw less
suspicion than people of Middle Eastern descent. The cell traveled to
Afghanistan in October 2001, met with Bin Laden, took a loyalty oath and
returned to Asia.

Countries not named

Mohammed trained the cell leader in shoe-bomb techniques, Townsend said. The
cell leader was arrested in February 2002, and the other cell members were later
detained as well.

Townsend declined to identify the four countries - two in South Asia, two in
Southeast Asia - that helped derail the plot, saying their government leaders
wanted to shield their nations' involvement. She also declined to say whether
wiretapping played a role in breaking up the plot.

The accounts demonstrated a victory by U.S. intelligence agencies, which endured
heavy criticism for failures to detect the Sept. 11 plot and for later
exaggerating the presence of lethal weapons in Iraq.

Yet Bruce Hoffman, a terrorism specialist who heads the Washington office of
RAND Corp., said Bush left questions unanswered about the Library Tower case.

"It doesn't really give us any more indication of whether this was a plot that
was derailed or pre-empted, or a plot that was more in the realm of an idle
daydream," Hoffman said.

Sen. John Rockefeller, W.-Va., the ranking Democrat on the intelligence
committee, mocked the plot. "Maybe they're tired of talking about [the] Brooklyn
Bridge and they're trying to find a different edifice of some sort," he said,
referring to another alleged plot that some have said was exaggerated.

But Townsend told reporters, "There is no question in my mind that this is a
disruption. It's not about credit, it's about protecting the American people."

James Rosen is a correspondent in the Star Tribune Washington Bureau. The
Washington Post contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             March 1, 2007 Thursday

This & that

BYLINE: Intelligencer Journal Staff

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 315  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Garden

PLOT YOUR SPRING: The Lancaster County Department of Parks and Recreation has
garden plots available for rent April 15 through Oct. 15. Renters can apply for
a plot today. Renters pay a one-time fee of $16 for a small plot and $20 for a
larger plot. The garden plots are located off Farm View Drive, just off Golf
Road in Lancaster County Central Park. Organic plots are also available. These
are plots that have been free of pesticides and herbicides for more than three
years. To register for a plot call 299-8215.

Health

SUP AND SMILE: Humor and positive emotions play an important part in a person's
healing. The Ephrata Cancer Center and the Wellness Center, both services of
Ephrata Community Hospital, are co-sponsoring a free presentation about humor
and its role in health on Thursday, March 22. This event, which includes a free
light supper, is open to the public but requires advance registration. Call
738-4070 for more information or to register.

Free

ON THE WRIST WITH A FIST: Get a free bracelet from the V Foundation for Cancer
Research and Siemens Medical at www.smed.com/cancerresearch/registration.asp,
while supplies last. Legendary basketball coach Jimmy Valvano died from cancer
in 1993. The fund raises monies for cancer research. The bracelets read, "Don't
ever give up."

Music

MUSIC MAKERS: Students who'd like to participate in the Pennsylvania Academy of
Music's annual summer music festival, Music Naturally, can register for
auditions by calling 399-2296 or going online to: www.paacademymusic.com to
download an application. Auditions will take place in April. There are openings
for pre-collegiate and college-age string, wind and piano students for the
two-week festival, which will take place June 17-30 at the Academy's Liberty
Place location. Tuition for the summer festival is set at $750 per student, with
scholarships available. Room and board is $450.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             July 5, 2007 Thursday

Provo Cemetery raises its prices

BYLINE: Tad Walch Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 338 words


PROVO -- The prices for burial plots in the Provo City Cemetery rose 25 percent
to 33 percent on Monday.

The cost of a cremation plot jumped 100 percent as fee increases approved by the
Provo City Council went into effect for the new fiscal year, which began Sunday.

Cemetery fees had not been adjusted since 1994, Provo Parks and Recreation
Director Roger Thomas said.

"Typically the cemetery will do an annual survey of other cemeteries in the
valley and around Salt Lake City to see if our fees are in line with other
cemeteries," Thomas said. "We've taken the position we don't want to have the
lowest or the highest fees. Our survey in June 2006 showed we no longer were
within that market range."

The fee increases are not high enough to cover the cemetery's costs.

"We're not fully self-supporting," Thomas said. "There is a subsidy. The
increase in the rates will help reduce that subsidy."

Residents will pay 25 percent to 29 percent more for a burial plot under the new
fee structure.

A plot with a flat grave marker costs Provo residents $700, up from $500. The
price of a plot with an upright headstone rose to $800 from $600.

Nonresidents will continue to pay more than residents for Provo plots. A plot
with a flat marker jumped to $900 from $600 for a non-resident and a space with
an upright marker rose to $1,000 from $700.

The biggest fee increases are for cremations.

A cremation plot costs $300, up from $150. The fee for opening and closing the
ground for a cremation plot jumped to $200 from $100 without a vault. With a
vault, the price rose to $250 from $100.

The fees also rose for baby plots, recording work, disinterments and other
services.

Costs for cemeteries had risen significantly since Provo's fees were last
adjusted in 1994, Thomas said.

Higher water, electricity and gas prices have affected the cemetery's operations
and budget.

The cemetery has four full-time employees, including the sexton, and one
part-time staffer. Four to 10 seasonal employees help maintain the park. E-mail:
twalch@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Rebutting C.I.A. Claims on Torture

BYLINE: By MATT APPUZO, HAEYOUN PARK and LARRY BUCHANAN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Foreign Desk; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 951 words


Below are examples of where the C.I.A. said that its use of harsh interrogation
tactics produced intelligence that thwarted terror plots and captured
terrorists, and how the Senate Intelligence Committee undercut those accounts.
In response, the C.I.A. said the committee unfairly dismissed the value of
intelligence gathered from detainees. MATT APUZZO, HAEYOUN PARK and LARRY
BUCHANAN

Thwarting of the Karachi Plots

THE CASE

President Bush credited the C.I.A. interrogation program with helping to prevent
an attack on the United States Consulate in Karachi, Pakistan. The tip can be
traced back to the interrogations of Ammar al-Baluchi and Khallad bin Attash,
who were subjected to harsh C.I.A. interrogations in May 2003. Intelligence
reports from those interrogations state that Al Qaeda was plotting attacks on
the consulate and other Western targets in Karachi.

COMMITTEE'S CONCLUSION

The committee said in a report released Tuesday that Mr. Baluchi and Mr. bin
Attash provided information weeks earlier to Pakistani officials, who then
relayed it to the C.I.A. When the intelligence report on the Karachi plot was
issued, C.I.A. officials in Pakistan issued a cable saying they had already
known. Weeks later, when Khalid Shaikh Mohammed -- after being waterboarded --
discussed the plot, it came as no surprise to the C.I.A., who again reported
that they already knew.

''CIA records indicate the CIA became aware of the initial plotting as early as
September 2002, and that it was disrupted in April 2003, when the remaining plot
leaders were arrested in a unilateral operation by Pakistani authorities.'' FROM
PAGE 239 OF THE REPORT

Thwarting of 'Second Wave' Plot and Discovery of Al Ghurabaa Group

THE CASE

In 2006, the White House announced that the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks had been
conceived as an attack on two fronts, with a ''second wave'' planned on the West
Coast. The plot, as described by Mr. Bush, involved crashing a plane into
Library Tower in Los Angeles. The C.I.A. credited the waterboarding of Mr.
Mohammed with uncovering this plot.

COMMITTEE'S CONCLUSION

The report revealed that the C.I.A. learned about the plot in January 2002 with
the arrest of Masran bin Arshad, a Malaysian who was involved. Mr. Mohammed
confirmed the existence of the plot after being tortured, to the frustration of
C.I.A. interrogators who said he was confirming only what they already knew.

''The Second Wave plotting was disrupted with the arrest and identification of
key individuals ... unrelated to any reporting acquired during or after the use
of the CIA's enhanced interrogation techniques against CIA detainees.'' FROM
PAGES 246-247 OF THE REPORT

Identification, Capture and Arrest of Iyman Faris

THE CASE

In 2003, the Justice Department charged an Ohio truck driver, Iyman Faris, in a
Qaeda plot to destroy the Brooklyn Bridge by cutting its suspension cables. In
government briefings, C.I.A. officials repeatedly credited the interrogation
program with uncovering the plot and identifying Mr. Faris.

COMMITTEE'S CONCLUSION

The report said that it was a court-approved wiretap of another American
suspect, Majid Khan, that prompted the F.B.I. investigation into Mr. Faris. Mr.
Khan's capture and interrogation by a foreign government -- without any harsh
tactics, according to C.I.A. documents -- led to the identification of Mr. Faris
as a Qaeda member. After being tortured, Mr. Mohammed (''KSM'') identified a
photo of Mr. Faris but could not remember his name. He said that he had once
tasked Mr. Faris with finding tools to loosen the bolts of American suspension
bridges, but that Mr. Faris had been unable to do so.

''Iyman Faris was identified, investigated, and linked directly to al-Qa'ida
prior to any mention of Iyman Faris by KSM or any other CIA detainee. When
approached by law enforcement, Iyman Faris voluntarily provided information and
made self-incriminating statements.'' FROM PAGE 276 OF THE REPORT

Thwarting of the Heathrow Airport and Canary Wharf Plot

THE CASE

After the Sept. 11 attacks, Mr. Mohammed hoped to use hijacked airplanes to
attack Heathrow Airport and Canary Wharf, a business district in London. The
C.I.A. credited its enhanced interrogation of him with uncovering the plot.

COMMITTEE'S CONCLUSION

The report said the C.I.A. knew that Al Qaeda had targeted Heathrow months
before Mr. Mohammed was waterboarded. The plot was labeled ''not imminent''
because Al Qaeda had not identified pilots. The plot was fully disrupted with
the capture of Ramzi bin al-Shibh, Mr. Mohammed and others.

''None of these individuals were captured as a result of reporting obtained
during or after the use of the CIA's enhanced interrogation techniques against
CIA detainees.'' FROM PAGE 295 OF THE REPORT

Capture of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed

THE CASE

Mr. Bush credited the interrogation of Abu Zubaydah and Mr. bin al-Shibh,
another senior Qaeda operative, with providing information that helped capture
Mr. Mohammed. The C.I.A. also credited its interrogation of Abu Zubaydah with
revealing Mr. Mohammed as the mastermind of the Sept. 11 attacks.

COMMITTEE'S CONCLUSION

C.I.A. documents show that Mr. Mohammed was a suspect in the Sept. 11 attacks
almost immediately. Also, in a section of the report that was heavily redacted
by the C.I.A., the committee showed that a source -- referred to as Asset X --
led the C.I.A. to Mr. Mohammed. The informant, seeking a $25 million reward, led
the agency to Mr. Mohammed.

''Contrary to CIA representations, there are no CIA records to support the
assertion that Abu Zubaydah, Ramzi bin al-Shibh, or any other CIA detainee
played any role in the 'the planning and execution of the operation that
captured Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.''' FROM PAGES 327 OF THE REPORT

URL:

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHICS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           October 1, 2008 Wednesday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

A slow takeoff for 'Eagle Eye'

BYLINE: By JOEY POLINO - NeXt Correspondent

SECTION: NEXT; Pg. N9

LENGTH: 505 words


For years, the idea of Big Brother has populated countless Hollywood thrillers
and best-selling novels. With the advance of technology in the recent decade,
the thrillers have grown more and more frequent.

"Eagle Eye" is such a thriller. Also popular in Hollywood of late is the "video
game plot" technique where more and more of the plot is revealed as the movie
goes on. "Eagle Eye's" usage of a plot like this may have been its downfall from
being an intriguing thriller to just another one of those political techno
thrillers that had potential.

"Eagle Eye" tells the story of two strangers, a slacker named Jerry (Shia
LaBeouf) and a single mom Rachel (Michelle Monaghan) who are brought together by
a mysterious woman who calls them both. This woman lures them into a game of
chase against time, taking them from Chicago to Indianapolis before arriving on
Capitol Hill. All the while, she keeps track of them through those fun security
cameras that hang off buildings and light posts.

"Eagle Eye" is not a bad movie -- or at least the second half isn't. The film
starts out really slowly plot-wise (there's an action sequence at least every
five minutes or so) -- and the first hour really drags. "Eagle Eye" suffers from
its plot unfolding over time. The fact that the plot is not made known to the
viewer gets irritating as you watch LaBeouf and Monaghan run around for either
no apparent reason, or just a confusing one. It isn't until Jerry and Rachel
leave the Midwest for Washington, D.C., that the plot begins to make a lick of
sense and suddenly this film becomes a good political technology thriller.

Another slight problem is that it takes a while to get used to seeing Shia
LaBeouf in a role other than as a teenage smart mouth or sidekick. He isn't bad
in the role, but it's just so different from any of the mainstream films he's
appeared in in the past that it takes a while to get used to.

One of the strong points of "Eagle Eye" is its successful selling of the idea of
Big Brother and how this woman is able to keep track of them. Throughout the
film, the movie cuts to what is supposed to be surveillance from the security
cameras around them. Watching the movie, you really have to wonder if any of
this is possible and I'm sure that's exactly what the filmmakers had in mind.

The best thing about the movie is its political plot that is revealed in the
second half. It feels more like a David Baldacci novel once we cross the hour
mark and the movie really shines after that point.

"Eagle Eye" is rated PG-13 for intense sequences of action and violence, and
language. The violence is typical for an action film like this, usually only
coming in the form of car/foot chases. There is one strong act of violence near
the end of the film that may turn parents off from having children watch it, but
beyond that the violence is not anything to worry about. The language includes
harsh words in one particular incident.

Joey Polino is a junior at Canisius.

***

EAGLE EYE

2 1/2 stars (Out of four)

PG-13

Starring Shia LaBeouf

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Movie Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Guardian (London) - Final Edition

                                October 8, 2005

New York on high alert as foiled plots revealed: White House claims UK was among
targets: Massive subway swoop intensifies US jitters

BYLINE: Jamie Wilson, Washington and Richard Norton-Taylor

SECTION: Guardian International Pages, Pg. 15

LENGTH: 659 words


Commuters in New York were greeted yesterday by security staff wearing chemical
hazard suits descending on Penn station as the city's entire subway system was
put on heightened alert after authorities warned of a specific terrorist threat.

The alert at Penn station, triggered after a "soupy green substance" was found
in a Pepsi bottle, turned out to be a false alarm. But it added to jitters
across the United States as details emerged about claims made by George Bush
that 10 major al-Qaida attacks - including three on American soil - had been
thwarted since September 11 2001. A wide variety of targets was cited, including
a plan to fly hijacked aircraft into the Library Tower, the tallest building in
Los Angeles, and three sites in the UK.

Despite the department of homeland security describing the threat to New York as
"specific yet non-credible", city authorities appeared to take the warning
seriously, with thousands of uniformed and undercover officers searching subway
passengers' bags and maintaining a high profile.

New York was put on alert on Thursday night after an FBI source warned of a plot
to bomb the subway within days. The mayor, Michael Bloomberg, called it the most
specific terrorist threat yet received. "We have done and will continue to do
everything we can to protect this city," he said at a nationally televised news
conference. "We will spare no resource, we will spare no expense."

The threat is thought to relate to intelligence gathered after a military
operation in Iraq. According to the New York Times, information came to light
that three men arrested in Iraq were due to meet agents in New York who planned
to use strollers, briefcases and backpacks to hide bombs. The story was given
some credence yesterday after it emerged that a television station held off
reporting the threat for two days at the request of officials in New York and
Washington. Dan Forman, vice-president of news at WNBC, said the officials
stressed that they would not normally ask for a story to be held but people
overseas could be in danger if it was aired.

The New York alert followed Mr Bush's downbeat speech on Thursday about progress
of the war on terror, in which he cited 10 al-Qaida plots foiled. The White
House rushed out brief details after being deluged with inquiries from
reporters.

It is the first time the administration has placed a specific number on foiled
attacks, but Peter Bergen, the author of Holy War Inc, said:"I would have said
we knew about 95% of them in one form or another."

In Britain, anti-terrorist officials were unclear about which plots the White
House was referring to.

guardian.co.uk/terrorism >

The plots

West coast airliner Mid-2002: plot to attack targets on US west coast, including
Library Tower, tallest building in Los Angeles, using hijacked planes. Plotters
believed to have included Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, suspected mastermind of
September 11 attacks.

Mid-2003 Plot to attack targets on US east coast using hijacked planes.

May 2002 Plot to blow up apartment buildings in US. Alleged plotter Jose Padilla
also reportedly discussed possibility of using a "dirty bomb".

UK urban targets Mid-2004: US and partners disrupted plot to use explosives on
UK urban targets.

2003 Karachi US and partner disrupted plot to attack westerners at targets in
Karachi.

Heathrow airport 2003: US and partners disrupted plot to attack Heathrow using
hijacked airliners.

The 2004 UK plot Spring 2004: Law enforcement and intelligence resources
disrupted a plot to conduct large-scale bombings in the UK.

Gulf shipping plot Late 2002 and 2003: Plot by al-Qaida to attack ships in the
Gulf.

2002 Straits of Hormuz plot In 2003 FBI claimed a Guantanamo Bay prisoner gave
information that led to thwarting of plot against oil tanker.

2003 tourist site plot The US and a partner disrupted a plot to attack a tourist
site outside the US.


LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2005 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                   PLOT GROUP


                                     Dubai
                               UnitedArabEmirates

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.plotgroup.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Plot Group comprises of the following companies namely; Plot Commodities
DMCC, registered with the Dubai Metal and Commodities Centre in Dubai, UAE. Plot
Enterprise in Abidjan, Cote D'Ivoire; Plot Enterprise (Gh) Ltd, in Ghana.  Plot
Commodities DMCC trades in commodities that are mainly agricultural products
principally in cotton and cocoa. and is egistered with the Cocoa Merchants
Association Of America. Plot Enterprises started as a trading company by
exporting processed foods and other products from West Africa to the United
States of America and Europe. Plot Enterprise has been exporting Teak to India
since the beginning of 1999.  The company is registered as Wood and Wood
Products exporter with the Ministry of Forestry and Environment in Cote
d'Ivoire. Plot Enterprise is also registered as Wood Buyer and Exporter with
theTimber Export Development Board in Ghana. Plot Enterprise also exports other
wood products to Europe and to Asia.  Plot Enterprise (Gh) Ltd is registered in
Ghana to undertake cocoa processing. The company is putting up a project in the
high cocoa producing area of western Ghana to process cocoa beans into cocoa
butter and cocoa powder, and thus adding value. Our vision is to be an industry
leader in the cocoa processing and exportation sector and to be recognised for
our distinctively high quality products.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            December 13, 2009 Sunday

agriculture briefs

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 422 words


Hybrid-plot results available in Illinois ELIZABETH, Ill. - Detailed results are
now available at the Mount Carroll and Elizabeth Extension offices for the nine
Jo-Carroll Extension Unit soybean variety and corn hybrid plots harvested for
2009. Carroll County plots include two reduced tillage corn plots hosted by Sam
Dykstra, of Mount Carroll, where 35 corn-on-soybean entries averaged 209 bushels
per acre and 40 corn-on-corn entries averaged 208 bushels; a no-till
corn-on-soybean plot hosted by Phil Michael, of Lanark, where 30 entries
averaged 209 bushels; a reduced tillage soybean plot at Dykstra's where 31
entries averaged 51 bushels; and a no-till soybean plot at Michael's where 33
entries averaged 64 bushels. Jo Daviess County plots included a no-till soybean
plot hosted by Kyle Embry, of Hanover, where 30 entries averaged 54 bushels and
a no-till corn plot that has yet to be harvested.

Two reduced tillage corn plots hosted by Wayne Simmons, of Stockton, were not
harvested for yield results due to hail damage Plot sponsors included 20
participating seed companies and the University of Illinois Extension. For each
no-till plot, additional assistance and sponsorship included the Carroll County
Soil and Water Conservation District and the Jo Daviess County Soil and Water
Conservation District in their respective counties. Plot results booklets can be
picked up at your local extension office or are available by e-mail by
contacting Mark Maidak, Jo-Carroll Unit director, at mmaidak@uiuc.edu
Conservation Reserve Program an option? MAQUOKETA, Iowa - Wet weather and
flooding present many challenges to landowners and operators that farm Jackson
County's bottomlands. Some landowners who are tired of floods destroying their
crops have found that the Conservation Reserve Program is an attractive solution
to the fight against wet weather and flooding. The Conservation Reserve Program
offers a few practices that bring wet areas out of crop production and into
perennial vegetation that provides wildlife habitat and improves soil and water
quality. For more information, contact the Jackson County NRCS office at
563-652-2337 or stop by the office at 6031/2 E. Platt St., Maquoketa. Class III
milk price up since previous month The new Class III milk price from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture is $14.08 per hundredweight - $1.26 higher than the
previous month, but $1.43 below a year ago. The 2009 average is now $11.03 per
hundredweight, which is $6.60 below the average of one year ago. Telegraph
Herald

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                             July 28, 2006, Friday

Don't take my aspiration away

BYLINE: Ruth Walker

SECTION: THE HOME FORUM; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 647 words


Have you noticed? There's a new front in the global war on terror: "aspirational
terrorism." The FBI announced earlier this month that it had disrupted an Al
Qaeda plot to attack transportation tunnels between New York City and New
Jersey. The Associated Press reported: "One US official called the plot 'largely
aspirational' and described the Internet conversations as mostly extremists
discussing and conceptualizing the plot. The official said no money had been
transferred, nor had other similar operational steps been taken."

The official's sound bite represented an echo of a phrase from some weeks
before, when officials announced the disruption of a plot to attack the Sears
Tower in Chicago.

At that point, John Pistole, deputy director of the FBI, described the state of
that plot as more "aspirational than operational." Pistole's words made for a
good quote - its almost-rhyme made it catchy, but not as kitschy as an exact
rhyme could so easily be.

"Aspire," as a verb, is rooted in the notion of "breathing on" some goal or
other - panting for it, we might say colloquially.

That "spir" element is familiar from "inspiration" and its verb form, "inspire."
This is used transitively to refer to some metaphorical breathing life into
someone - a general inspiring his troops, for instance. (On your camping trip
this summer, think of yourself as striving to "inspire" your air mattress.)

One aspires to something (greatness, perhaps) or to do something: "He aspires to
finish the marathon in less than three hours."

"Aspiration," the noun, is the goal one is, etymologically at least, breathing
on: "His aspiration is to finish the marathon in less than three hours."

So far, so good.

"Aspirational," the adjective, seems a little trickier. The Oxford English
Dictionary provides only a rather minimalist definition: "Belonging to or
characterized by aspiration." Among the usage examples it cites is one from
1967, "Everybody banging away at that final aspirational aria." Meaning what?
The aria the audience knows will end the whole production so everyone can go
home?

Encarta is a little more useful here, offering as a definition, "ambitious,
showing a desire or ambition to achieve something, especially self-improvement
or material success," as in "the aspirational working class."

The world of marketing has given us the terms "aspirational age" and
"aspirational brand."

An aspirational age is one whose characteristics customers strive to embody, and
in the West that age is thought to be 16 or 17. The idea is that marketers can
pitch to this age and reach not only those who are at that age but those who
haven't noticed that they are past it.

An aspirational brand is one sought after but not available to the masses for
reasons of price and/or production capacity. More broadly, "aspirational," is
being used on both sides of the Atlantic (though more so in Britain, it appears)
to suggest both an ambition and the fact of its being unrealized.

It's being discovered as a way of acknowledging that the glass is half empty
while pointing out that it also is half full. To say that a goal "remains
aspirational" is a positive-sounding way of saying you haven't reached it but
haven't given up on it either.

And no wonder it's catching on. After all, "aspirational" is a
dignified-sounding five-syllable word, which, if you're a government official
trying to buy yourself time to think on your feet under hot TV lights, must seem
like a godsend. If I were, say, an FBI spokeswoman trying to talk about alleged
plotters under arrest who may not be the real deal, I'd rather be able to call
them aspirational terrorists than have to call them wannabes. Wouldn't you?

Now excuse me while I go reconnect with my aspirational inner 16-year-old.

* This weekly column appears with links at
http://weblogs.csmonitor.com/verbal_energy.

(c) Copyright 2006. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                              July 10, 2006 Monday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Terror's Tunnel Vision

SECTION: ISSUES & INSIGHTS; EDITORIALS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 513 words


War: As New Yorkers pine for a Mets pennant, Islamic terrorists have been
dreaming up new ways to kill them -- this time by blowing up the PATH train
tunnel. Wake up, everybody, the enemy's not taking vacations.

The FBI luckily disrupted the plot to attack the main road between Manhattan and
New Jersey that runs under the Hudson River. The terrorists' goal was to pack
the tunnel with a huge amount of explosives and flood the financial district in
much the same way Hurricane Katrina engulfed New Orleans.

A suspected al-Qaida operative involved in the plot is in custody in Beirut, and
authorities are looking to arrest several co-conspirators. It's not clear
whether any are being sought inside the U.S.

But several al-Qaida members who cased the New York subway three years ago as
part of a plot to poison passengers with cyanide gas reportedly may still be
here. That plot allegedly was called off at the last minute by al-Qaida
leadership. Another plot to cut the Brooklyn Bridge's support cables was
disrupted by police.

New York's infrastructure clearly remains a prime target of al-Qaida. The latest
threat to tunnels only reinforces criticism of federal plans to slash New York's
counterterrorism grant by 40%. Homeland Security's decision to redirect $83
million in the city's funds to small towns now appears completely misguided.

The tunnel plot also serves to remind us that Islamo-fascists are hell-bent on
killing us no matter what. They spend practically all their waking hours
scheming of new ways to destroy infidels, whether by fuel-laden planes or lethal
gases or mass flooding. When they're not scheming, they're praying to Allah for
succor. Every American needs to wake up to this.

Those still skeptical of the magnitude of the threat from Islamic radicals might
want to invest a few bucks and 98 minutes of their time to see a new documentary
film called "Islam: What the West Needs to Know." It is an eye-opening
examination of Islam, violence and the fate of the non-Muslim world.

"An examination of Islam's doctrines is necessary in order to understand the
motivations of its faithful today and the present violent conflicts around the
globe," says a promo for the film, which destroys the politically accepted
notion that Islam is a religion of peace. "The Muslim world today is exceptional
for being responsible for the vast majority of conflicts around the world and
for almost all of international terrorism."

The film features interviews with noted experts on Islam who explain how the
Quran prescribes violence against non-Muslims and assures salvation only to
Muslims who perish in violent death while fighting jihad against infidels.

Its sobering conclusion is that jihad is nothing less than organized warfare
against unbelievers. And the battleground is not limited to Baghdad or Kandahar
or Gaza. It extends to London and Toronto and New York and Miami, and possibly
your city.

Radical Islam has already declared war on us, leaving us little choice in the
matter. We're at war with it whether we like it or not. How many more reminders
will we need?


LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             July 7, 2007 Saturday

Burial near Wrights offered;
eBay ad says two plots at Woodland Cemetery can be yours for $10,000.

BYLINE: By John Nolan Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 346 words


DAYTON - A solicitation on eBay's Web site offers to sell two burial plots,
purportedly located in Woodland Cemetery within 15 feet of the graves of
aviation pioneers Orville and Wilbur Wright, for a price of at least $10,000.

No bids had been received by Friday, according to the eBay site.

Dave FitzSimmons , president and chief executive officer of Woodland Cemetery,
said he had no knowledge of the eBay solicitation and did not know whether it is
valid.

FitzSimmons said he did not know which burial plots the ad would be referring to
or who the owner would be. Plots in that part of the cemetery have long since
been sold, but some of the plots remain vacant, he said.

Even if the offer is valid and a sale agreement is reached, any transfer of
burial plots does not become final unless it receives the cemetery's approval,
he said.

The $10,000 "starting bid" would be approximately twice the retail price of two
burial plots in the area of the Wright brothers' graves, FitzSimmons said.

The eBay pitch identified the seller as "mortician1000," who wrote that the
plots are within 15 feet of the Wright brothers' graves.

The seller provided this description: "This is a unique opportunity for an avid
fan of aviation and its history. I am a funeral director from northern Indiana
selling these on behalf of a wonderful family I served, and will be happy to
answer any questions or concerns regarding the location and availability of the
graves and the overall validity of this sale."

The seller didn't respond to questions e-mailed by a reporter on Friday.

FitzSimmons said he e-mailed the seller on Thursday to point out that cemetery
approval is required for any transfer of burial plots. He said he had not
received a response.

Stephen Wright of Oakwood, great-grandnephew of the Wright brothers, said he did
not know about the eBay solicitation or its appeals to aviation enthusiasts.

"I guess Uncle Will and Uncle Orv are still draws, even in death," he said.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2242 or jnolan@DaytonDailyNews.com

? Comment on this story

online DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            February 21, 2011 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

These movies make short work of love, war, nature

BYLINE: Claudia Puig

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 1271 words


This year's Oscar-nominated short films have an eco-friendly theme, from the
animated to the documentary. Among the live-action nominees, childhood
experiences and the vagaries of love are big themes. USA TODAY's Claudia Puig
assesses the films, which are showing in select cities. To see clips and cast
your own vote, go to shortshd.com/theoscarshorts.

Out of ****

Short films (animated)

Day & Night ***

6 minutes

Country of origin: USA

Director: Teddy Newton

Plot: Sunny Day and the decidedly darker Night are put off by each other. In
their vaguely ghostly forms, they get off on the wrong foot. But eventually they
learn from each other's perspective and become friends.

You may already have. It was released along with Toy Story 3. It's a light,
breezy tale, not the best of Pixar shorts, but that's a tall order.

The Gruffalo***

27 minutes

Country of origin: U.K.

Directors: Jakob Schuh and Max Lang

Plot: Based on the children's book by Julia Donaldson, this is a fairy tale
about a clever mouse walking through the woods in search of a nut. He faces
predators and invents an imaginary tusked beast who is not what he seems.

It's fun to hear the voices of such impressive actors as Helena Bonham Carter,
Robbie Coltrane, Tom Wilkinson and John Hurt. And the visuals are striking and
do look like a storybook come to life, but the story seems familiar and a bit
banal.

Let's Pollute ***

6 minutes

Country of origin: USA

Director: Geefwee Boedoe

Plot: A biting satire on how pollution keeps our country going, encouraging the
public to continue blighting the environment. It's a gleeful but potent
indictment on our wasteful culture.

Enjoyable dark comedy, but the satire makes its point quickly, then feels
stretched a bit thin.

The Lost Thing ****

15 minutes

Country of origin: Australia/U.K.

Directors: Andrew Ruhemann and Shaun Tan

Plot: While collecting bottle tops on the beach, a bespectacled boy stumbles on
a bizarre creature/machine. He empathizes with the creature, senses that it's
lost and tries to find where it belongs. Everyone else is oblivious or uncaring.

The best of the animated lot. The story about being an outsider is imaginative,
poignant and rich with dazzling, original visuals. It's an elegy to the loss of
individuality.

Madagascar, Carnet de Voyage ****

11 minutes

Country of origin: France

Director: Bastien Dubois

Plot: Structured as entries in a travel journal of a European who goes to
Madagascar and is fascinating by the local culture and topography. Sketches come
to life, and our armchair travels are led by a ring-tailed lemur, native only to
Madagascar.

Worth catching. A wonderful escape, guaranteed to make you want to make the long
trip to this gorgeous African country.

Short films (live action)

The Confession ***

26 minutes

Country of origin: U.K.

Director: Tanel Toom

Plot: Two Catholic schoolboys are preparing to make their first Confession but
don't have much on their consciences. They undertake a seemingly innocent prank
intended to remedy the situation. Of course, it goes horribly awry.

It's an absorbing tale of responsibility and remorse and also features a
particularly creepy scarecrow figure.

The Crush ***1/2

15 minutes

Country of origin: Ireland

Director: Michael Creagh

Plot: An 8-year-old schoolboy is besotted by his teacher. When he learns she's
engaged, he challenges her fiance to a duel. It sounds mild and sweet, but the
boy's father is an armed guard, so it's a darker tale than its title implies.

This compelling story offers more surprises and intriguing scenarios in a
quarter-hour than most films do in two.

God of Love ****

18 minutes

Country of origin: USA

Director: Luke Matheny

Plot: Writer/director Matheny also stars in this clever reworking of Cupid as a
nerdy lounge singer. He's in love with a cute musician and receives a mysterious
package delivered from Mount Olympus -- specially designed darts that make
someone fall in love with you.

The best of the bunch. Matheny is a talent to watch. A singular presence, he has
a uniquely offbeat look and an appealing blend of dry wit and earnestness. This
film was his thesis project at NYU Film School.

Na Wewe ***

19 minutes

Country of origin: Belgium/ Burundi

Director: Ivan Goldschmid

Plot: This tense film is set in Burundi in 1994 in the midst of the ethnic
strife of the Hutu vs. Tutsi civil war. A minivan is stopped at a Hutu
roadblock, and the threat of execution hangs over each person. Some are forced
to deny their heritage in fighting for their lives.

This powerful short thriller, based on real incidents, recalls Hotel Rwanda.
It's more involving in less than 20 minutes than a lot of star-vehicle action
thrillers.

Wish 143 ***1/2

24 minutes

Country of origin: U.K.

Director: Ian Barnes

Plot: A terminally ill teenager has an unusual wish that the Dreamscape
Foundation cannot grant him. He doesn't want to go to an amusement park or meet
a rock star. His most fervent wish is not to die a virgin.

This is a sweetly melancholy tale with winsome performances. The turns the film
takes deftly avoid predictability and sentimentality.

Short films (documentary)

Killing in the Name****

39 minutes

Country of origin: USA/Jordan/Indonesia

Director: Jed Rothstein

Plot: His wedding turned tragic when a suicide bomber killed his father and 26
other family members, so Ashraf Al-Khaled of Jordan has made it his life's
mission to speak out against terrorism. His odyssey is juxtaposed with the
violent plans of an al-Qaeda militant.

Worth catching. One of the most eye-opening films ever made about the fallout
from a suicide bomb attack and about terrorism in general. Ashraf's tireless
efforts to spread a peaceful message are deeply moving.

Poster Girl ***

38 minutes

Country of origin: USA  Director: Sara Nesson Plot: The film documents the
emotional fallout from the military tour of duty of Sgt. Robynn Murray, a former
cheerleader turned tough machine gunner. She enlisted in 2003 at 19 and says,
looking back, "I had no idea what I was really getting into."

At times, this film feels almost exploitative, particularly when Robynn
struggles painfully with emotional instability and depression. The toll that war
takes on our youngest and bravest Americans is presented compellingly.

Strangers No More ***1/2

40 minutes

Country of origin: USA

Directors: Karen Goodman and Kirk Simon

Plot: A powerful account of a school in Tel Aviv where displaced and suffering
children are welcomed. Many have suffered through poverty, political turmoil,
even genocide. But in the nurturing atmosphere of Bialik-Rogozin, they begin to
find their potential.

This deeply moving portrait of youthful resilience and adult humanitarianism
can't help but inspire audiences. And the yearning faces and grateful reactions
of the children will warm the hardest hearts.

Sun Come Up ***1/2

38 minutes

Country of origin: USA/Papua New Guinea

Director: Jennifer Redfearn

Plot: The film traces a tribe of South Pacific islanders who must leave their
homeland because climate change is causing the gradual sinking of their
ancestral home. A contingent of young islanders sets out in search of a
community that will take them in.

A stirring portrait of determination and a fascinating approach to humanizing
the repercussions of climate change.

The Warriors of Qiugang ***

39 minutes

Country of origin: USA

Director: Ruby Yang

Plot: Cancer and death are rampant in this village in central China in the wake
of chemical companies that located plants in the area. The water and air are
being poisoned, and the residents decide to fight. The film follows their brave
efforts over the course of three years.

An inspiring account of the power of patient protest and also a cautionary tale
of corporate greed.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W (15)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               February 26, 1993

BUSINESS CULTURE BROUGHT TO BROOKS;
As undergraduates are pushed towards business courses rather than the liberal
arts. Douglas Coupland suggests a new approach for literature

BYLINE: DOUGLAS COUPLAND

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN FEATURES PAGE; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 705 words


LITERARY WORK

Heart Of Darkness

Joseph Conrad

PLOT

Civilised and primitive cultures

clash on primitive culture's turf.

Primitive culture wins.

BUSINESS LESSON & AUTHOR

Younger, hungrier, less-calcified

staff may resort to unusual self-

advancement techniques.

LITERARY WORK

Madame Bovary

Gustave Flaubert

PLOT

Bored wife Emma empties the family

coffers to fund trips to Rouen

for romantic dalliances.

BUSINESS LESSON & AUTHOR

Business travel by employees is

necessary but requires judicious

monitoring.

LITERARY WORK AND AUTHOR

The Grapes Of Wrath

John Steinbeck

PLOT

Displaced Oklahoma dirt farmers

enter the non-lucrative mid-1930s

California citrus industry.

BUSINESS LESSON

Hungry workers are unstable

workers. Is your employee cafete-

ria up to scratch?

LITERARY WORK AND AUTHOR

Lord Of The Flies

William Golding

PLOT

In the absence of order, the major-

ity of schoolboys stranded on an

island revert to animal behaviour.

BUSINESS LESSON

Keep employees busy at all times.

LITERARY WORK AND AUTHOR

Vanity Fair

William Thackeray

PLOT

Class and money roller-coastering

in early nineteenth-century Lon-

don. Many characters marry for-

security.

BUSINESS LESSON

Cause for reflection on the mini-

mum-wage issue. Guaranteed in-

comes can prevent countless flawed

life and career decisions.

LITERARY WORK AND AUTHOR

Wuthering Heights

Emily Bronte

PLOT

Heathcliff, angered by certain

events, exacts revenge from ten-

ants, friends, and relatives via

cruelty and mind games. Becomes a

ghost in the end.

BUSINESS LESSON

If you have a complaint with a staff

member, healthy discussion rather

than scheming is the way to pro-

mote positive change.

LITERARY WORK AND AUTHOR

Sons And Lovers

D.H. Lawrence

PLOT

A mother's ambitions for her two

sons warps their development.

First son dies; second messed up.

BUSINESS LESSON

Don't overburden employees with

unrealistic goals.

LITERARY WORK AND AUTHOR

Pygmalion

George Bernard Shaw

PLOT

Professor Higgins alters the ward-

robe and social skills of Cockney

flower merchandiser Eliza Doolit-

tle, ensuring her social success

BUSINESS LESSON

A skilled image consultant is a

crucial link to the career chain of

any ambitious executive.

LITERARY WORK AND AUTHOR

The Sun Also Rises

Ernest Hemingway

PLOT

The complicated love lives of Amer-

ican expatriates in 1920s Paris;

many lovely travelogue descrip-

tions of Spain.

BUSINESS LESSON

Trips abroad make ideal employee

bonus incentives. Is your company

hooked up with a frequent flyer

programme?

LITERARY WORK AND AUTHOR

Steppenwolf

Hermann Hesse

PLOT

Hary Haller's notebook showcases

the schism between bourgeois and

rebellious tastes. Much talk of

music.

BUSINESS LESSON

Gentle tunes in the workplace can

ease job dissatisfaction and increase

productivity.

LITERARY WORK AND AUTHOR

One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest

Ken Kesey

PLOT

Metaphorical battle between Big

Nurse (Authority) and an asylum

inmate (the individual). Authority

wins.

BUSINESS LESSON

Employee sedation: scourge or

bonanza?

LITERARY WORK AND AUTHOR

I Robot

Isaac Asimov

PLOT

Often whimsical speculation on the

role robots can play in our physical

and emotional lives.

BUSINESS LESSON

Machines are only as good as the

stupidest person who works with

them.

LITERARY WORK AND AUTHOR

Who's Afraid Of

Virginia Woolf?

Edward Albee

PLOT

An extended air-clearing between

spouses George and Martha reveals

the sham and drudgery of their

lives.

BUSINESS LESSON

As a manager, it is your role to

temper inter-employee squabbles

judiciously.

LITERARY WORK AND AUTHOR

Surfacing

Margaret Atwood

PLOT

Metaphor-rich exploration of fe-

male and Canadian national auton-

omy and identity.

BUSINESS LESSON

Free trade may bring your firm un-

expected bonuses.

All rights reserved

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            October 8, 2005 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Bush hails 10 al-Qaeda failures;
Enemy is wounded, says President

BYLINE: MICHAEL GAWENDA, WASHINGTON With WASHINGTON POST

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 928 words


THE United States and its allies have thwarted 10 serious attacks by al-Qaeda,
including three inside the US, since the September 11 onslaught, according to
President George Bush.

Mr Bush said five other attempts by al-Qaeda to identify targets in the US or
"infiltrate operatives into the country" had also been thwarted.

"Because of this steady progress the enemy is wounded," he said.

"But the enemy is still capable of global operations."

Although most of the plots were previously reported in some form, a few were
revealed for the first time in Mr Bush's Thursday speech to the Washington-based
National Endowment for Democracy.

The White House offered scant information beyond the location and general date
of each reported plot - making it difficult to know how serious or advanced they
were, or what role the US Government played in preventing them.

The three plots targeting US territory included the case of Jose Padilla,
arrested after allegedly exploring the possibility of a "dirty bomb" attack, and
plans to use hijacked planes to attack the west coast in mid-2002 and the east
coast a year later.

Two sources familiar with intelligence information said the west coast plot
targeted the Library Tower, the tallest building in Los Angeles, and involved
Malaysian militants and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the alleged mastermind of the
September 11 attacks, captured in 2003.

The seven foreign plots included plans to strike London's Heathrow Airport, to
hit ships in the Persian Gulf region, to attack Westerners in Pakistan and to
set off multi-target explosions in Britain.

Mr Bush's speech was the most detailed he has given on the war on terror since
his re-election last November.

He focused on organisations that want to establish a "radical Islamic empire"
across the globe, referring by name - which he rarely does - to Osama bin Laden.

He also quoted the Iraq-based terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, who called
Americans "the most cowardly of God's creatures", and offered a direct rebuttal.

"Let's be clear," he said. "It is cowardice that seeks to kill children and the
elderly with car bombs and cuts the throat of a bound captive and targets
worshippers leaving a mosque."

Mr Bush referred to the recent attacks in London and Bali, and said that while
the bombings seemed random, "they serve a clear ideology, a set of beliefs that
are evil but not insane".

He conceded that al-Qaeda had evolved into a much looser network of terror
groups, which often acted autonomously but were united in their ambition to
overthrow moderate governments and establish a radical Islamic empire from Spain
to Indonesia.

Iraq, Mr Bush said, was now the main front in the war on terror, and the US
would not pull out. "Having removed a dictator and aided free peoples, we will
not stand by as a new set of killers, dedicated to the destruction of our own
country, seizes control of Iraq by violence," he said.

It was the most uncompromising statement on Iraq that Mr Bush has made for some
time, virtually committing American forces to the country until there was a
"complete victory".

He rejected the idea that extremism had been strengthened by the Iraq war,
taking issue with analysts who believe that the country has become a "melting
pot for jihadists from around the world", as the State Department's annual
report on terrorism put it this year. Leading Democrats said the speech had not
faced the most pressing issue facing the Bush Administration: a way out of Iraq
for US forces.

House minority leader Nancy Pelosi said Mr Bush was wrong to suggest Iraq was
the central front in the war on terror.

"The Administration has totally mismanaged the war in Iraq, and the President
has still not put forth a strategy for success there," she said. -- With
WASHINGTON POST

THE FOILED PLOTS

THE 10 al-Qaeda plots disrupted since the September 11 attacks, according to the
White House, were:

· WEST COAST AIRLINER In mid-2002, the US disrupted a plot to attack targets on
the west coast, including the Library Tower, the tallest building in Los
Angeles, using hijacked airliners. "The plotters included at least one major
operational planner involved in planning the events of 9/11."

· EAST COAST AIRLINER In mid-2003, the US and another country disrupted a plot
to attack targets on the east coast using hijacked commercial planes.

· JOSE PADILLA In May 2002, a plot that involved blowing up apartment buildings
in the United States was disrupted. One plotter, Padilla, also discussed the
possibility of using a "dirty bomb" in the United States.

· BRITISH URBAN TARGETS In mid-2004, the US and "another country" disrupted a
plot that involved urban targets in Britain and using explosives against a
variety of sites.

· KARACHI In the spring of 2003, the US and "another country" disrupted a plot
to attack Westerners at several targets in Karachi, Pakistan.

· HEATHROW AIRPORT In 2003, the US and "several partners" disrupted a plot to
attack London's Heathrow Airport using hijacked commercial airliners. The
planner for the attack was by a "major 9/11 operational figure".

· BRITAIN In the spring of 2004, the US and "partners" disrupted a plot to
conduct large-scale bombings in Britain.

· ARABIAN GULF SHIPPING In late 2002 and 2003, the US and "a partner nation"
disrupted a plot by al-Qaeda operatives to attack ships in the Arabian Gulf.

· STRAITS OF HORMUZ In 2002, the US "and partners" disrupted a plot to attack
ships in the Straits of Hormuz at the mouth of the Persian Gulf.

· TOURIST SITE In 2003, the US and "another country" disrupted a plot to attack
a tourist site outside the US.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FOUR PHOTOS: On guard: police on alert at the entrance to New York's
Grand Central Station after warning of an attack on the city's subway system.
Picture: AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 8, 2005 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Antiterrorism Officials Reveal New Details of 2002 Terror Plot

BYLINE: By DAVID E. SANGER

SECTION: Section A; Column 4; National Desk; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 440 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 7


Government counterterrorism officials gave new details on Friday of what the
White House said was a foiled 2002 plot to fly hijacked airplanes into targets
on the West Coast, but their account suggested that the Bush administration
might not have understood the dimensions of the plot until two major terror
suspects were caught in 2003.

Both suspects, Khalid Shaikh Mohammed and Riduan Isamuddin, better known as
Hambali, had been involved in plans for such an attack, they said.

President Bush referred obliquely to the planning in a speech on Thursday, when
he said the United States and its partners had stopped three potential attacks
on American soil, and seven more around the world. The White House cited it
later Thursday in a list of the 10 failed plots.

While several of those alleged plots had been disclosed before, officials said
that the 2002 effort had not been publicized until now. Another foiled plot, the
White House said, was aimed at East Coast cities in 2003.

The plan to attack Los Angeles appears to have grown out of a larger plan for
attacks on both coasts, not just New York and Washington, on Sept. 11, 2001.

As described by investigators on Friday -- in an account that parallels the
findings of the commission that investigated the 9/11 attacks -- Khalid Shaikh
Mohammed, the architect of the 9/11 plan, was told to delay parts of the broader
plan until later.

It is not clear how far any subsequent planning against Los Angeles advanced
after the attacks of Sept. 11, or exactly how it was headed off during the broad
international campaign against terrorists that ensued.

''It basically got subcontracted out to Jemaah Islamiyah,'' Mr. Isamuddin's
radical Islamic group based in Indonesia, said a senior counterterrorism
official, who had read an account of Mr. Mohammed's interrogation after his
capture in Pakistan in 2003. ''They found a pilot, and some others to overpower
the plane. But it never came together.'' One apparent target was the Library
Tower in Los Angeles, now known as the U.S. Bank Tower, but three
counterterrorism officials said they believed there were other targets in mind
as well.

All the officials interviewed about the plots declined to speak on the record,
because the White House had declassified a very limited amount of information to
substantiate Mr. Bush's statements. But a senior administration official
familiar with the case said the administration knew ''the plot had been
disrupted before'' Mr. Mohammed was captured in Pakistan in 2003. Mr. Isamuddin
was arrested that year in Thailand. ''But we didn't understand the details at
that time,'' the official said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                             April 23, 2013 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Plot to derail via train thwarted; Plan inspired by al Qaeda, two arrested

BYLINE: Dalson Chen, The Windsor Star And Postmedia News; With Files From The
Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Dalson Chen; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 754 words


Two men supported by the terrorist group al Qaeda have been arrested and will
appear in court today for a plot to derail a Via passenger train, say the RCMP.

Investigators believe the two accused were in the process of targeting a route
in the Toronto area, officials told a news conference Monday.

"Had this plot been carried out, it would have resulted in innocent people being
killed or seriously injured," said Assistant Commissioner James Malizia of the
RCMP.

Chief Supt. Jennifer Strachan of the RCMP said the plan was interrupted "in the
planning stages."

Charged are: Chiheb Es-seghaier, 30, of Montreal, and Raed Jaser, 35, of
Toronto.

The suspects are not Canadian citizens but have been in the country legally for
a "considerable period of time."

They face an array of terrorism-related charges including: Conspiring to carry
out a terrorist attack and conspiring to murder persons for the benefit of a
terrorist group.

Investigators believe the two accused were receiving "direction and guidance"
from "al Qaeda elements" based in Iran, said Malizia. Officials said the plot
does not appear to be state-sponsored.

Esseghaier is from Tunisia, while Jaser is from the United Arab Emirates,
according to a senior law enforcement official and confirmed by Hussein Hamdani,
a Muslim community activist who attended a private RCMP de-briefing for leaders
in the Muslim community.

Esseghaier is an academic who conducted research in the area of nanotechnology.

Hamdani said authorities were first alerted to the alleged plot by a member of
the Muslim community.

Details about the plan are not being released.

Reuters reported the alleged plot targeted a passenger train arriving in Toronto
from New York City. The train that travels it is known as the Maple Leaf and is
operated in conjunction with Amtrak.

Chief Supt. Gaetan Courchesne of the RCMP said the execution of the plot was
"not imminent," but the plot represented "a real threat to kill people, to hurt
people," and damage the Canadian economy.

Officials at the news conference would not answer questions on how the suspects
entered in the country.

RCMP said the arrests were the result of an extensive and complex investigation
code-named Project Smooth.

A silver propeller plane carrying an alleged suspect touched down at
But-tonville Municipal Airport at 3: 20 p.m. on Monday. Two uniformed RCMP
officers emerged, followed by two other men carrying laptop bags. The apparent
accused appeared accompanied by another officer. He was in handcuffs and
shackles, blue jeans and sneakers, and wearing a windbreaker. He did not respond
to a reporter's shouted questions.

The suspect was bundled into a black Chevy Suburban with tinted windows and
whisked from the tarmac.

The arrests come at a time of heightened public concern over terrorism following
the bombings in Boston as well as recent revelations over the involvement of
radicalized Canadian youths in overseas terrorist groups.

Public Safety Minister Vic Toews said the investigation was an example of solid
police work and co-operation among the RCMP, CSIS and other police.

"Our government will continue to be vigilant and take the steps necessary to
protect Canadians and their families, and our allies who share our common
values," said Toews.

"Canadians can be assured that our government will stand firm in our commitment
to protecting this country from terrorists and the fear they hope to generate."

David Jacobson, the U.S. ambassador to Canada, issued a statement congratulating
the RCMP.

"These arrests were the result of extensive cross-border co-operation, which is
the hallmark of our relationship.

"Dedicated professionals on both sides of the border brought these arrests to
fruition, and I thank them for their service and hard work.

"This is an example of the United States and Canada working together to protect
our citizens. It underscores the fact that we face serious and real threats, and
that security is a shared responsibility. We all need to remain vigilant in
confronting threats and keeping North America safe and secure."

Along with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, the investigation involved the
efforts and co-operation of the Canadian Security Intelligence Service, the
Canada Border Services Agency, the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation and
police agencies in Toronto and Montreal.

The RCMP encouraged members of the public to bring "any suspicious activities"
to the attention of authorities via the National Security Information Network
(1-800-420-5805 or email nsin_ risn@rcmp-grc.gc.ca).

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ian Willms, Getty Images; A Via Rail train, bound for Windsor on
Monday, leaves Toronto's Union Station - the heart of Via Rail travel. The RCMP
say they have foiled a plot to derail a Via train.; Chris Young, The Canadian
Press;  RCMP officers stand outside a Toronto home of one of the two men accused
of plotting a terror attack on a rail target Monday. Details are not being
released.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              March 3, 2013 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Lincoln In Peril

SECTION: Section BR; Column 0; Book Review Desk; LETTERS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 407 words


To the Editor:

Greg Tobin mentions several cinematic depictions of Lincoln in his review of
Daniel Stashower's ''Hour of Peril: The Secret Plot to Murder Lincoln Before the
Civil War'' (Feb. 17), but he might have noted the 1951 movie ''The Tall
Target,'' which is also about an attempt to assassinate Lincoln on the way to
his first inauguration.

Dick Powell plays a New York City police detective who breaks up the plot. The
filmmakers borrowed his name from the New York police superintendent who helped
protect Lincoln -- John Kennedy.

STEVEN A. KINGNew York

To the Editor:

''The Hour of Peril'' gives too much credit to Allan Pinkerton for persuading
Lincoln to travel through Baltimore clandestinely to avoid the assassination
plot. In fact, upon hearing all the details of the plot provided by Pinkerton,
Lincoln was not convinced. It was a visit that same evening, Feb. 21, 1861, by
the son of Senator William H. Seward, that caused the president-elect to travel
earlier than scheduled, and in disguise, through Baltimore to Washington.
Seward's son provided corroborative information on the plot supplied to Seward
by Charles P. Stone, the inspector general of the District of Columbia. Stone
obtained the information from his own investigation of secessionist
organizations in both Baltimore and Washington. He had used experienced
detectives borrowed from the superintendent of the New York City Police.

Lincoln's uncertainty about Pinkerton's reporting may well have been based on
Pinkerton's well-known habit of embellishing his capabilities and achievements.
He and Lincoln had worked in the same railroad business circles, Pinkerton as a
detective and Lincoln as an attorney. A further indicator of Lincoln's distrust
of Pinkerton's professionalism was his subsequent rejection of Pinkerton's offer
to serve as the Union's intelligence chief a few months later.

KENNETH A. DAIGLERWashington

To the Editor:

Greg Tobin's review of ''The Hour of Peril'' lauds Allan Pinkerton as a ''real
hero'' for developing intelligence that suggested an assassination plan was
afoot. Soon thereafter, in 1862, Pinkerton provided terrible intelligence to
Gen. George McClellan, grossly overestimating the size of Confederate forces he
faced at the Seven Days' Battles on the Virginia peninsula. This encouraged
McClellan's caution, resulting in a humiliating and damaging Union defeat, and
made a hero out of Robert E. Lee.

RICH McINTYRESun Valley, Idaho

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/03/books/review/lincoln-in-peril.html

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 15, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

HERS;
Exit Laughing

BYLINE: By PATRICIA VOLK;   Patricia Volk is a writer who lives in New York.

SECTION: Section 6;  Page 21;  Column 1;  Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 1063 words


MY MOTHER CALLS TO TELL ME she doesn't want the plots. At first I think she's
saying plotz.

"We live in Florida now," she says. "It doesn't make sense to be buried in
Westchester."

The family plot. My grandmother loved it. "The view!" Nana would say, visiting
it Sundays. "Have you ever in your life seen such a view?"

"Anyway, I've decided," Mom says. "I'm signing them over to you."

"I have to be buried by myself?"

"There are four plots," she says firmly. "You have two. Your cousin Joan has
two."

"Joanie? I only see her Thanksgiving!"

We laugh. A week later, the deed to Plot 034, Section 24 comes in the mail.

Down in Florida over Christmas, my mother takes me shopping. She's discovered
it's easier to drop bombs in the car when she's looking straight ahead. "You got
my letter?" she says, tooling down Palmetto.

"If this is about the plots again, Ma, I don't want the plots. I've decided. I'm
getting cremated."

"What?"

I remind her of the last time Dad took me to see his father's grave in Brooklyn.
Jacob Volk's stone was listing. The plot was overgrown. Swastikas were sprayed
all over the place, and every piece of glass that protected the photographs on
the headstones was smashed. I remind her how somebody had Granny Ethel exhumed
and moved next to Great-Aunt Ettie, who was buried with two decks of cards so
they could play in the afterlife.

"I'm going to be cremated, Ma. No one's going to vandalize my grave."

"Still," she says, "the thought of it. . . ."

I tell her about my friend Madeline, who keeps her parents in matching urns in
the basement. She waves to them every time she does the wash.

My mother cracks up. What I really want to say is: You can't die until I can't
make you smile.

"I checked out the local crematorium down here," she says a few weeks later. "I
asked the fellow if I could see how it's done. He said no one had ever asked him
that before. I had to explain I didn't want to actually watch, I just wanted to
make sure the place was nice. You know me -- I like people to be comfortable."
We howl.

Saul Bellow calls death "the dark side of the mirror that allows it to reflect
life." This is no surprise coming from the man who wrote "Mr. Sammler's Planet."
But that's Saul Bellow, and these are my parents. I've always had my parents. I
can't imagine not being able to pick up the phone and talk to them. Should I be
trying to? Why is my mother thinking about death so much? Just because she's in
her 70's? She just got her master's and has a nice practice, so what's with all
this death talk?

I check out the books on my night stand. There's Ellen Currie's "Moses
Supposes," which opens with a story about a man who suspects his father is
suicidal. There's the insomniac's companion, the "1989 Guinness Book of World
Records," which lists 10 categories under Death. (Tonga has the lowest death
rate.) There's "A Doctor's Visit," by Chekhov, whose death in Badenweiler,
Germany, at age 44 is fictionalized in the last book, "Where I'm Calling From,"
by Raymond Carver. What's going on? All these books about death? Everything I'm
reading now is about death?

I go into the living room and look at the shelf where I keep the books that
churn my heart. There's Nathanael West, Dostoyevsky, Virginia Woolf, William
Kennedy, Louise Erdrich, Don DeLillo, Joyce Cary, Toni Morrison and Bruce
Chatwin. So I look at my Paris-in-the-30's shelf, and there's Hemingway, Joyce,
Fitzgerald, Jean Rhys, Ford Maddox Ford and Gertrude Stein. So I look at my
Southern shelf, and there's O'Connor, Welty, McCullers, all of Walker Percy and
Faulkner. Is it possible that death informs everything? Are we born, as Beckett
wrote, "astride the grave"? I decide to find one book, any book, that doesn't
have to do with death. There are two: "Basic Italian" and "The Films of Mae
West."

Studying the slim, chestnut-haired 20-year-old in the photo Mom has always kept
on her dresser, I ask if Dad still looks like that to her.

"He seems just like the day I met him," she says.

Sitting on his patio, overlooking a lake, my father says: "This isn't a bad last
view, is it? This isn't a bad way to go."

"Where'ya going?" I say.

Knock wood, ward off the evil eye, I can't picture anything happening to them.
They both love their work. They both play killer tennis. They've both had
run-ins with scary things, but what does that mean? Most people I know would be
dead if it wasn't for modern medicine.

"We're not afraid to die," they've told me. "There comes a time when you're
ready. We couldn't have imagined that at your age either."

Sometimes I see myself at my father's funeral. Gripping both sides of the
lectern, I pause the way Dad would. I develop eye contact. Then I launch into
the one about the man who tells his wife he wants his ashes scattered in
Bloomingdale's so he can be sure she'll come visit. The idea that something
could happen to them won't seem real until it has to. Why should it? What good
does it do to taint the present with the inevitable?

The elevator door slams. I get the mail. There's a letter from the university I
went to asking to be remembered in my will. There's a bulletin from the Authors
Guild; they'd like something too. There are bills, magazines -- and what's this
from Florida?

RE: Florida Statute 765.05 -- Living Wills

I, Audrey Volk, willfully and voluntarily make known my desire that my dying not
be artificially prolonged under the circumatances set forth below. . . .

I consider the misspelling. Is this document valid? I'm supposed to let my
mother go?

I punch her number. "Ma? I got your present today."

Silence.

"I wanted to get you a Hallmark card. Something appropriate like:

Your living will means lots to me.

A gift that suits me to a T.

Or maybe:

You gave me life!

I help you die!

You're as sweet as

Apple pie!"

We laugh. Hurtling toward the apocalypse, we gasp for air. After we hang up, I
start flipping through the magazines. Right there, in a column called What's
Hot, is an item about a man in the town my parents moved to. He's bringing
mummification back. Prices go from $7,700 for your basic linen wrap to $150,000
for a jeweled sarcophagus. I send it off. Mom will get a kick out of it. I can
hear her laughing now. Meanwhile, know anyone interested in prime Westchester
real estate, one six-hundredth of an acre, nicely landscaped, riv vu?

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                              July 28, 2006 Friday

Farm Briefs

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 294 words


Field day set

FLANAGAN - The Flanagan Agriculture Advisory Committee will hold its 2006
Flanagan FFA Field Day on Aug. 7. This year's events will be at the Gary Collins
family plot, located south of Graymont, south of the intersection of roads 800E
and 1400 North on the west side of road 800 E.

The 2006 Flanagan FFA plot program includes three locations, with 46 varieties
from 23 companies included in each plot.

The event begins at 6 p.m. at the Collins plot, with a tour of the plot
varieties. Dealers and/or district representatives from the companies
represented will be on hand to review their varieties. At 7:15 p.m. at the
Collins shop, there will be a short program by Steve Schwoerer on the High Trail
Wind Farm in McLean County. Dinner will be served at 8 p.m.

For more information contact Dan Faber at (815) 796-2291.

Lindgren wins

ATLANTA - At the 2006 American Gelbvieh Junior Association Prairie Classic,
Jessica Lindgren of Atlanta earned Champion Bred and Owner Balancer Female with
JLNG Sugar Creek Debbie, a March heifer sired by WFF Forever Right Time.

She also received the 2006 Earl Buss Memorial Scholarship.

The event was held July 9-14 at Sioux Falls, S.D.

Moritz places fourth

Justin Moritz of Piper City placed fourth in the 40th annual National Junior
Angus Showmanship Contest held July 14-15 in conjunction with the National
Junior Angus Show in Indianapolis, Ind.

Junior Angus exhibitors from 26 states competed for the title of top showman
during the event. The contest was sponsored in part by the American Angus
Auxiliary and Andis Clippers.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Pantagraph


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 25, 1996, Saturday, Final Edition

Vegetable Vigilante; Gardener Roots Out a Pilferer, but Pinching Of Produce
Remains a Problem at Area Plots

Patricia Davis, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1168 words


For more than two years, Pat Grebe tried to catch the thieves stealing
vegetables from her community garden plot in Reston. Hoping to nab them
red-handed, she booby-trapped her eggplants, smearing them with a mixture of
Vaseline and red food-coloring. When that didn't work, she went undercover.

Finally, after hiding with her camera in the bushes at Baron Cameron Park for
hours at a time, Grebe, a computer programmer, got the evidence she needed. It
was an inside job. A park official confronted Grebe's gardening neighbor, shown
in the photographs picking someone else's mint, and evicted the woman and her
husband from their plot.

But the plot thickens.

"It started all over again, although this time it was worse than before," said
Grebe, 37. "They dug up my dahlias. They dug up my herb plants. They even dug up
someone's rosebushes. Then they started taking things that took time. They took
my black-eyed peas."

Now, as a new growing season begins, Grebe and her fellow gardeners are
preparing for the worst. Fences around garden plots have grown taller this year,
locks and chains stronger.

But Reston is not the only place to suffer purloined peppers and pilfered
potatoes. As community gardens have sprouted all over the Washington area, as
waiting lists for garden plots have grown by the hundreds, a new kind of crime
has cropped up: plant-napping.

Although some community gardeners suffer only the occasional vandalism -- the
kid teeing off on tomatoes with a golf club, the sweaty soccer player swiping a
watermelon -- others have seen all their hard labor lost.

It happened to Scott Ray last summer when he invited friends to his Capitol Hill
home for a big pan of homemade eggplant Parmesan. When Ray, a federal
prosecutor, went to harvest the Italian eggplants in his community garden, he
discovered that his whole crop was gone.

"It was heartbreaking," Ray said. "What was amazing was how the thief waited
until they were just at the peak of ripeness. I knew that because I had checked
them the night before. They came in under the cover of darkness. I was totally
shocked and appalled that someone would steal vegetables. That is low."

Jim Dewing, who recently stepped down after 10 years as gardening coordinator
for the Fairfax County park system, watched his turf grow to 800 plots. And the
number of missing-vegetable reports kept climbing.

"They'll call saying, 'Somebody cleaned out my tomatoes or dug up all my
potatoes or picked all my peas,' " Dewing said. "Last season was the worst. I'm
sure there are few things that anger you more than getting ready to harvest and
seeing your garden stripped clean."

The gardening empire in Fairfax is the largest in the Washington area, but
community garden programs also are booming in Arlington, Montgomery and Prince
George's counties, Alexandria and Washington.

In Fairfax, it's one of the best deals in town: $ 30 a year to rent a piece of
some of the most expensive real estate in the nation. Most people cultivate the
20-by-30-foot plots as a hobby, Dewing said, but many others rely on their plots
as their main source of food.

When the county began letting people work in the plots year-round about two
years ago, Dewing noticed that people "sort of adopted them as their own,"
adding personal touches such as windmills and bird feeders.

After many of the 32 plots at Baron Cameron Park were raided last year, Dewing
tightened the gardening rules, spelling out that "renters may not trespass on,
pick vegetables from, or otherwise affect, alter or disturb other garden plots."
Mesh fences, used before to keep out four-legged animals, were allowed to reach
new human heights of up to six feet.

One of the victims at Baron Cameron was an elderly man who donates his
vegetables to a local fire station, other gardeners recalled. He lost his giant
zucchini, the one he was going to enter in a contest.

"I came out that morning and he was really brokenhearted," said Mark Wayt, a
construction worker who drives in from Loudoun County to the Reston park. "It
was pumpkin-size."

"More like a watermelon," said his wife, Donna Wayt, a phone company employee,
looking up from her digging in the blazing sun.

Gardeners are not just sitting back on their rototillers, though. When Mark Wayt
discovered a row of beans missing, he confronted the suspect, telling her that
he had found some footprints and was calling the police to have them analyzed.
He was bluffing, but the woman admitted she'd been in his garden -- just
looking, she said.

Gary Hofmaster, 60, has more trouble with potato beetles than two-legged
predators at his plot in Baron Cameron. That's because he harvests his
vegetables as soon as they shoot out of the ground, said Hofmaster, a Defense
Mapping Agency employee. And he hides some plants, such as squash, in his corn.

Paul Kovalsky, who after two years on a waiting list finally landed a plot in
the Woodburn community garden in Annandale, said he already has been warned by
his neighbors that his vegetables might be lifted.

"That's one of my fears. But if people are that desperate, they can have it,"
said Kovalsky, 49, who was digging in his garden this week in his dress shirt
and tie after work.

Athena McCorkle, who recently took over Dewing's coordinator job, said an
informal Garden Watch has sprung up throughout Fairfax. Gardeners call her to
report sightings of strangers in their neighbors' plots.

Gina Roman, the garden-plot coordinator for Gaithersburg, which has 81 plots and
no vacancies, also urges gardeners to keep an eye out for each other.

"The gardeners will call me and say they had a nice green pepper that they were
just babying along and someone took it the next day," Roman said. "The
temptation is always there for someone to pluck that red, ripe tomato."

So far, they haven't seen anything quite like what happened last year at Baron
Cameron in Fairfax, where whole rows of vegetables were stripped and dormant
rosebushes yanked out, root balls and all.

Grebe and other gardeners went to Dewing to see what could be done to stop it.
He was sympathetic but told them he would need evidence before he could take any
action. So Grebe headed to the bushes with a camera.

She waited there after work and on weekends, watching for the fellow gardener
she suspected was helping herself to others' ripe vegetables. The gardeners had
noticed a pattern. When the suspect's plot was harvested, so were theirs.

Late last summer, Grebe caught the woman on film in three gardens. She took the
photographs to Dewing -- "she had a whole boatload," he said -- and he took
action. She returned to her cabbage and her squash, thinking her ordeal was
finally over. But the raids on her plot resumed in the fall, and this time Grebe
has no idea who's responsible.

"They take your biggest, they take your best and you're left with whatever they
can't carry," Grebe said. "This year, instead of a fence, I wanted to put land
mines in."


LOAD-DATE: May 28, 1996May 25, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, james m. thresher, Pat Grebe plants flowers at her Reston
community plot, where she resorted to surveillance to catch a thief.  Pat Grebe
works her plot in the community garden at Baron Cameron Park, in Reston, where a
six-foot fence is designed to keep out vegetable thieves.

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                     January 4, 2000 Tuesday Final Edition

Two Algerians arrested as bomb plot investigated: Authorities search for
connections to Ahmed Ressam

SOURCE: New York Times News Service

SECTION: World; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 394 words

Two Algerians, one in Brooklyn, N.Y., and the other in Seattle, have been
arrested in the continuing investigation of a terrorist bomb plot.

The new arrests came amid indications that federal authorities are focusing
their efforts on a network of Algerians in New York, Seattle and Boston,
officials said Monday.

The Brooklyn man, Abdelwahib Hamdouche, was taken into custody Saturday night at
Kennedy International Airport as he was preparing to leave for Paris on a KLM
flight, officials said.

Hamdouche, 34, a naturalized French citizen, was held as a material witness in
the bomb plot investigation, and it is believed that he was ordered to remain in
custody after a closed hearing Monday in U.S. District Court in Manhattan.

In Seattle, authorities said they had arrested another Algerian man, Abdel Hakim
Tizegha, on charges of entering the country illegally. He is believed to be an
associate of a man charged last week in the bomb plot, law enforcement officials
said, but he has not been accused of any direct role.

The new arrests on both coasts stem from what the authorities said was a bomb
plot foiled in Seattle last month after the arrest of Ahmed Ressam, an Algerian
linked to a terrorist group. Ressam was charged with trying to smuggle powerful
explosives and sophisticated timing devices in a car he was driving across the
Canadian border near Seattle.

While the scope of the investigation into the plot appeared to be growing, many
details of the case remained murky Monday. It was not clear why the authorities
believed Hamdouche was a witness. It was also not known why he had been released
without being charged after he was taken into custody last Thursday during a
raid in Brooklyn in which another Algerian, Abdel Ghani, was arrested on charges
of being an accomplice in the bomb plot.

A criminal complaint accused Ghani of having knowledge of "a terrorist network
of Algerian nationals" that also included Ressam, and said that he had planned
to travel with Ressam to Chicago to raise money for the group.

After Monday's closed hearing, neither federal prosecutor, David N. Kelley, nor
Hamdouche's lawyer, Mitchell A. Golub, would comment.

Federal Magistrate Judge Michael H. Dolinger refused a request by The New York
Times to open the session, and afterward, he would not say why he had conducted
it in secret.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News; Crime

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            February 20, 2017 Monday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Are you ready for the Oscars?

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 552 words


Still working your way through the Academy Awards best-picture nominees? USA
TODAY's watched them all to help you prioritize. The Oscars are Sunday  (ABC, 7
p.m. ET/4 PT).

ARRIVAL

****

Plot: A linguistics expert (Amy Adams) is tasked with deciphering messages from
alien visitors.

Director: Denis Villeneuve

Rating: PG-13

Upside: It's a supremely crafted, well-acted and thought-provoking exploration
of humanity.

Downside: Most every other recent sci-fi movie looks pedestrian in comparison.

FENCES

***1/2

Plot: A Pittsburgh garbage

man (Denzel Washington) finds success at work but increasing tension at home.

Director: Denzel Washington

Rating: PG-13

Upside:  Washington and co-star Viola Davis give powerhouse, award-ready
performances.

Downside: It's more filmed play than movie, so it doesn't feel cinematic in
scope.

HACKSAW RIDGE

***

Plot: A devout young man

(Andrew Garfield) enlists in the Army during World War II yet won't touch a gun.

Director: Mel Gibson

Rating: R

Upside: Gibson's latest is a brutally intense and elegantly crafted war drama.

Downside: The film wrestles with overt preachiness and

military-movie clichés.

HELL OR HIGH WATER

***

Plot: Two West Texas brothers (Ben Foster, Chris Pine) brazenly rob the branches
of a bank foreclosing on their family's land.

Director: David Mackenzie

Rating: R

Upside: An excellent Jeff Bridges is in his element as a Texas Ranger pursuing
the crooks.

Downside: The Western noir could be a little more subtle in its exploration of
modern economic decline.

HIDDEN FIGURES

***1/2

Plot: Three mathematicians (Taraji P. Henson, Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monáe)
overcome racial and gender inequality to help America in the space race.

Director: Theodore Melfi

Rating: PG

Upside: The film  has a strong cast as well as heady themes of civil rights.

Downside: The space drama sometimes takes the focus off the three stars'
magnetic chemistry.

LION

***1/2

Plot: Two decades after being separated  from his family, a young Australian man
(Dev Patel) plots a path back home to India.

Director: Garth Davis

Rating: PG-13

Upside: Patel and newcomer Sunny Pawar give strong performances as older and
younger versions of Saroo Brierley.

Downside: The ending couldn't be more emotionally manipulative, though it's
forgivable.

MANCHESTER  BY THE SEA

****

Plot: A handyman (Casey Affleck) is forced to confront a past tragedy when he's
named sole guardian of his nephew (Lucas Hedges).

Director: Kenneth Lonergan

Rating: R

Upside: Affleck and Hedges are tops among an all-around extraordinary cast.

Downside: Parents will find one scene hard to watch because of the subject
matter.

MOONLIGHT

****

Plot: A three-act character study that follows the life of a gay black man from
struggling child to intimidating adult.

Director: Barry Jenkins

Rating: R

Upside: The drama is supremely well-acted and beautifully captures the intimate
evolution of its main character.

Downside: The middle act, while very good, doesn't rise to the exceptional
levels of the film's beginning and end.

LA LA LAND

****

Plot: An aspiring actress (Emma Stone) and a jazz pianist (Ryan Gosling) fall in
love while trying to make their dreams come true.

Director: Damien Chazelle

Rating: PG-13

Upside: The movie revisits the Hollywood musical in joyous and dazzling fashion.

Downside: Not for grinches who don't like good tunes and Broadway-style
showstoppers.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2017 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 2, 1993, Friday, FIRST EDITION

U.S. reportedly will detain Muslim cleric

BYLINE: Jack Kelley; Sandra Sanchez

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 362 words


Justice Department officials have decided to take Sheik Omar Abdel-Rahman into
custody but will not charge him in connection with a plot to bomb U.N.
headquarters and other sites, media reports said.

"The pressure has been building," says William Lewis, George Washington
University Middle East expert. "He's more than just a force of agitation."

Rahman, 55, is a blind Islamic cleric. Some of his followers were charged with
the Feb. 26 World Trade Center bombing and last month's plot to bomb the United
Nations and other New York landmarks. He'll be held on immigration charges, ABC,
CBS and The Associated Press reported. Justice officials refused comment.

Other news reports say government investigators have secretly recorded tapes
indicating Rahman had prior knowledge of the bombing plots.

U.S. officials let Rahman into the country in 1990 by mistake. He was granted
permanent residency in April 1992, but that was revoked in March 1992. He's
appealing.

Nine people have been arrested in the plot, and the sheik has acknowledged that
the man the FBI says was the group's ringleader acted as his interpreter.

Also Thursday, a prosecutor said the nine considered bombing the George
Washington Bridge. - Jack Kelley

LOTTO MANIA: Michigan's School Aid Fund got a bonus as no one came forward to
claim an $ 18 million Lotto jackpot - the largest unclaimed prize since the
state's lottery began in 1972. The winning ticket was purchased July 1, 1992, at
a 7-Eleven store in Hillsdale. In Florida, the winner of a $ 29.1 million
jackpot has not come forward. The winner has 180 days from last Saturday's
drawing to turn in the ticket. And Georgia officials reported first-day sales of
a lottery that started Tuesday reached $ 10 million.

LIFE 'LESSONS': William Kennedy Smith, acquitted of rape in 1991, says his life
is back to normal. "I think I have more perspective - it's so easy to lose,"
Smith told the Albuquerque Journal. "I do take lessons from my experiences, but
I try not to get wrapped up in an endless cycle of analysis." Also, The
Washington Post reports Smith's lawyer, Roy Black, is dating Lea Haller, a juror
from the trial.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, AP

TYPE: Nationline

THE NATION; FROM USA TODAY'S NATIONAL NEWS NETWORK

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                              July 9, 2010 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Three found guilty in suicide bomb plot; Rare third trial. Britons linked to
cell targeting U.S. flights

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: LONDON


Three Britons were convicted yesterday of plotting to murder hundreds of people
in suicide bombings after being recruited by an Al-Qa'ida-inspired cell bent on
blowing up transatlantic airliners bound for North America.

The three men, who recorded martyrdom videos threatening waves of attacks
against Britain and the United States, worked with the gang that planned to
bring down planes with homemade liquid bombs.

Their conviction follows one of Britain's biggest counter-terrorism
investigations and a series of trials around a plot that prosecutors said could
have been on the same scale as the 9-11 attacks.

Twelve people have now been convicted in connection with the plot that led to
extra security checks at airports worldwide and tight restrictions on passengers
carrying liquids onto planes.

The three convicted yesterday had faced two previous trials in 2008 and 2009. A
jury at their first trial failed to agree a verdict. They were acquitted at the
second trial of knowing that the plot was targeting planes.

Prosecutors made the unusual decision to push for a third trial where the three
faced a broader charge of conspiracy to murder, replacing the previous charge of
plotting to kill people on airliners.

Ibrahim Savant, Arafat Waheed Khan and Waheed Zaman were convicted by a jury at
Woolwich Crown Court, east London, and will be sentenced today. They face a
maximum sentence of life imprisonment.

The court heard how the plot involved smuggling liquid bombs in soft drink
bottles onto planes bound for North America. A team of suicide bombers planned
to assemble and detonate the hydrogen peroxide devices in mid-air.

The plot's ringleader, Abdulla Ahmed Ali, identified seven flights to San
Francisco, Toronto, Montreal, Washington, New York and Chicago that left London
within 21/2 hours of each other. Ali was jailed for life last September.

In the latest trial, the jury rejected the men's defence that the plot was part
of an elaborate publicity stunt.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             August 6, 2013 Tuesday
                                 CHASE EDITION

Top al-Qaeda leaders tied to terror threat;
Analyst: Group likely to return to disrupted plot

BYLINE: Oren Dorell and David Jackson, USA TODAY,

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 786 words


The shutdown of U.S. embassies and a warning to American tourists came in
response to an intercepted message between top al-Qaeda figures about a possible
weekend attack, U.S. officials said. Some terror analysts say the plot may still
be active.

News organizations reported that electronic communications were intercepted
between Ayman al-Zawahri, who succeeded Osama bin Laden as the head of al-Qaeda,
and Nasir al-Wuhayshi, the head of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP).

The intercept was significant and surprising, because it's rare that top
al-Qaeda leaders are caught discussing a specific plot or the timing, officials
said. Zawahri was in Pakistan and Wuhayshi in Yemen, but the intercepts did not
reveal the specific location or target.

The U.S. shut down 20 embassies and consulates in the Middle East and Africa
through Saturday.

The Obama administration's decision may have disrupted an al-Qaeda terrorist
plot, but that doesn't mean the terrorists will abandon their plans for good, a
terrorism expert says.

"These types of plots -- they get disrupted, and sometimes the hit squads are
called up. Sometimes they get folded into another operation in the future," said
Thomas Joscelyn, a terrorism analyst at the Foundation for the Defense of
Democracies. In the long term, however, "al-Qaeda doesn't give up on plans," he
said.

The Oct. 12, 2000, suicide bombing of the USS Cole occurred after a failed
attempt against the USS The Sullivans in January of that year. The destruction
of the twin towers of the World Trade Center in 2001 came after a previous
attempt to destroy one of the World Trade Center buildings in 1993, with a truck
bomb.

"When they have plans on the books, if they think they're good plans, they come
back to them," Joscelyn said.

The State Department said the closures of embassies and consulates were out of
an "abundance of caution" and not an "indication of a new threat."

White House spokesman Jay Carney said the U.S. faces "an ongoing threat from
al-Qaeda and its affiliates," and he singled out AQAP.

Carney said that although al-Qaeda has been "diminished" as a global force,
"affiliate organizations ... have strengthened."

In the U.S., New York City said it was increasing security at some landmarks and
houses of worship in response to he warnings. Some airports, such as Boston's
Logan Airport, boosted security, but other major airports, including Atlanta and
San Francisco, said they have not.

The Transportation Security Administration had not implemented or requested new
security measures, according to airline officials.

For the United States to shut down so many diplomatic facilities over such a
large geographical area means U.S. intelligence officials believe the plans they
came across "had some likelihood of success, meaning there's been surveillance,
reconnaissance, (and) teams have infiltrated to where they need to be," said
Mark Jacobson, a senior fellow at the German Marshall Fund. "So, if it's this
serious, this is something that's been in the works for a while," said Jacobson,
former deputy NATO representative in Afghanistan from 2009 to 2011.

The New York Times reported Monday that the closures were in response to
intercepted communications between Zawahri and Wuhayshi. At the request of
senior U.S. intelligence officials, the Times said it had withheld their
identities from an article posted online Friday and published Saturday. However,
McClatchy Newspapers disclosed the names Sunday, and the Times then followed
suit after the Obama administration dropped its objections.

"This was significant because it was the big guys talking, and talking about
very specific timing for an attack or attacks," one unnamed U.S. official told
the Times.

Citing a U.S. intelligence official and a Middle East diplomat, the Associated
Press reported Monday that Zawahri's message was picked up several weeks ago.
The threat appeared initially aimed at targets in Yemen but was expanded to
include U.S. or other Western sites abroad.

Intelligence sources told NBC News that Zawahri and Wuhayshi "wanted to do
something big" this past Sunday, an Islamic holiday commemorating the 27th night
of Ramadan and the day the Quran was revealed to the prophet Mohammed.

CBS News carried a similar report, also pegged to unidentified sources, that the
pair were discussing "something big" connected to Ramadan, which ends Thursday.

The new embassies ordered to shut down through Saturday include facilities in
central and east Africa, including the capitals of Burundi and Rwanda.
Authorities also closed a third site in Saudi Arabia.

A worldwide travel alert remains in effect until Aug. 31.

Contributing: Charisse Jones in New York; Sarah Lynch in Cairo; the Associated
Press

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             March 29, 2013 Friday

Garden Plots Available To Rent At Lancaster County Central Park

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 152  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


The Lancaster County Department of Parks and Recreation again is renting garden
plots for the season, which will run from April 15 through Oct. 15.

The public can apply for a plot at the park office, 1050 Rockford Road, or call
299-8215. Office hours are weekdays from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.

County residents can select either a 20-foot-by-20-foot or 20-foot-by-40-foot
plot. Renters pay a one-time fee of $20 for a small plot and $25 for a larger
plot.

The garden plots are along Farm View Drive just off Golf Road in Lancaster
County Central Park.

Gardeners of all skill levels can rent garden plots to grow their own flowers
and vegetables. The plots are ideal for gardeners with limited space at home and
for groups looking for a summer project. Organic plots also are available. These
are plots that have been free of pesticides and herbicides for several years.

For more information, visit lancastercountyparks.org.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                      January 4, 2004 Sunday Final Edition

Hijack plot targeted U.S. nuclear sites: Informant's warning of attacks led to
terror alert, flight cancellations

SOURCE: The Times, London, The Washington Post with files from The Associated
Press

BYLINE: David Leppard and Dipesh Gadher

SECTION: News; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1135 words

A Sept. 11-style suicide terrorist plot to hijack several passenger jets
simultaneously and crash them into high-profile American targets has been
uncovered by security services.

New York City, Washington, D.C., and nuclear power stations on the country's
East Coast are said to have been among the terrorists' potential targets, the
Times of London is reporting today. The plot explains the grounding of 10
U.S.-bound flights across the world over the seasonal break.

According to a senior intelligence source, an informant tipped off authorities
the weekend before Christmas. He claimed that Islamic extremists intended to
hijack flights operated by British Airways, Air France and AeroMexico. The Times
reports that the plot was hatched by al-Qaeda, the terror group behind the Sept.
11, 2001, attacks on the United States.

The informant said that as well as targeting Washington, D.C., New York City and
Los Angeles, the terrorists were planning to launch a strike on an oil terminal
in Valdez, Alaska. The informant named specific routes and flight numbers,
including British Airways 223, as part of the hijack plot. A CIA assessment of
the information subsequently identified nuclear plants on the East Coast as
possible targets.

It is understood that intercepts of communications between known terrorist
suspects also suggested the significant risk of an attack.

Detailed security checks were conducted on all U.S.-bound flights operated by
the three carriers after the intelligence emerged about the alleged plot. All
passenger lists were cross-checked against an FBI watchlist of known terrorist
suspects.

As a result, 10 U.S.-bound flights were grounded: two British Airways flights to
Washington, D.C., two AeroMexico flights from Mexico City to L.A., and six Air
France flights from Paris to L.A.

At least three other flights were escorted into American airports by F16 fighter
jets, and one Mexican airliner was even forced to turn back in mid-air. British
Airways also grounded two flights to Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, which were due to fly
on Dec. 31 and yesterday. It is understood these cancellations related to
separate intelligence relating to a potential surface-to-air missile attack on a
British carrier.

Flight 223, British Airways' service to Washington, D.C., was finally given
security clearance to fly yesterday after being cancelled for two days running.

Flight 223 finally lifted off from Heathrow Airport just after 1 p.m. EST
yesterday -- more than three hours late, the airline said. British Airways said
the last-minute delay in the flight -- which had earlier received the all-clear
from Britain's Department for Transport -- was due to security checks.

Yesterday, intelligence sources yesterday confirmed the cancellation of the 10
U.S.-bound services was triggered by information provided by an informant
"outside the U.S." The warning was of an imminent attack on American soil.

On the same weekend the intelligence was received from the informant, U.S.
Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge raised the security threat faced by U.S.
citizens to "code orange," the second-highest level. He said the country faced
the risk of a terror strike which "could either rival or exceed" Sept. 11, 2001.

All passengers lists on the jets believed to be potential targets were checked.
The port of Valdez was put on high alert and the transfer of oil to tankers was
subsequently suspended.

Some of the passengers listed on Air France flights to L.A. appeared to match
suspects on the terror watchlist and six flights were cancelled on Christmas Eve
and Christmas Day. One person who had a similar name to a Tunisian terrorist
turned out to be a five-year-old child.

However, French security officials insisted the decision to ground the planes
was taken on the basis of "significant intelligence." One of the passengers who
failed to turn up for the flight was a trained pilot from the Middle East who
has since fled and cannot be traced, according to U.S. intelligence sources.

Checks on British passenger lists revealed other apparent matches with names on
the terror watchlist, but none is thought to have been confirmed. Matches are
not uncommon because of the similarity of many Arabic names.

Yesterday, passengers checking in for BA flight 223 to Washington Dulles airport
said they were not deterred by the security alert surrounding the service. One
passenger, Ralph Hodgson, 58, said: "I've absolutely no worries at all ... about
getting on this flight. I think if anything's going to happen, if your number's
called, then your number's going to be called."

But the passengers were forced to endure hours of security checks yesterday.
Beyond the check-in counter and immigration control, Flight 223's roughly 100
transit passengers also underwent extraordinary scrutiny. Before they entered
the transit terminal, all were segregated, their names and passport numbers
taken down by an airline security officer.

Then about 90 minutes before they were supposed to leave, passengers were told
to go to Gate 11, which was guarded by four transit police officers with Uzi
submachine-guns. Two more officers arrived with springer spaniels to check for
explosives.

For the next hour, the dogs and the armed police walked among the passengers.
The crowd, for the most part, appeared relaxed, even jovial. People posed for
pictures, while a Sunday Telegraph reporter who had bought a ticket for the
flight moved from group to group conducting interviews. A Washington Post
reporter was also on the flight.

At around 3 p.m., the scheduled departure time, officials announced that all
transit passengers had to be re-interviewed. Each family was checked by another
airline security officer, holding a list of names. A group of young Middle
Eastern-looking people who appeared to be students seemed to come in for extra
questioning. About 30 minutes later, passengers began to board. At this late
moment, police took from the line one man, a Kenyan, who had no ticket. He told
them he had been transferred to the flight.

After about three dozen passengers were on board, three security guards appeared
and checked all the rest-rooms and the mid-cabin door, opposite from the entry
area. Then other passengers started trickling in again.

At about 4:45, when the plane was about two-thirds full, the captain announced
that everybody had been cleared and the door was shut. Another 30 minutes
passed, during which time the captain said he was waiting for clearance from
U.S. officials. "We just can't push this along," he said. "We are just waiting
as you are."

An hour and 15 minutes later, he reported that clearance had finally come
through. The plane pushed back and took off about 20 minutes later, scheduled
for arrival at about 9:10 p.m., Washington time.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             August 14, 2015 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

September

BYLINE: Compiled by Bryan Alexander

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 1427 words


SEPT.  2

A Walk in the Woods

Stars: Robert Redford, Nick Nolte, Emma Thompson

Director: Ken Kwapis

Plot: Redford portrays travel writer Bill Bryson, who hikes the 2,200-mile
Appalachian Trail with his old friend (Nolte).

SEPT. 4

Before We Go

Stars: Chris Evans, Alice Eve, Mark Kassen

Director: Chris Evans

Plot: Evans' directorial debut follows two strangers (Evans and Eve) stuck in
New York City; they grow into  trusted confidants when a night of unexpected
adventure takes place.

Break Point

Stars: Jeremy Sisto, David Walton, J.K. Simmons

Director: Jay Karas

Plot: Two estranged brothers come together to make a miracle run at a Grand Slam
tennis tournament.

Dirty Weekend

Stars: Matthew Broderick, Alice Eve

Director: Neil LaBute

Plot: LaBute's dark comedy focuses on work colleagues (Broderick and Eve)
discovering each other's secrets during a business layover in Albuquerque.

Steve Jobs:  The Man in the Machine

Director: Alex Gibney

Plot: Documentary offers a critical examination of the iconoclastic genius and
barbed-tongued tyrant who was the Apple CEO.

The Transporter Refueled

Stars: Ed Skrein, Ray Stevenson, Loan Chabanol

Director: Camille Delamarre

Plot: The Transporter franchise moves on without Jason Statham but keeps the hot
cars, the hot women and a bank heist as Frank Martin (Skrein) outruns a Russian
kingpin.

SEPT. 11

The Perfect Guy

Stars: Michael Ealy, Sanaa Lathan, Morris Chestnut

Director: David M. Rosenthal

Plot: After a breakup with her boyfriend (Chestnut), Leah Vaughn (Lathan) meets
the seemingly perfect guy (Ealy), who is actually a psycho.

Sleeping with Other People

Stars: Jason Sudeikis, Alison Brie, Adam Scott

Director: Leslye Headland

Plot: Two serial cheaters (Sudeikis and Brie) try to maintain a friendship when
they meet by chance 12 years after hooking up.

The Visit

Stars: Kathryn Hahn, Deanna Dunagan, Peter McRobbie

Director: M. Night Shyamalan

Plot: Shyamalan teams up with horror producer Jason Blum and tries to rediscover
the success formula he lost after 1999's 'The Sixth Sense' with a tale of two
kids sent to their creepy grandparents' Pennsylvania farm.

Wolf Totem

Stars: Shaofeng Feng, Shawn Dou, Ankhnyam Ragchaa

Director: Jean-Jacques Annaud

Plot: The French director follows a Beijing student, who views the effect of the
Chinese cultural revolution on the nomadic herdsmen of Inner Mongolia and wild
wolf packs.

SEPT. 18

About Ray

Stars: Naomi Watts, Elle Fanning, Susan Sarandon

Director: Gaby Dellal

Plot: Ray (Fanning) realizes she isn't meant to be a girl and decides to
transition to male while her family deals with the fallout.

Black Mass

Stars: Johnny Depp, Benedict Cumberbatch, Joel Edgerton

Director: Scott Cooper

Plot: Billed as the true story of notorious gangster Whitey Bulger of South
Boston, who becomes an FBI informant to take down the Mob.

Captive

Stars: Kate Mara, David Oyelowo, Michael Kenneth Williams

Director: Jerry Jameson

Plot: Based on a true story, a single mother (Mara) taken hostage in her own
apartment uses the Rev. Rick Warren's 'The Purpose Driven Life' to gain freedom
from her captor (Oyelowo).

Maze Runner:  The Scorch Trials

Stars: Dylan O'Brien, Thomas Brodie-Sangster, Kaya Scodelario

Director: Wes Ball

Plot: Franchise continues in this sequel to 2014's 'Maze Runner,' which has the
surviving Gladers facing a new, desolate landscape.

SEPT. 25

A Brave Heart:  The Lizzie Velasquez Story

Director: Sara Hirsh Bordo

Plot: A documentary following the journey of 26-year-old, 58-pound Velasquez,
who has a rare condition that prevents her from gaining weight, as she journeys
from cyberbullying victim to anti-bullying activist.

The Green Inferno

Stars: Lorenza Izzo, Ariel Levy, Daryl Sabara

Director: Eli Roth

Plot:  Roth's return to horror directing features a group of college students
who take their humanitarian protest from New York to the Amazon jungle only to
be taken prisoner by the

indigenous tribe they came to save.

Hotel Transylvania 2

Voices: Adam Sandler, Selena Gomez, Mel Brooks

Director: Genndy Tartakovsky

Plot:  The  monstrous hotel is back as Dracula (Sandler) calls on "Vampa" Drac
(Brooks) to help with his half-human son.

The Intern

Stars: Robert De Niro, Anne Hathaway, Nat Wolff

Director: Nancy Meyers

Plot: A 70-year-old widower (De Niro) tries to get back in the business game as
an intern at a fashion website run by glamorous Jules Ostin (Hathaway).

Mississippi Grind

Stars: Ryan Reynolds, Ben

Mendelsohn, Sienna Miller

Directors: Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck

Plot: A down-on-his luck gambler (Mendelsohn) meets a  charismatic poker player
(Reynolds) and the two travel to a high-stakes power game in New Orleans.

99 Homes

Stars: Andrew Garfield, Michael Shannon, Laura Dern

Director: Ramin Bahrani

Plot: A construction worker (Garfield) trying to prevent his family from being
evicted works for a ruthless real estate broker (Shannon).

Stonewall

Stars: Jeremy Irvine, Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Ron Perlman

Director: Roland Emmerich

Plot: A fictional look at a young man (Irvine) caught up during the 1969
Stonewall Riots in Greenwich Village.

OCT. 2

Freeheld

Stars: Ellen Page, Julianne Moore, Steve Carell

Director: Peter Sollett

Plot: In this drama based on a 2007 documentary short film of the same name, a
New Jersey police lieutenant (Moore) diagnosed with terminal cancer fights for
pension benefits with her domestic partner (Page).

He Named Me Malala

Stars: Malala Yousafzai

Director: Davis Guggenheim

Plot: Events leading up to the Taliban's 2012 attack on this young Pakistani
activist (now a Nobel Peace Prize recipient) are explored in a new documentary.

Legend

Stars: Tom Hardy, Emily Browning, Taron Egerton, Paul Bettany

Director: Brian Helgeland

Plot: Twin gangsters Ronald and Reginald Kray (both played by Hardy) rise to
infamy in 1960s London in this crime thriller based on actual events.

OCT. 9

My All American

Stars: Aaron Eckhart, Robin Tunney, Sarah Bolger

Director: Angelo Pizzo

Plot: Texas Longhorns football player Freddie Steinmark (Finn Wittrock) wins a
national championship and receives a devastating diagnosis in this biographical
tearjerker.

Steve Jobs

Stars: Michael Fassbender, Kate Winslet, Seth Rogen

Director: Danny Boyle

Plot: Three key Apple product launches set the stage for this Aaron
Sorkin-written biopic of the late tech genius.

OCT. 16

The Bronze

Stars: Melissa Rauch, Thomas

Middleditch, Haley Lu Richardson

Director: Bryan Buckley

Plot: A washed-up bronze-winning gymnast (Rauch) gets a new lease on life when a
young athlete threatens her local celebrity status in this dark comedy.

Goosebumps

Stars: Jack Black, Odeya Rush, Ken Marino, Dylan Minnette, Halston Sage

Director: Rob Letterman

Plot: A teen (Minnette) teams up with the girl next door (Rush) and her
mysterious dad, R.L. Stine (Black), when the monsters from his horror novels
spring to life.

Room

Stars: Brie Larson, Jacob Tremblay, William H. Macy

Director: Lenny Abrahamson

Plot: A 5-year-old boy (Tremblay) grows up in a small room, where he's being
held captive with his mom (Larson).

Woodlawn

Stars: Sean Astin, Jon Voight, C. Thomas Howell

Directors: Andrew and Jon Erwin

Plot: A newly integrated Alabama school is united through religion and football
in this real-life story, which chronicles the rise of African-American player
Tony Nathan (Caleb Castille).

OCT. 23

Burnt

Stars: Bradley Cooper, Sienna Miller, Daniel Brühl

Director: John Wells

Plot: A misbehaving, Michelin-rated chef (Cooper) cleans up his act after losing
his job and tries  to start over with a new restaurant in London.

I Smile Back

Stars: Sarah Silverman, Josh Charles, Thomas Sadoski

Director: Adam Salky

Plot: A mother's (Silverman)

depression and compulsive behavior threaten to tear apart her family.

Jem and the Holograms

Stars: Molly Ringwald, Juliette Lewis, Stefanie Scott

Director: Jon M. Chu

Plot: A small-town girl (Aubrey Peeples) becomes a superstar in this big-screen
revival of the '80s animated TV series.

The Last Witch Hunter

Stars: Vin Diesel, Rose Leslie,

Michael Caine

Director: Breck Eisner

Plot: A witch hunter (Diesel) teams with an enchantress (Leslie) to squelch a
witch uprising in modern-day New York.

Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension

Stars: Olivia Taylor Dudley, Chloe Csengery, Maria Olsen, Brit Shaw

Director: Gregory Plotkin

Plot: In the sixth and supposedly last installment of the low-budget horror
franchise, a family moves into a house haunted by supernatural forces.

OCT. 30

Our Brand Is Crisis

Stars: Sandra Bullock, Billy Bob

Thornton, Anthony Mackie

Director: David Gordon Green

Plot: A political strategist (Bullock) comes out of self-imposed retirement when
she's recruited by a flailing Bolivian presidential candidate.

Compiled by Patrick Ryan

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Claire Folger, Warner Bros. Pictures

DOCUMENT-TYPE: MOVIES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 26, 2006 Saturday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

EARLY OUT FOR capo's son? He spied for FBI on terror plots

BYLINE: BY NANCIE L. KATZ DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 450 words


A DECADE AGO, a jailed mobster handed the FBI chilling details on alleged plots
to blow up airliners - including bomb formulas he got from cellmate Ramzi
Yousef, mastermind of the 1993 World Trade Center attack.

Now Colombo crime family soldier Gregory Scarpa Jr. is hoping that effort and
other undercover work he's done for the feds behind bars will win him early
release from prison, the Daily News has learned.

Dozens of secret FBI memos are part of Scarpa's appeal to Brooklyn Federal Court
Reena Raggi to reduce his 40-year prison term for murder conspiracy.

Among the intelligence Scarpa, 54, gleaned from Yousef were instructions on how
to make a peroxide-based liquid explosive, court records show.

Vilem Petr, a professor at the Colorado School of Mines, said Yousef's potion
appears similar to explosives that were part of the foiled terror plot to blow
up airliners in Britain.

Scarpa's work for the FBI included point-by-point directions, with diagrams,
from Yousef on evolving terror plots and ways to blow up airliners.

Yousef was also serving time for the 1995 so-called Bojinka plot to blow up 11
airliners over the Pacific. He tested a liquid concoction on a Philippines
jetliner, killing a passenger. British officials said the recent plot mirrored
Bojinka.

Much of that intelligence predated 9/11 and the arrest of alleged shoe-bomber
Richard Reid, who tried to blow up a U.S-bound jet from Paris.

But FBI and federal prosecutors have insisted that none of the information
provided by Scarpa, whose late father was a Colombo family capo and a longtime
FBI informant, was credible.

Brooklyn U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf urged the judge to deny Scarpa's
request. She said there was no "direct or causal connection between the Yousef
information and terrorist activity."

At Scarpa's 1999 sentencing, Raggi rejected his pleas for leniency, branding his
work with Yousef "part of a hoax."

In new court papers, he begs Raggi for an "honest review and appropriate
corrective action."

He cites reports handed to the 9/11 Commission and Congress by private
investigators Angela Clemente and Stephen Dresch that back him up.

Scarpa also wants credit for tipping off the FBI last year about explosives
agents found hidden in the Kansas home of Oklahoma City bomber Terry Nichols.
The two are now imprisoned together in Colorado.

Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R-Calif.), who chairs the Oversight and Investigations
Subcommittee of the House International Relations Committee, had pushed the FBI
to follow up on Scarpa's tip on Nichols.

He said he thought Scarpa's earlier work seemed " worthy of very close analysis
. . . especially after they found that stash of explosives in Terry's house."

nkatz@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Times (London)

                            August 11, 2006, Friday

Sophisticated plot has hallmark of al-Qaeda, says US security boss

BYLINE: Tom Baldwin in Washington

SECTION: OVERSEAS NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 555 words


President Bush said yesterday that the plot to set off multiple explosions in US
aircraft should serve as "a stark reminder that this nation is at war with
Islamic fascists who will use any means to destroy those of us who love
freedom".

The President is always ready to tell his "fellow citizens" -as he did yesterday
on a brief visit to Wisconsin -that "it is a mistake to believe there is no
threat to the United States of America".

Michael Chertoff, the US Homeland Security Secretary, wasted even less time in
telling reporters at a breakfast-time press conference that the plan "was
suggestive of al-Qaeda" -a view confirmed with greater certainty by officials
speaking privately. However, with the fifth anniversary of the September 11
attacks looming and a new Oliver Stone film on the destruction of the World
Trade Centre being released this week, the nerves of many American voters are
already frayed and they do not require much prompting to worry about terrorism.

Although reports that Mr Bush was woken at his ranch in Texas yesterday morning
by a call from Tony Blair were denied by the White House, the two leaders had
been in regular touch -as recently as Sunday -about British police efforts to
track and capture those behind the aircraft plot.

American authorities were told about a fortnight ago of an "accelerating plan"
to target US airlines flying from Britain to Los Angeles, Washington and New
York.

One official was quoted yesterday as saying that British authorities would not
have arrested the suspects "if they hadn't thought these guys were ready to go -
the trip line had been reached -they dropped the hammer when they did because
they thought they were out of time".

Mr Chertoff said that the plan was as "sophisticated as any we have seen in
recent years", adding: "This plot was well advanced. In other words, they had
accumulated and assembled the capabilities that they needed, and they were in
the final stages of planning.

"The terrorists planned to carry the components of the bombs, including liquid
explosive ingredients and detonating devices disguised as beverages, electronic
devices or other common objects," he said.

It is not known if the alleged terrorists had gone so far as to book seats, but
an FBI source told The Times last night that he believed that the terrorists had
been examining routes but not specific flights.

Mr Chertoff drew comparisons with the Operation Bojinka plot in 1995 by Khalid
Sheikh Mohammed, the mastermind behind 9/11, in which improvised bombs using
liquid in contact lens solution containers would have been detonated on a dozen
flights over the Pacific.

America has issued an unprecedented red alert on all flights to or from Britain,
while raising to orange -the level below -the risk status of all other passenger
aircraft.

Mr Chertoff said: "This is a precaution against any members of the plot who may
still be at large. Given the amount of planning and effort that was put into
this plot, I think it would be a little bit risky to assume that everything is
shut down and the threat has gone."

Federal air marshals are being sent to Britain to provide "expanded mission
coverage" for flights to and from the US. Mr Chertoff emphasised that passengers
should not cancel flights, saying: "We are screening out people who want to do
harm to innocent travellers."

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            July 11, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Montreal mob boss linked to alleged plot to kill U.S. judge

BYLINE: Paul Cherry, CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 563  words


Montreal mob boss Frank Cotroni and high-ranking U.S. mobsters were once
investigated for an alleged plot to assassinate the top judge in America,
according to newly released FBI documents.

The investigation into the alleged plot to assassinate Chief Justice Warren
Burger began in December 1981, after an informant came forward with information
of a jailhouse plot. It ended 15 months later with no charges being laid.

Instead, the FBI dispatched agents to warn the heads of Mafia families in the
U.S. that any attempt to assassinate Burger "would be responded to with the full
force and resources of the (Department) of Justice and the FBI."

The documents were obtained by the Montreal Gazette through the U.S. Freedom of
Information Act.

Access to Cotroni's FBI record was requested after he died of cancer on Aug. 17,
2004, at the age of 72. He was one of three brothers who controlled illegal
rackets in Montreal for decades while they operated as a branch office for the
Bonanno crime family in New York.

In April 1979, after serving four years of a 15-year sentence for cocaine
trafficking in the U.S., Cotroni was paroled and released from a federal
penitentiary in Lewisburg, Penn. Two years later, the informant, who apparently
served time at Lewisburg with the Montreal mobster, told the FBI that Cotroni
and other Mafiosi discussed killing Burger and a U.S. district court judge based
in New Jersey.

The earliest reference to the FBI investigation among the documents is a
"priority" teletype communique warning of the alleged plot. It was sent on Dec.
18, 1981, from an FBI field office in Seattle, Wash., to the FBI's director and
five FBI offices in the eastern U.S.

The message concluded with a plan to advise Burger of the suspected plot and to
pursue leads "on a very discreet basis" by investigating the backgrounds of the
suspects.

The FBI documents reveal no motive for the alleged plot. But, as the top U.S.
judge, Burger might have been considered a target as a means to intimidate the
American justice system.

Cotroni, described in the FBI documents as "the boss of the Montreal (La Cosa
Nostra) family and an associate of the Bonanno LCN family," is listed as a
suspect throughout the investigation.

Phil Rastelli, the head of the Bonanno crime family in New York until he died in
1991, and Joseph Gambino, a captain in the Gambino crime family, are also listed
as suspects.

Agents tried to figure out how to investigate the plot while most of the
suspects were still behind bars. The penitentiary in Lewisburg had no private
rooms where investigators could interview suspects without other inmates
noticing.

Cotroni was back in Montreal at that point, but the documents indicate the FBI
did not plan to question him. One possible reason was that by February 1982 the
FBI was investigating a major drug smuggling operation headed by Cotroni.

The assassination plot investigation was further frustrated by a reluctance, on
the part of the U.S. district attorney's office in Seattle, to let the informant
be interviewed by FBI agents.

The FBI decided the best way to proceed was to warn some of the suspects and the
heads of most of the Mafia families in the eastern U.S. that they were aware of
the assassination plot.

Eventually agents brought what little information they had to a prosecutor who
decided no charges could be laid. The investigation then ended quietly.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Herald Archive; FBI documents claim Montreal mob boss Frank Cotroni was
investigated over an alleged assassination plot. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                          February 26, 2014 Wednesday

Adding multimedia Porter & Plot exposes the undiscovered world of unique wine
regions through small-lot offerings

SECTION: DRIED FOOD; United States of America

LENGTH: 315 words



HIGHLIGHT: Fine wine is often seen as a luxury only fully understood by experts,
leaving the average consumer feeling lost and overwhelmed.


Porter & Plot aims to bring clarity to the perplexing wine world through their
line of limited-production wines, launching on February 26, 2014. Their product
portfolio will feature a diverse collection of small-lot wines, each typically
1,000 cases or less, that showcase the distinct land on which they originate.
Smaller AVA wines are currently hard to find for most wine consumers and are
rarely available for under $20 - something Porter & Plot aims to change.

The name Porter & Plot embodies the brand's mission to be a reliable and
consistent purveyor of small lot wines, historically the domain of high-end
shops and importers. The porter, or gatekeeper, guides consumers through plots,
or unique regions, helping them to understand the diversity and distinct
expression of land that each wine reflects. The brand will feature numerous
wines with the aim to continually bring consumers new regions and varietals each
vintage, as opposed to attempting to replicate a popular wine the next year.

Porter & Plot's philosophy is all about discovery and attention to details - not
just what type of wine it is, but also its origin. Their first selections --
which include a 2013 Columbia Valley Pinot Gris, 2012 Edna Valley Single
Vineyard Pinot Noir and a 2013 Costières de Nîmes - are drinking experiences
that are refined and complex, yet priced to be enjoyed every day for less than
$20. The offering proves that wine drinkers, whether new or experienced, never
have to settle for less knowing they have a great porter.

Porter & Plot will introduce their first three varietals through interactive
tastings in New York, San Francisco, and Los Angeles where tastemakers, experts,
and wine drinkers eager to learn more will get the first taste. Each event will
walk tasters through a journey that exposes them to a full sensory experience,
guiding them through a whole new way to enjoy wine.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              June 25, 2006 Sunday
                                 Idaho Edition

WEEK AHEAD;

SECTION: G; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 375 words


TUESDAY

Spokane County Variety Plot Tour - Washington State University Extension is
presenting this tour of research plots in southern Spokane County today at 7
a.m. at Fairfield, Wash., City Park. For more information, call Diana Roberts at
WSU/Spokane County Extension at (509) 477-2167.

Lincoln County Variety Plot Tour - Washington State University Extension is
presenting this tour of research plots in Harrington, Wash., at 2 p.m. today at
the Kramer farm; in Reardan, Wash., at 7 p.m. Thursday at Hal Johnson's farm;
and in Almira, Wash., at 7 p.m. Friday. For directions or for more information,
call Diana Roberts at WSU/Spokane County Extension at (509) 477-2167.

WEDNESDAY

Recordkeeping Basics - SCORE, Counselors to America's Small Business, is
presenting this class that will discuss how and why you should keep good
business records today from 8 a.m.-noon at BIZstreet, 801 W. Riverside Ave.,
#240. The cost is $35 prepaid and $45 at the door. For more information call
Billie Moreland at (509) 353-2800.

THURSDAY

Go Small Biz - Go Small Biz is presenting this breakfast meeting featuring
Timothy Mescon of Cole's College of Business at Kennesaw State University in
Atlanta today from 7:30-8:30 a.m. at the Best Western at Pheasant Hill, 12415 E.
Mission Ave. Reservations are required. Call by Wednesday at (509) 262-0209.

Employment and the Law Seminar - The Coeur d'Alene Chamber of Commerce is
presenting this seminar that will feature Brenda Smith, an employment law
facilitator, today from 8-11:45 a.m. in the student union building of North
Idaho College in Coeur d'Alene. For more information, call Toni Sayler at (208)
415-0112.

CONVENTIONS

Northwest Association of Schools and of Colleges and Universities -
Sunday-Monday at the Shilo Inn Spokane. 76 delegates

Serra International Annual June International Convention - Wednesday-July 2 at
the Spokane Convention Center, the Doubletree Hotel Spokane City Center, and the
Red Lion Hotel at the Park. 1430 delegates.

Washington State Coalition Against Domestic Violence Shelter Rules Meeting -
Thursday-Friday at the Red Lion River Inn. 50 delegates

United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism, USY On Wheels, 2006 - Friday-July 2.
Quality Inn Medical Center, 45 delegates.

TYPE: Column

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Telegraph (Australia)

                              July 9, 2006 Sunday
                                 State Edition

US foils plot to bomb tunnels

BYLINE: DANIEL TROTTA

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 422  words


US authorities thwarted a plot to attack New York's mass transit system later
this year, leading to the arrest in Lebanon of a plotter who confessed.

The plot targeted a rail tunnel linking New York and New Jersey.

The FBI and the Department of Homeland Security said a ''terrorist network'' was
disrupted.

Lebanese sources previously had confirmed the arrest of Asem Hammoud -- also
identified as Amir al-Andalousi -- ''who is a suspect in a plot to bomb a tunnel
in New York'', a government source said.

Lebanon's Interior Ministry said the plan targeted tunnels under the Hudson
River, which separates Manhattan from New Jersey.

''After questioning he confessed ... that he was planning to travel to Pakistan
for four months training and that the date for the attack was decided to be late
in 2006,'' the ministry said.

The alleged plot was ''a big terrorist operation against metro tunnels in New
York City under the Hudson River'', it said.

There are several tunnels connecting Manhattan and New Jersey under the Hudson
River -- the Lincoln and Holland tunnels for cars and buses, as well as tunnels
for subway trains from New Jersey and commuter and regional trains.

The intent was to flood the Wall St financial district, but experts said a blast
inside would not have flooded Lower Manhattan.

Wall St is about 3km from the tunnel, which is dug under bedrock and firmly
reinforced with concrete and steel.

The months-old plot was uncovered by monitoring Internet chat rooms. The report
was published on the first anniversary of the London suicide bombings, which
claimed 52 lives.

It was the second recent domestic threat authorities have said they broke up in
the early stages, following the arrest of seven people last month on suspicion
of a plan to attack the Sears Tower in Chicago.

''We have disrupted a terrorist network that was in the planning stages of an
attack against the transportation system in the New York-New Jersey area.

''A significant development in this investigation was the arrest of a key
suspect by Lebanese authorities. This investigation is ongoing,'' the FBI and
the Department of Homeland Security said.

They also suggested the network was linked to al-Qaeda, and the Daily News
reported it was linked to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the al-Qaeda leader in Iraq who
was killed recently by US forces.

''We know al-Qaeda continues to have an interest in attacking the United States.
At this point in time, there is no specific or credible information that
al-Qaeda is planning an attack on US soil,'' the US statement said.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MATP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STE


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                           October 12, 2011 Wednesday

Two Iranians charged over alleged major terror attack on US

LENGTH: 636  words


Manssor Arbabsiar and Gholam Shakuri, an alleged member of a secret Iranian
military unit, are charged with plotting to kill the Saudi ambassador to the
United States as part of a major attack.

WASHINGTON // Two Iranians have been charged over plans to kill the Saudi
ambassador to the United States as part of a major terror attack in a "plot
directed by elements of the Iranian government" .

The plan called for the assassination of Ambassador Adel Al Jubeir in an
explosives attack, which could have killed many other people and would have been
just "the opening act" in an attack on US soil, Justice Department officials
said.

Manssor Arbabsiar, a 56-year-old naturalised US citizen holding both Iranian and
US passports, and Gholam Shakuri, an alleged member of a secret Iranian military
unit, are charged with plotting the attacks, said officials.

The US Attorney General, Eric Holder, who held a news conference yesterday after
the alleged plot was unveiled, said that the US will hold Iran responsible for
any terrorist actions tied to the plot, which he said was sponsored by the
Iranian government. He called the conspiracy a "flagrant" violation of
international law.

He said the two men were connected to the secretive Quds Force, a division of
Iran's elite Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps that has carried out operations
in other countries. Mr Holder said that money in support of the plot had been
transferred through a bank in New York, but that the men had not yet obtained
any explosives.

Mr Shakuri remains at large. Mr Arbabsiar was arrested on September 29 at New
York's John F Kennedy International Airport and was to make his initial
appearance yesterday before in federal court in Manhattan. He faces a maximum
potential sentence of life in prison if convicted of all the charges.

"The criminal complaint unsealed today exposes a deadly plot directed by
factions of the Iranian government to assassinate a foreign ambassador on US
soil with explosives," Mr Holder said.

"Through the diligent and coordinated efforts of our law enforcement and
intelligence agencies, we were able to disrupt this plot before anyone was
harmed. We will continue to investigate this matter vigorously and bring those
who have violated any laws to justice."

Mr Holder said the plot was "conceived, sponsored and directed from Iran."

News reports said the plot also included a bomb and subsequent bomb attacks on
the Saudi and Israeli embassies in Washington.

The case, called Operation Red Coalition, began in May when an Iranian-American
from Corpus Christi, Texas, approached a US informant seeking the help of a
Mexican drug cartel to assassinate the Saudi ambassador, according to
counter-terrorism officials.

The Iranian-American thought he was dealing with a member of a Mexican drug
organisation, according to documents.

The US said Mr Arbabsiar allegedly conspired with Mr Shakuri, a member of Iran's
"Quds Force", described as "the most secret of the Iranian regime's numerous
military organisations" by the Iran Terror Database.

The United States will contact governments worldwide to brief them on the
alleged plot, Mr Holder said. "One thing that we will be doing is getting in
touch with other of our allies and nations around the world to make them aware
of what it is that was thwarted here," he said.

The US president Barack Obama was first briefed on the development in June, and
ordered his aides to fully support the investigation, an official said.

FBI Director Robert Mueller said: "It reads like the pages of a Hollywood
script. We send a clear message that any attempts on American soil will not be
tolerated."

The two men are charged with five counts including conspiracy to murder a
foreign official and conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction. They may
face as much as life in prison if convicted.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2011 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                              July 9, 2010 Friday

UK's airline bomb plotters convicted

LENGTH: 449  words

DATELINE: London


London, July 9 -- Three Muslim men have been found guilty of plotting to murder
hundreds of people in the longest-running terrorism trial in Britain's history.
The men had been recruited in 2006 by the ringleader of the airline bomb plot.

The three men were among eight tried in connection with an Al Qaeda-inspired
plot to detonate homemade liquid bombs on transatlantic jets.

Ibrahim Savant, Arafat Khan and Waheed Zaman, all from east London, were
convicted of conspiracy to murder by a jury at Woolwich Crown Court.

Last year a jury had cleared the trio of their role in targeting aeroplanes, but
were put on trial again to face charges of conspiracy to murder.

A Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) spokesman said the jury found all three men
guilty on Thursday. They face life imprisonment.

The verdicts come nearly four years after the police and MI5 smashed the largest
ever terrorist plot in the UK. Counter-terrorist police and the security
services spent more than &#163;35 million foiling the plot and bringing Ali and
the others to justice.

The arrest of the gang in August 2006 sparked tight restrictions on carrying
liquids on to aircraft which initially caused travel chaos.

The head of the plot, Abdulla Ahmed Ali, had planned to target seven
transatlantic airliners with a co-ordinated strike by suicide bombers.

The plot involved smuggling liquid bombs in drinks bottles on to planes bound
for North America. The hydrogen peroxide devices would have been assembled and
detonated in mid-air by a team of suicide bombers.

Ali singled out seven flights to San Francisco, Toronto, Montreal, Washington,
New York and Chicago that departed within two and a half hours of each other. If
successful, the explosions could have exceeded the carnage of the September 11
attacks.

The jury rejected the defence of Ali, Sarwar, and Hussain that the plot was an
elaborate publicity stunt.

Prosecutors said that 'martyrdom videos' recorded by the trio proved they were
willing to sacrifice their lives, even if at the time of their arrest there was
insufficient evidence to prove they had known what the targets would be.

In a statement, the Crown Prosecution Service's head of counter-terrorism, Sue
Hemming, said, "The charges against these men were so serious that, following
two previous trials where juries could not reach verdicts, the director of
public prosecutions decided that the evidence must be properly tested before a
jury for a third time.

"The verdicts demonstrate that the Crown Prosecution Service was right to pursue
a third trial." Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For
more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                             April 2, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Gift of cemetery plot means blues legend will rest near home

BYLINE: Terry Pender, RECORD STAFF

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 594  words

DATELINE: KITCHENER


Mel Brown, the legendary bluesman from Mississippi, who called this city home
for the past 20 years, will be buried in a donated cemetery plot in the area.

The interment will be a strictly private affair for family and close friends and
the location of the famed blues guitarist's grave will not be made public until
afterwards.

Brown was born in Jackson, Miss. on Oct. 7, 1939 and died on March 20 in St.
Mary's Hospital from emphysema-related complications.

After living in Los Angeles, Nashville, Hawaii, New York and Austin, Brown
settled on Cameron Street in downtown Kitchener with his longtime wife Miss
Angel.

In a lasting sign of profound respect and affection, a cemetery plot was given
to Miss Angel so Brown could be buried here.

"Mel wanted to be buried in Kitchener," said Andrew Galloway, president of
Electro-Fi Records.

Galloway worked with Brown and Miss Angel during the past 10 years as the blues
master released several CDs on the Electro-Fi label.

"Somebody through a friend of a friend, somebody who has a cemetery just outside
of town heard about it and just gave Miss Angel a plot for him," Galloway said.

"You guys always made him feel so welcome. He always appreciated that. Kitchener
was home to him," Galloway said.

Hundreds of people are expected to attend the funeral service that begins
Saturday at 1 p.m. in the Gig Music Hall at 137 Ontario St., N.

"It's open to the public, that's why Miss Angel moved it to the Gig Theatre, so
as many people as possible could be there," Galloway said.

There will, of course, be music.

Mel Brown's band The Homewreckers and Shawn Kellerman will do a number, Diana
Braithwaite and Chris Whiteley, Steven Strongman and Julian Fauth will also
perform.

"Miss Angel really wants to focus on it being a celebration of Mel's life and
how much he loved being in Kitchener," Galloway said.

A few years ago Brown travelled with Miss Angel back to Mississippi for an
extended visit with her family.

While there Miss Angel introduced Brown to the pastor of the local Baptist
church she had attended while growing up. Brown wasn't big on religion but he
was taken with the Rev. Bobby Bowen. He came back to the church to play organ
and work with the choir, and didn't miss a Sunday service during his visit.

"Mel got to know him and they got on very well and he is coming up to do the
service," Galloway said.

Since his death, national news organizations, including The Globe and Mail, CTV
National News and Saturday Night Blues on CBC Radio carried detailed stories
about Brown's life and music. This coming Saturday CBC Radio's Big City Small
World will have a segment on Brown.

The funeral service will be broadcast live on the web at
www.popularminority.com.

After the funeral service and reception at the Gig Music Hall on Saturday, the
downtown business association has organized a Mel Brown Commemorative Blues Jam
to be held from 4 to 8 p.m. at Bobby O'Brien's at 125 King St., W.

"We wanted to do something in memory of Mel," said Moya Spruce of Tri-City Music
and the Kitchener Downtown Business Association.

Following the jam, the Grand River Blues Society will stage A Tribute to Billie
Holiday, which begins at 8 p.m. in the Gig Music Hall as well.

Tickets are $20 for the tribute, which is the society's annual fundraiser for
its Blues in the School Program. They can be purchased at the Orange Monkey in
Waterloo, Encore Records in Kitchener, MacAulays Music in Cambridge and Ground
Floor Music in Guelph or on www.ticketscene.ca.

"It's going to be a full day of blues in the core," Spruce said.

tpender@therecord.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: IAN WILLMS, RECORD FILE PHOTO , Mel Brown, who died March 20,
will be buried in a plot near Kitchener.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NEWS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             March 11, 2007 Sunday

Garden plots available;
Bonsai event Master Gardener

BYLINE: Sunday News Staff

SECTION: G; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 458  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA




The public is invited to rent garden plots such as the one shown above at
Lancaster County Central Park.

The Lancaster County Department of Parks and Recreation has garden plots
available for rent April 15 through Oct. 15; applications are currently being
accepted.

Lancaster County residents may select either a 20x20-foot plot, $16, or 20x40,
$20. The garden area is located off Farm View Drive, just off Golf Road in
Lancaster County Central Park.

Gardeners of all skill levels are welcome to grow their own flowers and
vegetables. Organic plots are also available; these plots have been free of
pesticides and herbides for more than three years.

The Parks Department and Penn State Cooperative Extension Master Gardeners
Program will also offer a variety of garden workshops; sessions will be held
from 7 to 8 p.m., unless otherwise noted, at the Environmental Center, off
Eshelman Mill Road in Central Park.

The workshops include:

"Garden Preparation and Vegetable/Plant Selection," Tuesday, March 20; attendees
may bring a soil sample and purchase an analysis kit.

"Garden Layout and Staking," 9:30 to 10:30 a.m. Saturday, April 21, at the
garden plots off Farm View Drive; will cover special planting methods for
potatoes, tomatoes and root crops.

"Intermediate Pruning," Tuesday, May 15; includes tools and techniques for
perennials.

"Landscaping," Tuesday, June 19; with site analysis and how to select the right
plant for the right place.

There is a $1 fee per workshop session. Those who rent a garden plot at Central
Park may attend free of charge; preregistration is required.

Call the parks office, 299-8251, to register for a plot or workshop.n

Lancaster Bonsai Society will hold its inaugural Spring Symposium 8:30 a.m. to 9
p.m. Saturday, March 24, and 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday, March 25, at the Courtyard
by Marriott-Lancaster, 1931 Hospitality Drive.

The event will feature the following:

A lecture and demonstration by David Easterbrook, curator at the Montreal
(Canada) Botanical Gardens.

Lectures by bonsai authority Jim Doyle, owner of Nature's Way Nursery,
Harrisburg.

A raffle of the featured demonstration tree, bonsai plants and supplies.

An exhibit of the LBS bonsai trees.

A bonsai marketplace.

Registration is required; $70 for both days; $50 for Saturday only; $30 for
Sunday only. See www.lancasterbonsai.com or call Jeff Howe, LBS president,
295-5403.n

The Penn State Master Gardener Symposium will be held from 8 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.
Saturday, March 17, at the Farm and Home Center, 1383 Arcadia Road.

The cost for the all-day event is $52.

Seating is limited, and registration will be accepted on a first-come,
first-served basis.

For information, call the Lancaster County Cooperative Extension Office at
394-6851 or e-mail srw12@psu.edu.n

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                               February 27, 2017

                          El Maniel International Inc

                              244 5th Ave Ste F268
                            NEW YORK,  NY 10001-7604
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-212-7262163
FAX: 1-917-6778747
URL: Home Page: http://www.elmaniel.us/
E-MAIL: ir@elmaniel.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: EMLL
CUSIP: 283284107
IRS No.: 562672870
CIK: 0001423036
ISIN: US2832841074
SEDOL: B3BX1R2
Reuters Instrument Code: EMLL.PK
Display RIC: EMLL.PK

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: July 24, 2007
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: Nevada
LEGAL STATUS: Equity Issue
OPERATING STATUS: Active

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *



OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
NAME            CURRENT TITLE (DATE)      OFFICER      DIRECTOR     AGE   SEX
                                          SINCE        SINCE
Barbara Tejeda  Chairman of the Board,    2007         2007         42    F
                President, Chief
                Executive Officer, Chief
                Financial Officer (2009)
Rafael Tejeda   Secretary, Director       2007         2007         50    M
                (2007)

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   El Maniel International, Inc. (El Maniel), incorporated on July 24, 2007, is
a development-stage company. The Company focuses on its projects in the gold
business, including but not limited to trading, prospecting, developing and
expanding its mining claims located in Papua New Guinea of Australasia and Ghana
of West Africa.

   The Company's projects in Papua New Guinea include the Misima project and the
Enga project. The Misima project has a total land area of 108 acres. The Misima
alluvial gold mining claim is located at the Bulpat Creek of Misima Island,
which is located in the Milne Bay Province of Papua New Guinea. The alluvial
Enga project is located at the Timun River of Enga Province in Papua New Guinea
which has a conservative estimated gold reserve of around 270,000 ounces.

   The Company's projects in Ghana, West Africa include gold business domain-
plot A and plot B, gold business domain-plot C and gold business domain-plot D1.
The gold business domain-plot A and plot B totaling 200 acres of alluvial gold
mining claims are situated in the gold belt of the Western Region of Ghana, West
Africa, which is known as the Ashanti Gold Belt, is located in Ghana's Golden
Triangle. The gold business domain-plot C is a 25 acres of alluvial gold mining
claim, which is also known as Kumasko Project is situated in the Upper Denkyira
District, Bosomase, Ghana, West Africa. The gold business domain-plot D1 is a 50
acres gold mining claim situated approximately 80 kilometers North of Accra in
the Kibi-Winneba Basin of the Eastern Region of Ghana under the Kibi-Winneba
gold belt.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
212221 - Gold Ore Mining
SIC CODES:
1041 - Gold Ores
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Zhaojin Mining Industry Company Limited
     ·    Goldcorp Inc.
     ·    Newcrest Mining Limited
     ·    Hunan Gold Corp Ltd
     ·    Kinross Gold Corporation


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: September 30, 2012

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Industry
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170227

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    09/30/2012      09/30/2011      09/30/2010
Cash and Short Term                         25              20               0
Investments
Total Current Assets                       285             205               0
Property/Plant/Equipment,                2,954           2,454           2,050
Total - Net
Total Assets                             3,239           2,659           2,072



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    09/30/2012      09/30/2011      09/30/2010
Accounts Payable                           358             286              18
Notes Payable/Short Term Debt              154              12              54
Total Current Liabilities                  515             299              72
Total Debt                               1,150           1,058              54
Total Liabilities                        1,511           1,345              72



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    09/30/2012      09/30/2011      09/30/2010
Other Equity                             1,729           1,314           2,000
Other Equity, Total                      1,729           1,314           2,000
Total Equity                             1,729           1,314           2,000
Total Liabilities &                      3,239           2,659           2,072
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock          10,486,661       4,836,936       2,892,110
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                 10,486,661       4,836,936       2,892,110
Outstanding



FOOTNOTE
                                    09/30/2012      09/30/2011      09/30/2010
Other Property/Plant/Equipment           2,954           2,454           2,050
- Net



RATIOS
                                    09/30/2012      09/30/2011      09/30/2010
Total Current Assets less                   25              20               0
Inventory('000 USD)
Quick Ratio                                  0               0               0
Current Ratio                                1               1               0
Net Debt('000 USD)                       1,125           1,039              53
Tangible Book Value('000 USD)            1,729           1,314           2,000
Tangible Book Value per Share                0               0               0
(USD)

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    09/30/2012      09/30/2011      09/30/2010
Selling/General/Administrative             526             342             186
Expense
Selling/General/Admin.                     526             342             186
Expenses, Total
Total Operating Expense                    526             342             156
Operating Income                         (139)            (15)           (156)
Net Income Before Taxes                  (139)            (15)           (158)
Net Income After Taxes                   (139)            (15)           (158)
Net Income Before Extra. Items           (139)            (15)           (158)
Income Available to Com Excl             (139)            (15)           (158)
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares       10,486,661       4,836,936       2,892,110
Diluted Weighted Average            10,486,661       4,836,936       2,892,110
Shares



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    09/30/2012      09/30/2011      09/30/2010
Net Income                               (139)            (15)           (158)
Income Available to Com Incl             (139)            (15)           (158)
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    09/30/2012      09/30/2011      09/30/2010
Normalized Income Before Taxes           (139)            (15)           (200)
Normalized Income After Taxes            (139)            (15)           (200)
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.            (139)            (15)           (200)



RATIOS
                                    09/30/2012      09/30/2011      09/30/2010
Normalized EBIT('000 USD)                (139)            (15)           (198)
Normalized EBITDA('000 USD)              (139)            (15)           (198)



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    09/30/2012      09/30/2011      09/30/2010
Diluted Net Income                           0               0               0

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    09/30/2012      09/30/2011      09/30/2010
Net Income/Starting Line                 (139)            (15)           (158)
Cash from Operating Activities           (139)            (15)           (141)
Short Term Debt Issued                     194              12             161
Short Term Debt, Net                       144              12              95
Issuance (Retirement) of Debt,             144              12              95
Net
Cash from Financing Activities             144              12             148
Net Change in Cash                           5             (3)               6
Net Cash - Beginning Balance                20              22               1
Net Cash - Ending Balance                   25              20               0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             285
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            285
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             3,239
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            3,239
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,949
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           1,729
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,729
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,314
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              25
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              25
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              260
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  260
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              515
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            515
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              1,511
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            1,511
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             996
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            996
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              1,729
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,729
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,150
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               1,150
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (139)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (102)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (139)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                             0
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     18
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .13
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .69
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  30.75
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      30.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          79.58
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.59
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               34.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .07
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         35.51
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             35.51
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             39.96
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            39.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          80.51
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -6.55
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       21.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   21.83
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          301.04
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -107.71
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       60.95
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -825.13
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -825.13
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          36.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            18.35
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          18.35
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -6.56
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           (15)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (15)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (139)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      (15)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                              (15)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (15)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      (139)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                               (15)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              (139)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                387
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    142
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                327
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      387
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (139)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          (139)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                     0
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              (139)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -8.49
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.71
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -1.81
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               -.63
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -4.71
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -13.05
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -9.12
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -3.36
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               -.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -9.12
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -9.52
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -5.46
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -2.13
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -5.46
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
quarter ('000 USD)
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                0
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                     0
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                                0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                               0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                             0
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  0
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                0
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              0
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  0
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.57
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.74
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.92
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         2.57
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .57
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .57
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -75.11
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -35.86
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -73.98
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -10.24
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.86
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -35.86
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -4.59
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -73.68
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -10.24
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -35.86
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.86
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.59
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -73.98
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -10.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           135.86
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          110.24
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            135.86
Float                                                                  9,936.66
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            994
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                          4,836.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                         7,599.16
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                      10,486.66
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                     10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                      10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                          10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                         4,836.94
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                           9,936.66
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                      4,836.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                         7,599.16
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                           100.00



Cash Flow
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             285
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            285
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             3,239
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            3,239
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,949
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           1,729
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,729
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,314
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              25
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              25
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              260
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  260
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              515
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            515
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              1,511
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            1,511
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             996
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            996
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              1,729
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,729
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,150
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               1,150
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (139)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (102)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (139)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                             0
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     18
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .13
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .69
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  30.75
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      30.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          79.58
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.59
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               34.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .07
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         35.51
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             35.51
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             39.96
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            39.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          80.51
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -6.55
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       21.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   21.83
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          301.04
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -107.71
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       60.95
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -825.13
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -825.13
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          36.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            18.35
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          18.35
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -6.56
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           (15)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (15)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (139)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      (15)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                              (15)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (15)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      (139)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                               (15)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              (139)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                387
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    142
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                327
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      387
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (139)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          (139)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                     0
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              (139)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -8.49
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.71
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -1.81
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               -.63
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -4.71
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -13.05
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -9.12
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -3.36
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               -.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -9.12
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -9.52
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -5.46
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -2.13
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -5.46
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
quarter ('000 USD)
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                0
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                     0
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                                0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                               0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                             0
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  0
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                0
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              0
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  0
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.57
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.74
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.92
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         2.57
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .57
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .57
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -75.11
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -35.86
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -73.98
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -10.24
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.86
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -35.86
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -4.59
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -73.68
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -10.24
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -35.86
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.86
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.59
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -73.98
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -10.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           135.86
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          110.24
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            135.86
Float                                                                  9,936.66
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            994
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                          4,836.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                         7,599.16
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                      10,486.66
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                     10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                      10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                          10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                         4,836.94
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                           9,936.66
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                      4,836.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                         7,599.16
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                           100.00



Descriptive
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             285
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            285
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             3,239
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            3,239
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,949
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           1,729
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,729
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,314
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              25
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              25
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              260
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  260
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              515
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            515
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              1,511
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            1,511
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             996
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            996
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              1,729
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,729
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,150
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               1,150
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (139)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (102)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (139)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                             0
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     18
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .13
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .69
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  30.75
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      30.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          79.58
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.59
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               34.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .07
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         35.51
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             35.51
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             39.96
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            39.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          80.51
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -6.55
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       21.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   21.83
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          301.04
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -107.71
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       60.95
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -825.13
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -825.13
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          36.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            18.35
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          18.35
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -6.56
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           (15)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (15)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (139)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      (15)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                              (15)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (15)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      (139)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                               (15)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              (139)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                387
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    142
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                327
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      387
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (139)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          (139)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                     0
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              (139)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -8.49
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.71
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -1.81
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               -.63
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -4.71
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -13.05
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -9.12
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -3.36
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               -.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -9.12
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -9.52
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -5.46
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -2.13
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -5.46
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
quarter ('000 USD)
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                0
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                     0
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                                0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                               0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                             0
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  0
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                0
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              0
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  0
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.57
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.74
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.92
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         2.57
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .57
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .57
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -75.11
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -35.86
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -73.98
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -10.24
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.86
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -35.86
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -4.59
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -73.68
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -10.24
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -35.86
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.86
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.59
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -73.98
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -10.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           135.86
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          110.24
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            135.86
Float                                                                  9,936.66
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            994
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                          4,836.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                         7,599.16
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                      10,486.66
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                     10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                      10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                          10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                         4,836.94
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                           9,936.66
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                      4,836.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                         7,599.16
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                           100.00



Efficiency Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             285
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            285
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             3,239
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            3,239
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,949
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           1,729
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,729
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,314
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              25
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              25
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              260
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  260
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              515
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            515
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              1,511
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            1,511
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             996
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            996
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              1,729
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,729
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,150
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               1,150
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (139)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (102)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (139)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                             0
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     18
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .13
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .69
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  30.75
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      30.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          79.58
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.59
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               34.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .07
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         35.51
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             35.51
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             39.96
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            39.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          80.51
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -6.55
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       21.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   21.83
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          301.04
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -107.71
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       60.95
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -825.13
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -825.13
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          36.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            18.35
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          18.35
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -6.56
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           (15)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (15)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (139)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      (15)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                              (15)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (15)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      (139)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                               (15)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              (139)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                387
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    142
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                327
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      387
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (139)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          (139)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                     0
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              (139)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -8.49
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.71
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -1.81
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               -.63
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -4.71
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -13.05
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -9.12
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -3.36
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               -.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -9.12
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -9.52
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -5.46
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -2.13
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -5.46
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
quarter ('000 USD)
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                0
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                     0
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                                0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                               0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                             0
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  0
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                0
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              0
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  0
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.57
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.74
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.92
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         2.57
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .57
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .57
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -75.11
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -35.86
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -73.98
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -10.24
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.86
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -35.86
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -4.59
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -73.68
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -10.24
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -35.86
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.86
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.59
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -73.98
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -10.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           135.86
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          110.24
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            135.86
Float                                                                  9,936.66
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            994
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                          4,836.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                         7,599.16
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                      10,486.66
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                     10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                      10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                          10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                         4,836.94
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                           9,936.66
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                      4,836.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                         7,599.16
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                           100.00



Financial Strength
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             285
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            285
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             3,239
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            3,239
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,949
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           1,729
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,729
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,314
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              25
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              25
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              260
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  260
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              515
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            515
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              1,511
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            1,511
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             996
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            996
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              1,729
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,729
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,150
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               1,150
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (139)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (102)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (139)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                             0
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     18
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .13
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .69
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  30.75
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      30.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          79.58
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.59
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               34.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .07
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         35.51
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             35.51
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             39.96
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            39.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          80.51
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -6.55
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       21.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   21.83
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          301.04
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -107.71
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       60.95
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -825.13
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -825.13
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          36.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            18.35
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          18.35
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -6.56
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           (15)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (15)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (139)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      (15)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                              (15)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (15)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      (139)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                               (15)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              (139)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                387
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    142
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                327
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      387
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (139)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          (139)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                     0
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              (139)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -8.49
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.71
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -1.81
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               -.63
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -4.71
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -13.05
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -9.12
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -3.36
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               -.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -9.12
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -9.52
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -5.46
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -2.13
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -5.46
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
quarter ('000 USD)
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                0
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                     0
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                                0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                               0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                             0
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  0
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                0
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              0
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  0
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.57
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.74
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.92
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         2.57
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .57
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .57
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -75.11
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -35.86
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -73.98
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -10.24
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.86
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -35.86
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -4.59
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -73.68
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -10.24
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -35.86
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.86
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.59
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -73.98
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -10.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           135.86
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          110.24
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            135.86
Float                                                                  9,936.66
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            994
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                          4,836.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                         7,599.16
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                      10,486.66
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                     10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                      10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                          10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                         4,836.94
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                           9,936.66
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                      4,836.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                         7,599.16
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                           100.00



Growth Rates
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             285
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            285
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             3,239
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            3,239
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,949
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           1,729
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,729
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,314
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              25
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              25
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              260
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  260
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              515
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            515
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              1,511
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            1,511
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             996
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            996
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              1,729
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,729
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,150
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               1,150
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (139)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (102)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (139)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                             0
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     18
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .13
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .69
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  30.75
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      30.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          79.58
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.59
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               34.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .07
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         35.51
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             35.51
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             39.96
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            39.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          80.51
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -6.55
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       21.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   21.83
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          301.04
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -107.71
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       60.95
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -825.13
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -825.13
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          36.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            18.35
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          18.35
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -6.56
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           (15)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (15)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (139)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      (15)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                              (15)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (15)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      (139)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                               (15)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              (139)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                387
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    142
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                327
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      387
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (139)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          (139)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                     0
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              (139)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -8.49
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.71
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -1.81
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               -.63
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -4.71
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -13.05
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -9.12
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -3.36
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               -.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -9.12
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -9.52
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -5.46
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -2.13
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -5.46
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
quarter ('000 USD)
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                0
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                     0
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                                0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                               0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                             0
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  0
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                0
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              0
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  0
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.57
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.74
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.92
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         2.57
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .57
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .57
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -75.11
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -35.86
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -73.98
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -10.24
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.86
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -35.86
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -4.59
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -73.68
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -10.24
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -35.86
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.86
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.59
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -73.98
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -10.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           135.86
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          110.24
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            135.86
Float                                                                  9,936.66
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            994
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                          4,836.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                         7,599.16
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                      10,486.66
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                     10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                      10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                          10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                         4,836.94
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                           9,936.66
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                      4,836.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                         7,599.16
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                           100.00



Income Statement
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             285
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            285
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             3,239
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            3,239
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,949
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           1,729
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,729
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,314
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              25
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              25
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              260
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  260
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              515
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            515
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              1,511
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            1,511
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             996
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            996
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              1,729
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,729
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,150
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               1,150
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (139)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (102)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (139)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                             0
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     18
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .13
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .69
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  30.75
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      30.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          79.58
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.59
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               34.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .07
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         35.51
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             35.51
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             39.96
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            39.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          80.51
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -6.55
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       21.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   21.83
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          301.04
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -107.71
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       60.95
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -825.13
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -825.13
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          36.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            18.35
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          18.35
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -6.56
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           (15)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (15)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (139)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      (15)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                              (15)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (15)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      (139)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                               (15)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              (139)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                387
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    142
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                327
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      387
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (139)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          (139)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                     0
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              (139)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -8.49
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.71
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -1.81
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               -.63
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -4.71
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -13.05
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -9.12
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -3.36
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               -.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -9.12
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -9.52
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -5.46
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -2.13
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -5.46
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
quarter ('000 USD)
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                0
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                     0
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                                0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                               0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                             0
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  0
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                0
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              0
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  0
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.57
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.74
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.92
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         2.57
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .57
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .57
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -75.11
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -35.86
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -73.98
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -10.24
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.86
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -35.86
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -4.59
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -73.68
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -10.24
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -35.86
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.86
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.59
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -73.98
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -10.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           135.86
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          110.24
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            135.86
Float                                                                  9,936.66
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            994
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                          4,836.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                         7,599.16
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                      10,486.66
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                     10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                      10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                          10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                         4,836.94
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                           9,936.66
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                      4,836.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                         7,599.16
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                           100.00



Management Effectiveness
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             285
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            285
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             3,239
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            3,239
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,949
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           1,729
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,729
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,314
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              25
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              25
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              260
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  260
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              515
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            515
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              1,511
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            1,511
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             996
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            996
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              1,729
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,729
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,150
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               1,150
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (139)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (102)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (139)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                             0
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     18
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .13
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .69
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  30.75
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      30.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          79.58
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.59
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               34.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .07
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         35.51
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             35.51
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             39.96
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            39.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          80.51
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -6.55
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       21.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   21.83
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          301.04
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -107.71
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       60.95
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -825.13
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -825.13
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          36.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            18.35
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          18.35
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -6.56
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           (15)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (15)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (139)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      (15)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                              (15)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (15)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      (139)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                               (15)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              (139)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                387
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    142
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                327
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      387
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (139)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          (139)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                     0
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              (139)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -8.49
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.71
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -1.81
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               -.63
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -4.71
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -13.05
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -9.12
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -3.36
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               -.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -9.12
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -9.52
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -5.46
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -2.13
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -5.46
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
quarter ('000 USD)
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                0
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                     0
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                                0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                               0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                             0
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  0
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                0
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              0
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  0
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.57
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.74
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.92
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         2.57
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .57
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .57
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -75.11
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -35.86
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -73.98
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -10.24
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.86
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -35.86
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -4.59
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -73.68
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -10.24
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -35.86
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.86
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.59
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -73.98
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -10.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           135.86
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          110.24
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            135.86
Float                                                                  9,936.66
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            994
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                          4,836.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                         7,599.16
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                      10,486.66
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                     10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                      10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                          10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                         4,836.94
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                           9,936.66
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                      4,836.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                         7,599.16
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                           100.00



Per Share Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             285
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            285
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             3,239
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            3,239
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,949
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           1,729
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,729
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,314
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              25
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              25
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              260
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  260
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              515
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            515
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              1,511
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            1,511
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             996
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            996
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              1,729
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,729
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,150
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               1,150
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (139)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (102)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (139)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                             0
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     18
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .13
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .69
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  30.75
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      30.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          79.58
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.59
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               34.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .07
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         35.51
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             35.51
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             39.96
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            39.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          80.51
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -6.55
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       21.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   21.83
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          301.04
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -107.71
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       60.95
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -825.13
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -825.13
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          36.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            18.35
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          18.35
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -6.56
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           (15)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (15)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (139)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      (15)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                              (15)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (15)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      (139)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                               (15)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              (139)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                387
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    142
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                327
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      387
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (139)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          (139)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                     0
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              (139)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -8.49
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.71
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -1.81
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               -.63
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -4.71
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -13.05
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -9.12
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -3.36
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               -.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -9.12
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -9.52
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -5.46
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -2.13
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -5.46
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
quarter ('000 USD)
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                0
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                     0
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                                0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                               0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                             0
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  0
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                0
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              0
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  0
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.57
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.74
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.92
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         2.57
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .57
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .57
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -75.11
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -35.86
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -73.98
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -10.24
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.86
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -35.86
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -4.59
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -73.68
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -10.24
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -35.86
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.86
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.59
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -73.98
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -10.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           135.86
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          110.24
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            135.86
Float                                                                  9,936.66
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            994
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                          4,836.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                         7,599.16
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                      10,486.66
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                     10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                      10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                          10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                         4,836.94
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                           9,936.66
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                      4,836.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                         7,599.16
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                           100.00



Price Related
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             285
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            285
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             3,239
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            3,239
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,949
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           1,729
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,729
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,314
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              25
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              25
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              260
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  260
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              515
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            515
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              1,511
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            1,511
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             996
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            996
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              1,729
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,729
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,150
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               1,150
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (139)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (102)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (139)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                             0
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     18
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .13
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .69
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  30.75
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      30.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          79.58
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.59
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               34.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .07
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         35.51
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             35.51
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             39.96
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            39.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          80.51
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -6.55
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       21.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   21.83
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          301.04
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -107.71
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       60.95
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -825.13
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -825.13
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          36.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            18.35
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          18.35
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -6.56
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           (15)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (15)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (139)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      (15)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                              (15)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (15)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      (139)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                               (15)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              (139)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                387
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    142
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                327
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      387
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (139)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          (139)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                     0
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              (139)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -8.49
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.71
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -1.81
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               -.63
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -4.71
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -13.05
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -9.12
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -3.36
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               -.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -9.12
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -9.52
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -5.46
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -2.13
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -5.46
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
quarter ('000 USD)
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                0
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                     0
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                                0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                               0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                             0
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  0
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                0
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              0
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  0
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.57
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.74
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.92
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         2.57
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .57
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .57
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -75.11
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -35.86
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -73.98
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -10.24
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.86
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -35.86
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -4.59
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -73.68
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -10.24
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -35.86
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.86
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.59
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -73.98
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -10.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           135.86
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          110.24
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            135.86
Float                                                                  9,936.66
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            994
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                          4,836.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                         7,599.16
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                      10,486.66
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                     10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                      10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                          10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                         4,836.94
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                           9,936.66
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                      4,836.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                         7,599.16
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                           100.00



Profitability Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             285
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            285
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             3,239
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            3,239
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,949
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           1,729
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,729
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,314
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              25
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              25
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              260
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  260
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              515
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            515
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              1,511
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            1,511
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             996
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            996
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              1,729
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,729
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,150
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               1,150
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (139)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (102)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (139)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                             0
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     18
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .13
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .69
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  30.75
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      30.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          79.58
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.59
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               34.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .07
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         35.51
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             35.51
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             39.96
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            39.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          80.51
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -6.55
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       21.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   21.83
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          301.04
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -107.71
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       60.95
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -825.13
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -825.13
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          36.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            18.35
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          18.35
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -6.56
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           (15)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (15)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (139)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      (15)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                              (15)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (15)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      (139)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                               (15)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              (139)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                387
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    142
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                327
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      387
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (139)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          (139)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                     0
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              (139)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -8.49
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.71
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -1.81
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               -.63
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -4.71
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -13.05
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -9.12
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -3.36
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               -.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -9.12
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -9.52
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -5.46
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -2.13
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -5.46
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
quarter ('000 USD)
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                0
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                     0
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                                0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                               0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                             0
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  0
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                0
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              0
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  0
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.57
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.74
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.92
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         2.57
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .57
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .57
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -75.11
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -35.86
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -73.98
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -10.24
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.86
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -35.86
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -4.59
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -73.68
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -10.24
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -35.86
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.86
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.59
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -73.98
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -10.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           135.86
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          110.24
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            135.86
Float                                                                  9,936.66
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            994
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                          4,836.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                         7,599.16
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                      10,486.66
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                     10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                      10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                          10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                         4,836.94
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                           9,936.66
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                      4,836.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                         7,599.16
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                           100.00



Share Related Items
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             285
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            285
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                             3,239
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            3,239
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,949
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           1,729
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,729
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          1,314
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            1,729
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              25
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              25
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              260
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  260
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              515
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            515
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              1,511
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            1,511
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             996
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            996
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              1,729
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            1,729
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           1,150
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               1,150
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (139)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (102)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (139)
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                             0
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         6
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     18
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .18
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .13
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                     .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                         .55
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .69
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  30.75
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      30.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      57.61
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          79.58
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           34.59
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               34.59
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                       .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                           .05
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                               .07
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         35.51
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             35.51
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             39.96
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            39.96
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             66.55
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          80.51
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              -.00
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 -6.55
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 -6.55
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       21.83
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                   21.83
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                          301.04
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                        -107.71
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       60.95
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                -825.13
Net Income Change % - year over year                                    -825.13
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          36.54
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            18.35
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          18.35
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                         -6.56
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           (15)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           (139)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (15)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           (139)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 (139)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      (15)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                (139)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                              (15)
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (15)
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      (139)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (139)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                               (15)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              (139)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           (139)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                387
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    142
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                327
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      387
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (139)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          (139)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                     0
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              (139)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -8.49
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                             -4.71
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -1.81
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               -.63
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -4.71
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                -13.05
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                             -9.12
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -3.36
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               -.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                              -9.12
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -9.52
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                            -5.46
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -2.13
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -5.46
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                                   0
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                                 0
quarter ('000 USD)
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                0
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                                0
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                     0
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                               0
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                               0
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                                0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                               0
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                0
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                             0
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                                  0
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                0
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                 0
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                              0
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                      0
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                  0
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                         .61
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.47
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   2.57
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.74
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   5.92
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         2.57
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .57
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                                .57
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .61
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .61
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .61
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                            -75.11
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                   -35.86
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -73.98
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                         -35.86
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -10.24
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             -4.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -35.86
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                            -35.86
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             -4.59
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -73.68
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -10.24
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -35.86
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                               -35.86
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                -4.59
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -73.98
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -10.24
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -35.86
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                           135.86
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                          110.24
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                            135.86
Float                                                                  9,936.66
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                            994
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                          4,836.94
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                         7,599.16
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                      10,486.66
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                     10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                      10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                          10,486.66
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                         4,836.94
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                           9,936.66
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                      4,836.94
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                         7,599.16
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                       10,486.66
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                           100.00

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares
EXCHANGE: Over The Counter
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 10,486,661,000
NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS: 46
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Webb & Company

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 17, 2017 Friday

Perfect Pacing in Plot-Driven Fiction: A Fiction Writing Workshop

LENGTH: 607  words

DATELINE: New York



 Augusta: The State of Maine has issued the following news release:



        February 18

     USM's Glickman Library, Portland

     February 18, 2017

     Categories: Classes/Workshops, Community Events, Lectures/Literary



 Event Details



     February 18, 2017

     10:30 am - 4:30 pm

     $65-125

     $65 MWPA Member / $125 Nonmember

     Get Tickets



 Venue



     USM's Glickman Library

     314 Forest Ave, Room 318

     Portland, ME 04101



 Event Description



 From cozy mystery to thriller, science fiction to historical romance, and every
plot-driven fiction in between, authors must be able to draw the reader in from
the outset of a story and maintain tension throughout.

Ideally, this should be done without sacrificing character development or
writing quality. In this day-long workshop designed for new writers as well as
veteran authors with a completed novel or work in progress, attendees will gain
a better understanding of how structure supports effective pacing in plot-driven
fiction, and learn how to apply this understanding to their own work.
Participants will explore three-act structure; the strategic placement of plot
points and action beats; and how plot can positively impact character
development for the reader. Morning Session: Participants will look at three-act
structure, first applying it to two well-known works and then examining their
own works-in-progress to determine how the structure applies. Through exercises
and discussion, attendees will track the plot points in their own work before
breaking for lunch. Afternoon Session: Participants will look at the beginnings
of plot-driven novels, focusing on how action drives the narrative from the
outset, the introduction of the protagonist, and exposition in the first act.
Attendees will have an opportunity to share the first chapter of their own novel
or work in progress and to receive feedback from the instructor and fellow
participants; sharing is not required. The workshop will then close with a final
writing exercise. + SUGGESTED READING (NOT REQUIRED) The Hunger Games by Suzanne
Collins Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain *This is a full-day workshop and there is
not an option to register for either just the morning session or just the
afternoon session. Instructor Jen Blood is the award-winning author of the
bestselling Erin Solomon Mysteries, as well as the 5-Day Fiction writing guides
Creating Complex Characters and Perfect Pacing: Thriller Edition. She is owner
of Adian Editing, providing expert editing of plot-driven fiction for
independent and traditionally published authors around the world, and has led
seminars on writing, publishing, and marketing for authors in conferences
throughout New England. Jen holds an MFA in Creative Writing/Popular Fiction
from the University of Southern Maine, is a regular blogger with Maine Crime
Writers, and is on the board of directors of Sisters in Crime New England. Her
articles on writing and publishing have appeared on award-winning websites
including The Creative Penn, Janice Hardy's Fiction University, and The Crime
Fiction Collective. VISIT jenblood.com  ADVANCE REGISTRATION REQUIRED All MWPA
workshops require advanced registration. We accept registration by phone, mail,
and online via PayPal. We cannot guarantee registration in the final 24-hours
before a workshop, and can rarely accommodate day-of registration.

 Event presented by:



     Maine Writers & Publishers Alliance

     (207) 228-8263

     info@mainewriters.org

     http://mainewriters.org/









 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              San Gabriel Valley Tribune (San Gabriel Valley, CA)

                          September 7, 2005 Wednesday

Armenians' citizenship upheld

BYLINE: Jennifer English, City News Service

SECTION: WORLD NEWS

LENGTH: 404 words


An appellate panel Tuesday upheld a Los Angeles judge's decision to grant
citizenship to a pair of Armenian immigrants who two decades ago were involved
in a plot to bomb the office of a Turkish diplomat.

The decision in favor of Los Angeles school principal Viken Yacoubian and Santa
Monica hedge fund manager Viken Hovsepian comes after years of legal struggling
between the men and immigration officials, a battle that began around the time
of their convictions in the plot.

The wrangling was punctuated five years ago, when the same judge who had
presided over their criminal trials opted to administer the oath of citizenship.

Last year, a government appeal led the same 11-judge panel of the 9th U.S.
Circuit Court of Appeals to order that U.S. District Judge Mariana Pfaelzer re-
evaluate her decision to grant the men citizenship this time taking into account
the plot that led to their 1984 convictions.

The panel found Tuesday that in re-examining the issue, Pfaelzer properly
weighed the men's involvement in the plot, for which they were convicted of
helping to get dynamite transported on a passenger airliner from Los Angeles to
Boston. The FBI argued that the bomb plot could have killed thousands of people.

In the judge's order, she described two men who had "completely reformed,'
Tuesday's opinion states.

When the plot was intercepted by the FBI in 1982, Yacoubian and Hovsepian were
linked by authorities to the Justice Commandos of the Armenian Genocide, a group
seeking revenge against Turkey for atrocities committed against Armenians.

The dynamite was carried onto the plane by a co-conspirator as part of a plot
targeting the Turkish consul general's office in Philadelphia. The
co-conspirator was arrested upon landing in Boston, court papers show.

Yacoubian, who was a teen at the time of the crime, is now married and the
principal of Rose and Alex Pilibos Armenian High School in the Little Armenia
area of Los Angeles, according to Tuesday's ruling.

Hovsepian is also married and has a doctorate in international relations, the
court papers state.

Both men "continue to reject the use of violence to express a political view;
both regret their actions in 1982,' the 9th Circuit ruling states.

Following their convictions, Yacoubian was sentenced to three years in prison
and 1,000 hours of community service. Hovsepian was ordered to serve six years.
CNS-09-6-2005 13:47

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                             July 8, 2006 Saturday
                                 First Edition

'Plot to flood New York' foiled

BYLINE: By David Usborne

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 235 words


American intelligence officials say they have foiled a terror plot to blow up at
least one of New York's major road tunnels.

Elsewhere, the plot was described as an attempt to flood the financial district
and to do to lower Manhattan what Hurricane Katrina did last August to New
Orleans.

The alleged conspiracy was apparently in its infancy when it was uncovered by
anti-terror agents of the FBI monitoring internet chat rooms. "This is one
instance where intelligence was on top of its game and discovered the plot when
it was just in the talking phase," confirmed US Senator Charles Schumer.

"We have disrupted a terrorist network in the planning stages of an attack,"
said a statement released by the FBI and Department of Homeland Security.

The statement added that a "key suspect" connected to the case, Amir Andalousli,
had been arrested by the authorities in Lebanon. A Lebanese official said the
suspect's real name was Assem Hammoud and he was connected to al-Qa'ida. It is
thought that other overseas arrests have also been made.

First reports of the investigation said the main target was the Holland tunnel,
in lower Manhattan, and the aim was to cause water from the Hudson river to rush
into Wall Street. Because the river is lower than Manhattan, the plan was most
unlikely to work.

Two weeks ago, authorities announced the arrests of seven men suspected of
plotting to blow up the Sears Tower in Chicago.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Snooping KOd plot vs. stock exchange: feds

BYLINE: BY JOSEPH STRAW NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 295 words


WASHINGTON - Federal officials thwarted a plot to blow up the New York Stock
Exchange because of the government's controversial Internet and phone snooping
programs, officials revealed Tuesday.

Testifying before the House Intelligence Committee, officials said the snooping
helped to prevent "potential terrorist events over 50 times since 9/11." They
said 10 of those events had some connection to the U.S.

FBI Deputy Director Sean Joyce said one of those 10 threats involved the plot to
blow up the stock exchange, which was uncovered in 2008.

Joyce testified that National Security Agency surveillance of a terror operative
in Yemen revealed communications with Kansas City, Mo., auto parts dealer Khalid
Ouazzani.

The FBI began direct surveillance of Ouazzani "and identified his
co-conspirators."

"We were able to disrupt the plot, we were able to lure some individuals to the
United States, and we were able to effect their arrest," Joyce said.

The plot had been previously disclosed. Tuesday marked the first time officials
said that it was uncovered through the surveillance programs detailed this month
by NSA contract employee Edward Snowden.

Ouazzani pleaded guilty in May 2010 to charges of conspiracy to provide material
support to a terrorist organization, bank fraud and money laundering. He was not
charged with the alleged plot against the stock exchange. A Brooklyn resident,
Sabirhan Hasanoff - who pleaded guilty last year to aiding Al Qaeda - cased the
stock exchange on orders from masters overseas, according to a sentencing memo.

However, an unnamed FBI source quoted in court documents questioned the foreign
terrorists' interest in striking the exchange.

NSA Director Gen. Keith Alexander testified his agency's programs are subject to
strict oversight.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: National Security Agency Director Keith Alexander.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Daily News, L.P.


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             July 8, 2006 Saturday

Terror plot foiled in N.Y., FBI says

BYLINE: John O'Neil

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 394 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


A plot by a ''terrorist network'' to attack the transportation system in the New
York and New Jersey area was disrupted in its planning stages, federal officials
said Friday.

One man has been arrested by Lebanese officials in connection with the plot,
according to a statement issued jointly by the FBI and the Department of
Homeland Security.

A senior Lebanese security official told The Associated Press that the suspect,
Assem Hammoud, was a member of Al Qaeda and had confessed to the plot. The
official said that Hammoud was known to the group involved in the plot by an
alias, Amir Andalousli.

But the statement issued by federal officials Friday said that while ''Al Qaeda
continues to have an interest in attacking the United States,'' there is ''no
specific or credible information that Al Qaeda is planning an attack on U.S.
soil.''

The plot was first reported Friday by The Daily News, which said that Hammoud
and others were planning to detonate a bomb in the Holland Tunnel in the hope of
flooding Lower Manhattan.

But a law enforcement official said that the tunnel was not the target of the
plot, and Representative Peter King of New York, chairman of the House Committee
on Homeland Security, said that he ''would agree'' with that assessment. In a
televised interview discussing the investigation, Senator Charles Schumer of New
York referred to the Lincoln Tunnel rather than the Holland.

King and Schumer each said that the plot had been caught in its early stages.
King said that he had been informed of the investigation by the FBI and the New
York City Police Department nine months ago.

In a televised interview on CNN, Schumer said the plot had not gotten beyond the
talking stage.

The statement issued by the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security said the
investigation was ''ongoing'' and was being conducted with the help of security
forces in Lebanon and ''other foreign law enforcement and intelligence
partners.''

An FBI official in New York declined to comment on the matter. A spokesman for
the Police Department said that there had been no recent change in security
levels at the tunnels.

As far as the hope of flooding Manhattan, Schumer noted that the plot could not
have worked because the tunnels lie well below ground level. ''It makes no sense
whatsoever,'' he said. ''They don't seem to be the brightest bulbs in the
terrorist lot.''

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            February 10, 2006 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

W REVEALS HIJACK PLOT TO HIT L.A. CRITICS HIT TIMING, SUBSTANCE OF PREZ COMMENTS
ON TERROR TARGET

BYLINE: BY JAMES GORDON MEEK and KENNETH R. BAZINET DAILY NEWS WASHINGTON BUREAU
With Michael McAuliff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 457 words


WASHINGTON - President Bush detailed a terrorist plot yesterday that would have
used shoe bombers and a hijacked plane to knock down the tallest building on the
West Coast.

The plot to strike a Los Angeles skyscraper has been mentioned before, but Bush
released additional details yesterday.

The timing of his remarks and the seriousness of the plot were questioned,
however, by officials ranging from the mayor of Los Angeles to counter-terrorism
experts.

The President's comments come as he is under fire even by members of his own
party for his domestic eavesdropping program. Bush didn't contend that the
eavesdropping busted up the L.A. plot, but his remarks served as a stark
reminder of the menace from terrorists.

"We now know that in October 2001, Khalid Shaikh Mohammed - the mastermind of
the Sept. 11 attacks - had already set in motion a plan to have terrorist
operatives hijack an airplane using shoe bombs to breach the cockpit door, and
fly the plane into the tallest building on the West Coast," Bush said.

"We believe the intended target was [Library] Tower in Los Angeles, Calif.
Rather than use Arab hijackers as he had on September the 11th, Khalid Shaikh
Mohammed sought out young men from Southeast Asia, whom he believed would not
arouse as much suspicion," Bush added.

The attack was foiled, he said, when a plotter was arrested in Asia.

Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, a Democrat, was taken aback by Bush's
statements.

"I'm amazed that the President would make this [announcement] on national TV and
not inform us of these details through the appropriate channels," the mayor
said. "I don't expect a call from the President - but somebody."

"We should have been aware of all the details much before today," Villaraigosa
said.

The White House claimed it gave California officials a heads-up about the
speech.

Other Democrats, including Sen. Hillary Clinton (D-N.Y.), have claimed Bush is
following a strategy of highlighting the terror threat to counter criticism of
his eavesdropping program and of the war in Iraq.

A Clinton source yesterday questioned "the timing of the speech."

Several counterterrorism officials were surprised that Bush claimed the "West
Coast plot" was "set in motion."

"There was no definitive plot. It never materialized or got past the thought
stage," said a senior counterterrorism official, who has worked at the CIA and
the FBI.

In June 2004, FBI Deputy Director John Pistole refused to characterize it as an
advanced plot.

Bush's top counterterrorism adviser, Frances Townsend, said the critics don't
"truly understand what the timeline was."

She said the West Coast plot was "blessed" in October 2001 by Osama Bin Laden,
but Townsend admitted little else is known about it.

jmeek@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AFP/AP/PHOTO ILLUSTRATION President Bush says big terror threat loomed
over tower in L.A., but experts cast doubt on whether the danger was real.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           September 15, 2009 Tuesday
                                National Edition

2006 Plot draws life sentences; Liquid Bombs

BYLINE: Robin Millard, Agence France-Press; with files from The Daily Telegraph

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 575  words

DATELINE: LONDON


Three British Muslims were sentenced yesterday to life in prison for plotting to
blow up transatlantic airliners with liquid bombs in al-Qaeda-inspired suicide
attacks on the scale of 9/11.

Judge Richard Henriques said the plot was "the most grave and wicked conspiracy
ever proven within this jurisdiction," as he passed sentence at the top-security
Woolwich Crown Court in southeast London.

"The intention was to perpetrate a terrorist outrage that would stand alongside
the events of Sept. 11, 2001, in history," he said.

The plot, which was foiled in August 2006, triggered the wide-ranging rules now
in place on carrying liquids aboard commercial aircraft.

Abdulla Ahmed Ali, the 28-year-old ringleader, was sentenced to life
imprisonment, with a minimum 40-year term.

The plot's "chemist and quartermaster" Assad Sarwar, 29, must spend a minimum of
36 years behind bars, while fellow plotter Tanvir Hussain, 28, Ali's right-hand
man, must serve at least 32 years.

The trio were told they may never be released.

The counter-terrorism operation to foil the London based plot was the biggest
ever in Britain, costing £35-million ($63-million).

"There is every likelihood that this plot would have succeeded but for the
intervention of the police and the security service," the judge said. "A massive
loss of life would almost certainly have resulted."

The plotters targeted seven flights from London's Heathrow airport to Toronto,
Montreal, New York, Washington, Chicago and San Francisco. The jets would have
exploded in mid-air simultaneously, prosecutors said.

Some of the men recorded "martyrdom videos" featuring threats to the West of
waves of terrorist attacks.

"This was a viable and meticulously planned conspiracy and I conclude it was
imminent," Mr. Justice Henriques said. The plot was "an act of revenge inspired
by extremist Islamic thinking," aimed at the "governments of several allied
forces in Iraq and Afghanistan."

The tighter security measures and restrictions on liquids now seen on flights
worldwide are "entirely attributable to this conspiracy."

The six-month trial was peppered with evidence that the gang was frequently in
communication with al-Qaeda linked figures in Pakistan.

The judge said emails showed "the ultimate control of this conspiracy lay in
Pakistan," saying the plot was run, monitored and funded from there.

They included a coded email sent by Ali to his controller in Pakistan showing
the attack was "imminent." The email was sent to a Birmingham-born man called
Rashid Rauf on Aug. 6, 2006, days before the group's arrest.

On Sept. 7, a jury found Ali, Sarwar and Hussain guilty of conspiracy to murder
by blowing up transatlantic airliners.

Prosecutors said they plotted to drill holes in the bottom of plastic drinks
bottles, drain the contents and inject liquid explosive with a syringe before
sealing the holes with glue. That way the bottle tops would remain unopened.

The home-made liquid explosive was to be concocted from hydrogen peroxide and
Tang, a soft drink available in powdered form.

When mixed with such an organic material at an appropriate strength, hydrogen
peroxide has explosive qualities.

The bottles would be detonated using the substance HTMD, concealed in regular AA
1.5-volt batteries.

The judge said the gang had other targets in their sights, including power
installations.

"You had within your contemplation a campaign of bombing which would have a
devastating effect upon this country," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Color Photo: Reuters; Abdulla Ahmed Ali, left, Assad Sarwar and Tanvir Hussain
were jailed yesterday for plotting to kill thousands by blowing up transatlantic
airliners bound for North America. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              June 3, 2007 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

PLOT SENDS PREZ HOPEFULS RUSHING FOR MICROPHONES

BYLINE: BY CELESTE KATZ DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER With Adam Lisberg

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 285 words


CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa - The alleged plot to blow up Kennedy Airport reverberated on
the campaign trail here yesterday, as Democratic presidential candidates faced
questions about U.S. vulnerability.

The specter of terrorists igniting an inferno at JFK could increase the 2008
campaign's focus on security, a topic former mayor Rudy Giuliani made a
signature issue. Giuliani has assailed the Democrats as weak on protecting
America.

But the Dems, trying to build support here and distinguish themselves in a
crowded field on the eve of a major New Hampshire debate today, emphasized the
need for a brawny anti-terrorism program.

The JFK incident "raises the seriousness of the ongoing threats that we face and
how we have to remain vigilant and do a good job in securing and defending
ourselves, and I view that as my highest responsibility as a senator and when
I'm President," said Sen. Hillary Clinton (D-N.Y.), the Democratic front-runner.

Some skeptics suggest such plot foilings are played up to distract attention
from problems elsewhere, such as in Iraq - even when the derailed plots were
nowhere close to being executed.

But, Clinton said, "I take all of these plots seriously, unless proven
otherwise. There's no reason to be second-guessing."

Former North Carolina Sen. John Edwards, among others, used the alleged plot to
criticize the Bush administration.

As for Giuliani's warnings about Democratic weakness, Edwards sniped, "Giuliani,
Sen. (John) McCain and others are trying to be bigger, badder versions of George
Bush. They're Bush on steroids" - something he says Americans don't want.

To the disappointment of some in the crowd of over 1,000, Illinois Sen. Barack
Obama wasn't there.

ckatz@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              March 6, 2005 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

WHEN IT COMES TO MOVIES, LOOK TO S. FLA. FOR A BLOCKBUSTER PLOT

BYLINE: Frank Cerabino

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 447 words


Movies that won't be coming to a theater near you:

Title: Snideways

Plot: Palm Beach County commissioners try bonding with each other by taking a
meandering tour through California's wine country.

Production pitfalls:

Should have used grape juice instead of real wine. If you think they're nasty to
each other when they're sober, you haven't seen anything yet.

Capsule review:

I laughed, I cried, I hoped there would not be a sequel.

Title:

The Sea Inside

Plot:

Palm Beach County residents, paralyzed with fear from last year, remortgage
their homes to install hurricane-proof windows.

Production pitfalls:

Way over budget.

Capsule review:

I laughed, I cried, I called the insurance company.

Title:

Are We There Yet?

Plot:

Family road trip becomes marred by traffic tie-ups on I-95.

Production pitfalls:

None. Road conditions allowed stationary scenes on I-95 to be shot without
needing to close the roadway.

Capsule review:

I laughed, I cried, I reminded myself to get off at Hypoluxo next time.

Title: Being Trump

Plot: A legal thriller about one man's pursuit of full payment from an alleged
billionaire.

Production pitfalls: Everybody in the crew forced to write a letter of apology
for working on the movie.

Capsule review: I laughed, I cried, I got paid upfront.

Title: Paper Clips

Plot:

A documentary about how a Palm Beach County public school collects paper clips
to make up for budget cuts from Tallahassee.

Production pitfalls:

Shooting schedule interrupted because of FCAT preparation.

Capsule review:

I laughed, I cried, I wrote my state representative.

Title:

Finding Neverland

Plot:

Scripps scientists travel to a magical place in Palm Beach County where people
seem to never grow up.

Production pitfalls:

Set location issues created delays.

Capsule review:

I laughed, I cried, I found myself living in a science ghetto.

Title:

Racing Gripes

Plot:

Florida Gov. Jeb Bush campaigns against slot machines and dog and horse racing
tracks in Miami-Dade and Broward counties.

Production pitfalls:

Movie not expected to make a fraction of what the slot machines would bring in.

Capsule review:

I laughed, I cried, I suggested a new referendum to put slot machines on the
bullet train.

Title:

Because of Publix

Plot:

Sequel to movie about a boy and his incredibly intuitive dog, whose name was
sold by Winn-Dixie because of recent financial problems with the supermarket
chain.

Production pitfalls:

Motorized cart accident on Aisle 4.

Capsule review:

I laughed, I cried, I said, "Plastic."

Title:

Star Wars: Episode III, Revenge of the Caterers

Plot:

A social season runs amok in Palm Beach.

Production pitfalls:

Too many people using the force.

Capsule review:

I laughed, I cried, I stayed away from the shellfish.

frank_cerabino@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Ran all editions.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                          February 25, 2009 Wednesday

County Offers Garden Plot Rentals

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 255  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Lancaster County Department of Parks and Recreation has garden plots available
for rent April 15 through Oct. 15. Renters can apply for a plot as early as
Monday.

Lancaster County residents can select either a 400- or 800-square- foot plot.
Renters pay a one-time fee of $18 for a small plot and $23 for a larger plot.

The garden plots are located off Farm View Drive just off Golf Road in Lancaster
County Central Park.

The plots are ideal for gardeners with limited space at home and great for
groups looking for a summer project.

Organic plots are also available. These are plots that have been free of
pesticides and herbicides for more than three years.

Additionally, the parks department and Penn State Cooperative Extension Master
Gardeners Program are offering garden workshops from 7 to 8:30 p.m. in the
Lancaster County Environmental Center off Eshelman Mill Road.

Workshop dates and topics are:

  March 18, introduction to vegetable gardening.

  April 16, introduction to flower gardening.

  May 19, designing container gardens.

Participants will learn about site selection, soil preparation and plant
selection

There is a $1 fee per workshop, but those who rent a garden plot in Central Park
may attend free of charge.

Pre-registration is required to attend workshops.

To register for a garden plot or workshop, visit the park office in Central Park
located off Chesapeake Street, from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays or call
299-8215.

For more information about other nature and recreation programs, visit
www.co.lancaster.pa.us/parks.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            March 27, 2008 Thursday

Fascinating stories from history emerge in 'Mountain View Cemetery"

BYLINE: By Nilda Rego Correspondent

SECTION: COLUMNISTS; Opinion

LENGTH: 721 words


In 1899, Annie and Paul Glud needed money to help finance the home for destitute
children they were running in Oakland.

Annie did have an untapped asset, and so she used it. She published her own life
story.

She was born Annie Hundley in Kentucky in 1853. Her father enlisted in the Union
Army when the Civil War started, and Annie went with him. She took her brother's
name, donned boys' clothes and passed herself off as a drummer boy for the
entire war.

Not only was she a drummer boy, but she was General Ulysses S. Grant's drummer
boy, and the future president ordered the words "Tommy Hundley, Grant's drummer
boy" printed on her drum.

This is just one of the compelling stories Dennis Evanosky tells in his latest
book, "Mountain View Cemetery." The book is the second in his series "History Is
All Around Us." His first was "Oakland's Laurel District," which appeared last
year, and his next one will be "Alameda's Architectural Treasure Chest," due out
in September.

Evanosky has been a docent at Mountain View Cemetery in Oakland for 11 years,
and received the Oakland Heritage Alliance Partners in Preservation Award for
restoration work on the cemetery's Grand Army of the Republic plot. Part Four of
the cemetery book is devoted to the GAR plot, and the role that Evanosky and his
friends played in renovating it.

He writes that in 2003, he and Eric Kos decided it was time for a face-lift for
the 106-year-old plot. "We began by numbering, naming and researching all the
plot's inhabitants; Phil Moser and Julia Park Tracey joined us." They cleaned
the headstones and uncovered some that they hadn't known existed. Kos mapped the
plot. With the help of Mountain View staffers, they also restored the four
12-pound boat howitzers that are located in the plot.

While working on this project, Evanosky came across the story of Obediah
Summers, a black Civil War veteran who was not buried in the GAR plot, but in
what was known as the unendowed area of the cemetery.

When Summers died in 1896, his family buried him in Plot 39, one of the
cemetery's unendowed areas, which meant the families took full responsibility
for lot maintenance. Over the years, family members died or moved away, and
these unendowed gravesites became overgrown with weeds and bushes. Summers'
gravesite was lost.

Evanosky and his friends searched the cemetery records, and with the cemetery
staff, found Summers' resting place. His granddaughter, Myrna Adams, then
petitioned the cemetery to move Summers to the GAR plot, and in 2005, this was
done.

Summers was born a slave in 1844 in Missouri. In 1864, he enlisted in Company A,
18th Regiment, U.S. Colored Infantry. He fought in the Battle of Nashville.

After the war, he became a preacher and moved to Marysville. In 1890, he moved
to Oakland, built and preached at the Old Bethel Church on 15th Street. He also
served the California State legislature as its first African-American chaplain.

Evanosky's book is easy to read, and besides the fascinating stories, it
includes more than 100 photographs and maps.

He tells how cemeteries changed over the years from the rural or garden cemetery
to the lawn cemetery and finally to the memorial park.

Evanosky is an admitted tapophile, which he indicates means a lover of
cemeteries. He challenges the reader in the pages of his introduction:

"If I told you the city of Oakland has more than 200 acres full of monuments
with wonderful, fascinating stories, would you be interested in visiting?" he
writes.

"If I asked if you'd like to learn more about architecture in an outdoor
park-like setting or if you'd like to meet the people who have shaped our past
and continue to shape our world today, would you still be interested." He then
asks if it would make a difference if the 200 acres were a cemetery.

Evanosky says his purpose in writing the book was to get more people interested
in Mountain View. After reading it and looking at its "then and now" photos, I
would have to say I can't wait to get to that fascinating place at the end of
Piedmont Avenue in Oakland, with his book to guide me. The book is available at
the Contra Costa County History Center, 610 Main St., Martinez; Books Inc.; and
at local bookstores in Alameda and Oakland. It can also be found online.

Nilda Rego's Days Gone By appears Sundays in A&E. Reach her at
nildarego@comcast.net .

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                            August 12, 2006 Saturday

MURDER IN THE SKIES

LENGTH: 573 words


THE British discovery of a plot to blow up several aircraft in flight to the
United States using liquid explosives smuggled in hand-carried luggage reminds
us that terrorism remains active and that its perpetrators will go to great
lengths to wreak more horrendous destruction to lives and property.

The British police said they have arrested 21 people in London, Thames Valley
and Birmingham after months of surveillance. They warned that an attack was
imminent and the government has raised its security alert to the highest level.
So has the US Department of Homeland Security whose head said that the plan was
"well advanced" and "suggestive" of a plot by the al-Qaeda terrorist network,
the gang that carried out the September 11 attack on the United States.

Worrisome is the information that there could be other parts of the conspiracy
that have not been discovered and that it has global dimensions. For the
Philippines, this could mean that al-Qaeda operatives here could be hatching
plots similar to, or in connivance with, the London terror-mongers.

The new terrorist plot is bad news for governments, the airline industry,
passengers and aviation-related businesses. Tighter security, fewer passengers
and government regulations could increase fares. Passengers will have to live
with more delays and inconvenience. Airport retail sales will surely suffer.
Higher fares will hurt thousands of Filipinos traveling for work. The damage to
the airline industry, national and regional economies could be costly.

Overriding these concerns is the issue of safety in air travel. The airline plot
is premised on organized suicides to kill thousands simultaneously. The scheme
called for blowing up as many as 10 jetliners at the same time as they flew to
the US. The discovery does not mean the plot will not be carried out.

The threat remains. The possibility that copycats would mimic the idea also
exists.

In Manila the international airport authority has banned passengers bound for
the US from carrying on board liquids or gels of any size, including
toothpaste, hair gel, beverages, shampoo, suntan lotion and cream.

The Philippine government should do more than upgrade security. It should
improve intelligence gathering and strengthen intelligence sharing with foreign
governments. The low regard the foreign intelligence community gives Manila
showed in 1995 when the US intelligence agency played down a major terrorist
plot in Manila.

In 1995 Manila police officers responded to a fire in an Ermita apartment where
they discovered a plot to crash a plane into CIA building in Virginia, bomb US
passenger jets over the Pacific and to assassinate Pope John Paul II on a visit
to Manila.

Ramzi Yousef and Abdul Hakim Murad, who were renting the apartment, were found
in possession of bomb-making materials and a laptop loaded with information. The
al-Qaeda plot was masterminded by Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, who proceeded to
engineer the 9/11 attacks in New York City and Washington, D.C.

The US intelligence agency made little use of the information obtained from the
raid. Yousef was later caught in Pakistan.

President Arroyo should call her advisers on public safety to review the
situation and consider what steps Manila could take to aid the global drive on
terrorism, improve security at the airports and crush domestic terrorism.
Congress should pass the antiterrorism bill after removing provisions that
violate human rights.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Acts of Terror

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2006 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                              March 7, 2016 Monday

Central Park Garden Plots Available Now;
Any Lancaster County Resident Can Apply For Plot, Which Costs Less Than $30

BYLINE: Ad Crable

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 222  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


ACRABLE@LNPNEWS.COM

Thinking spring, the Lancaster County Department of Parks and Recreation has
opened rentals for garden plots in Lancaster County Central Park.

Plots will again be available for the public from April 15 through Oct. 15.
Those interested may apply for a plot at the park office at 1050 Rockford Road,
Lancaster, or call 299-8215. Office hours are Monday through Friday from 8:30
a.m. to 5 p.m.

Anyone living in Lancaster County may rent the plots. They come in two sizes: 20
feet by 20 feet or 20 feet by 40 feet. Renters pay a one-time seasonal fee of
$22 for a small plot and $27.50 for a larger plot.

The garden plots are located off Farm View Drive just off Golf Road in Central
Park.

Gardeners of all skill levels can rent garden plots to grow their own flowers
and vegetables. The plots are ideal for gardeners with limited space at home or
groups looking for a summer project.

County park naturalist Lisa J. Sanchez, also a Central Park gardener, says,
"Being involved in a community garden plot program provides an opportunity to
meet people and to share gardening techniques, plants and food.

"It's a great idea to grow your own food and choose what you want to plant.
Watching birds and other wildlife in their outdoor habitat is a plus."

For more information about plot rentals, visit www.lancastercountyparks.org.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 4, 2000, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

2 New Arrests In Investigation Of Bomb Plot

BYLINE: By BENJAMIN WEISER

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 880 words


Two Algerians, one in Brooklyn and the other in Seattle, have been arrested in
the continuing investigation of a terrorist bomb plot. The new arrests came amid
indications that federal authorities are focusing their efforts on a network of
Algerians in New York, Seattle and Boston, officials said yesterday.

The Brooklyn man, Abdelwaheb Hamdouche, was taken into custody Saturday night at
Kennedy International Airport as he was preparing to leave for Paris on a KLM
flight, officials said. Mr. Hamdouche, 34, a naturalized French citizen, was
held as a material witness in the bomb plot investigation, and it is believed
that he was ordered to remain in custody after a closed hearing yesterday in
Federal District Court in Manhattan.

In Seattle, the authorities said they had arrested another Algerian man, Abdel
Hakim Tizegha, on charges of entering the country illegally. He is believed to
be an associate of a man charged last week in the bomb plot, law enforcement
officials said, but he has not been accused of any direct role.

The new arrests on both coasts stem from what the authorities said was a bomb
plot foiled in Seattle last month after the arrest of Ahmed Ressam, an Algerian
who has been linked to a terrorist group.

Mr. Ressam was charged with attempting to smuggle powerful explosives and
sophisticated timing devices in a car he was taking on a ferry across the
Canadian border near Seattle.

While the scope of the investigation into the plot appeared to be growing, many
details of the case remained murky yesterday. It was not clear why the
authorities believed Mr. Hamdouche was a witness. It was also not known why he
had been released without being charged after he was taken into custody last
Thursday during a raid in Brooklyn in which another Algerian, Abdel Ghani, was
arrested on charges of being an accomplice in the bomb plot.

A criminal complaint accused Mr. Ghani of having knowledge of "a terrorist
network of Algerian nationals" that also included Mr. Ressam, and said that he
had planned to travel with Mr. Ressam to Chicago to raise money for the group.

After yesterday's closed hearing, neither a federal prosecutor, David N. Kelley,
nor Mr. Hamdouche's lawyer, Mitchell A. Golub, would comment or even describe
the proceeding.

A federal magistrate judge, Michael H. Dolinger, refused a request by The New
York Times to open the session, and afterward, he would not say why he had
conducted it in secret.

The arrest of Mr. Hamdouche, who lived in the same building as Mr. Ghani,
appeared to be a tactical move seeking to compel his presence before a federal
grand jury or for questioning by federal agents.

The authorities may be hoping to see if Mr. Hamdouche can tell them anything
about Mr. Ghani, and whether he might cooperate in the investigation. In order
for Magistrate Dolinger to detain Mr. Hamdouche, the government had to show that
he was material, or valuable, to the investigation, and that he was a risk to
flee or be unavailable.

No one would say if Mr. Hamdouche had been ordered held, but he did not leave
the courtroom with his defense lawyer as the hearing ended.

The new arrests indicated that law enforcement authorities are continuing to
reel in friends and associates of Mr. Ressam and Mr. Ghani, although the high
degree of secrecy imposed on the case has made it difficult to learn precisely
what the authorities suspect of each man.

The criminal complaint filed against Mr. Tizegha yesterday in federal district
court in Seattle, for example, makes no mention of the bomb plot, nor did
prosecutors discuss any link in a hearing.

But law enforcement officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity said Mr.
Tizegha was believed to have been a longtime friend of Mr. Ghani, and may have
spent time with him in Seattle when Mr. Ghani went there in mid-December to meet
Mr. Ressam. The plot was interrupted when an immigration agent questioned Mr.
Ressam at the border and the explosives were discovered in his car, the
government has charged.

The complaint in Seattle against Mr. Tizegha says he entered the United States
illegally as a stowaway on a ship in 1993, and lived in Boston, where he
formally applied for political asylum.

After his asylum request was rejected, he was ordered deported in 1997, and he
lost an appeal in June of last year. He then disappeared from view of the
authorities, the complaint said, until his arrest the day before Christmas in
Bellevue, Wash., on immigration charges.

His roommate, who was interviewed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation,
revealed that Mr. Tizegha had moved to Seattle in the winter of 1998, and then
went to Vancouver, British Columbia, to apply for refugee status in Canada, the
complaint said.

Last November, he sneaked back into the United States, crossing the border
through the woods at Blaine, Wash., to avoid contact with immigration agents,
the complaint said. The authorities say he then caught a bus in Bellingham,
Wash., which he rode to Seattle. Later, after his arrest, he made a phone call
and asked his roommate to burn the bus ticket he had used to travel to Seattle,
the complaint said.

A federal magistrate judge in Seattle ordered Mr. Tizegha held pending a bail
hearing on Wednesday.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 24, 2010 Saturday

Good Morning Reader: Unclaimed plots dot cemeteries in the county

BYLINE: Jason Brudereck, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 493 words


Apr. 24--Many people know that local and state governments have millions of
dollars worth of unclaimed money that is owed to taxpayers. It's also relatively
well-known that state lotteries have tons of cash that goes unclaimed. But there
is one other prize that many don't know they are owed. And so, you may have
already won a fabulous ... grave? Yes. There are dozens, perhaps hundreds, of
unused grave sites in Berks County that have been bought and gone unused for
decades. The owners and the descendants of those owners have the right to use
those burial plots, but many have not.

So in 1992, the state Legislature made it legal for cemeteries to follow a
process to declare such plots abandoned after 50 years.

"A cemetery is supposed to contact the owner or any known family member by
registered letter and then, if no one responds, advertise the intent to declare
the plot abandoned," said Sandra Burkhart Stief, historian and superintendent at
Aulenbach's Cemetery, an institution established in 1853 on the Reading-Mount
Penn border.

If someone responds to the letter or ad claiming a site with proof, the plot
can't be declared abandoned for another 50 years and, if an owner or heir
surfaces within 30 years of a plot being abandoned, the cemetery has to provide
a free replacement plot, according to the law.

The law is important now more than ever with so many cemeteries struggling to
get enough funds to maintain their grounds and graves, said Christopher M.
Winters, executive assistant to state Rep. Thomas R. Caltagirone, a Reading
Democrat who was instrumental in creating the law.

Cemeteries could either resell the plots or find descendants to use them, for
which cemeteries can then collect a burial fee, Stief said.

At Aulenbach's, a plot is $350, with $250 going toward perpetual care, and
burial is $800, with half going to the excavation company.

In some cases of unused graves, such as when an epidemic wiped out entire
families, there may be no heirs left, Winters said.

Among the thousands of graves at Aulenbach's, there are an unknown number of
plots that could be declared abandoned.

About 20 belong to the Brumbach family, relatives of which visited the cemetery
from Missouri last year and intended to spread information about the plots among
the family.

"Now they know they can be buried with their ancestors," Stief said.

So if you think you have an ancestor who had a burial plot somewhere, contact
that cemetery.

Or if you run a cemetery with plots that have gone unused for half a century,
look into declaring them abandoned, Stief said.

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100424-RE-Good-Morning-Reader-0424

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2010 Reading Eagle


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           December 13, 2012 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Singer Bieber alleged target of mutilation/murder plot

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 192 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Police in New Mexico are reported to be investigating a macabre plot to mutilate
and kill Canadian pop star Justin Bieber.

The claims of a murder-for-hire plot targeting the singer have not been
confirmed.

A New Mexico media outlet cited unnamed investigators for its report, while the
Toronto Star said Lt. Robert McDonald of the New Mexico State Police told the
newspaper Bieber was a target in a plot that involved three others.

The Canadian singer's management, asked to comment on the reports, released a
statement saying only that they take "every precaution to protect and ensure the
safety of Justin and his fans."

KRQE News in New Mexico reported that police have arrested two men in the United
States in connection with a plot to murder and castrate Bieber.

The alleged plot - which KRQE News says was planned right down to the paisley
tie that would be used to strangle victims - was reportedly foiled after the
would-be hit men were arrested in Vermont on outstanding warrants last month
before any of the killings were carried out.

The station reports that the two men were outed to police by the person who came
up with the plot in the first place.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Carol Allegri, Reuters; Justin Bieber greets a fan while performing
Friday in New York.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Evening Chronicle (Newcastle, UK)

                           September 8, 2009 Tuesday

Terrorists Guilty Of Plotting To Bring Terror To The Skies

BYLINE: Chris Ward

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 513 words


THREE Islamic extremists have been convicted over a suicide bomb plot to blow up
transatlantic airliners.

The al Qaeda-inspired terror cell planned to detonate home-made liquid bombs on
flights bound for North American cities.

Abdulla Ahmed Ali, Assad Sarwar and Tanvir Hussain were yesterday found guilty
of conspiracy to murder.

The case followed the largest counter-terrorism operation in the UK.

Sue Hemming, head of the Crown Prosecution Service Counter Terrorism Division,
said: "These men wanted to bring down several aircraft, indiscriminately killing
hundreds of innocent people   perhaps more if they had succeeded in activating
their devices while over cities.

"This was a calculated and sophisticated plot to create a terrorist event of
global proportions."

If the plot had been successful, the explosions could have exceeded the carnage
of the September 11 attacks in New York.

Counter-terrorist police and the security services spent more than £35m foiling
the plot and bringing Ali and the others to justice.

The arrest of the gang in August 2006 sparked tight restrictions on carrying
liquids on to aircraft, which initially caused travel chaos.

Jurors deliberated for more than 50 hours at the end of a six-month trial at
Woolwich Crown Court.

British-born Ali, 28, of Walthamstow, east London, was inspired by the July 7
bombers and Osama bin Laden. He even considered taking his baby son on his
suicide mission.

He planned to smuggle home-made bombs disguised as soft drinks on to passenger
jets. Ali singled out flights to San Francisco, Toronto, Montreal, Washington,
New York and Chicago that departed within two-and-a-half hours of each other.

Police believe an al Qaeda bombmaker was responsible for the liquid bomb design,
concealed within 500ml Oasis or Lucozade bottles.

Ali used cash to buy a £138,000 flat in Walthamstow and converted it into a bomb
factory. It was also used as a location to record suicide videos.

On his arrest, Ali was found to be carrying an elaborate blueprint for the plot
scrawled in a pocket diary.

Airport security arrangements and details of flights were also discovered on a
computer memory stick.

Along with Ali, Sarwar 29, of Walton Drive, High Wycombe, and Hussain, 28, of
Nottingham Road, Leyton, will be sentenced for the airline plot on Monday.

The trio were convicted of conspiracy to murder in the first trial last year but
retried, along with five other men, for the airliner plot after the jury failed
to reach verdicts on those charges.

The jury failed to reach a verdict on Umar Islam, 31, of Bushey Road, Plaistow,
in connection with the  plot. But he was convicted of conspiracy to murder and
will also be sentenced next week.

Three others   Ibrahim Savant, 28, of Denver Road, Stoke Newington, Arafat
Waheed Khan, 28, of Farnan Avenue, Walthamstow, and Waheed Zaman, 25, of Queen's
Road, Walthamstow   were found not guilty and the jury failed to reach verdicts
on charges of conspiracy to murder.

Donald Stewart-Whyte, 23, of High Wycombe, was found not guilty of both
conspiracy to murder on aircraft and conspiracy to murder.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 25, 2016 Sunday

Couldn't spy straight Abe Lincoln's favorite detective agency was inept,
thuggish and let Jesse James get away

BYLINE: MICHAEL RIEDEL

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 701 words


In February 1861, President-elect Abraham Lincoln was scheduled to travel
through Baltimore by train on his way from Harrisburg, Pa., to Washington, DC.
Shortly before his departure, Lincoln was told of an assassination plot on his
life.

Hatched by Southern sympathizers, the plan was to cause a commotion on the
platform of the Baltimore train station. In the confusion, an assassin would try
to get close to Lincoln and kill him. Lincoln dismissed the report, but he was
eventually persuaded to switch trains in the dead of night. He was then spirited
secretly into the capital.

The man who uncovered the plot? Allan Pinkerton, founder of the now-infamous
Pinkerton's National Detective Agency. His services to Lincoln that night would
draw him close to the US government, allowing Pinkerton - armed with government
contracts and support - to build his agency into a sprawling empire of
espionage, protection, intimidation and even violence.

But was that empire built on a fantasy? Pinkerton may have cooked up the Lincoln
assassination plot to further his career, according to a new book, "Inventing
the Pinkertons" by S. Paul O'Hara.

"There is very little evidence of the plot. It's all based on hearsay," says
O'Hara. In fact, there was as much bungling - including attempts to catch train
robber Jesse James - as boasting in the Pinkerton spy trade. "But," O'Hara
points out, "perhaps better than any other businessman at the time, Pinkerton
understood the power of perception, publicity and branding."

By the end of the Civil War, during which his agency spied on the Confederacy
for Lincoln, Pinkerton and his logo - the all-seeing eye - were famous
throughout America. A "Pinkerton detective" was thought to be a moral guardian
of law and order, even though Pinkerton's business was, says O'Hara, "fairly
disastrous. He screwed up a lot of cases, and much of his spying during the
Civil War was questionable at best."

A barrel maker by trade, Pinkerton was born in Glasgow, Scotland. He was a
radical leftist, agitating for workers' voting rights. When the authorities
struck back, Pinkerton fled to Illinois. An accidental discovery of a ring of
counterfeiters gave him a taste for spying.

His method was to surround a suspect with agents who posed as drinking buddies.
When the suspect finally unburdened himself, the Pinkertons were there to hear
it.

One of the agency's top employees, Kate Warne, was often deployed to befriend
the wife of a suspect in the belief that women couldn't keep secrets. But a lot
of bad guys sleep well at night. And not all women blab. So Pinkerton's methods
hardly made him the 1800s version of Columbo.

Where he did score was with the railroads, which made him one of the richest men
in America. After the Civil War, the railroads became mighty monopolies and
needed to protect trains from robbers, like the crafty Jesse James.

"James outfoxed him all the time," says O'Hara. On Jan. 25, 1875, Pinkerton
agents descended on James' farmhouse in Missouri in the middle of the night. The
plan was to catch him fast asleep. Alas, for all of Pinkerton's vaunted
intelligence-gathering abilities, nobody bothered to tell him James wasn't home.

By the end of the 19th century, many working-class Americans had come to despise
the railroads, which drove farmers off their land and employed Pinkerton men to
infiltrate and bust up unions.

Allan Pinkerton died in 1884. His sons, raised in privilege, aligned the company
even more closely with big business. Soon, armed Pinkertons "became part of
every [worker] strike, shooting into crowds, protecting capitalism," says
O'Hara.

They overplayed their hand during the Homestead Strike of 1892, in Pennsylvania.
Pinkerton men attacked striking steel workers, leaving several dead and injured.

The company staggered along, providing "private security" until it was bought in
1999 by Securitas, a Swedish security conglomerate. Now, the Pinkerton Web site
boasts offices "all over the world." It works in corporate risk management and
mobilizes agents to help clients after natural disasters such as hurricanes
Katrina and Sandy.

At least the Pinkerton all-seeing eye isn't a black one anymore.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pinkerton detectives "screwed up a lot of cases" spying for the
government - but they cashed in protecting the railroads.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            March 20, 2010 Saturday
                                  Mich Edition

HOME & GARDEN BRIEFS

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 545 words


Tribune needs info for annual guide

Information for the 2009 Farmers Market Guide is being gathered, and a
publication date of May 17 has been set.

Managers of farmers markets in the northwest Indiana and southwest Michigan
areas should send information - including hours, dates, location, phone number
and details about vendors - to Karen Rallo, Features Department, South Bend
Tribune, 225 W. Colfax Ave., South Bend, IN 46626; or e-mail Krallo@sbtinfo.com

Also include a daytime phone number for office use.

Deadline is May 7. No information will be taken over the phone.

Community garden needs gardeners

ELKHART - Elkhart Community Gardens has plots available for those who don't have
land of their own to garden.

Choose a plot to grow your own flowers, vegetables and herbs. There are plots
available at all three community garden locations: Airport Garden, County Road
7; Hudson/Sterling garden, corner of York and Bar streets and a garden at the
Elkhart Environmental Center, 1717 E. Lusher Ave.

Gardeners of all skill levels are welcome and groups such as the Boy Scouts,
Girl Scouts, 4-H, service groups, and school clubs, are encouraged to rent a
plot.

Volunteers are also needed for the annual Spring Garden Prep and Kickoff Day
from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. April 10 at Airport Community Garden.

For information or to register for a plot, contact Megan Kolaczyk at (574)
293-5070.

Natural lawn care program April 10

ELKHART - A healthy lawn means having a balance of a variety of different types
of grasses, forbs and other plants. Learn more about lawn maintenance when the
program "Natural Lawn Care" takes place 3 p.m. April 10 at Elkhart Environmental
Center, 1717 E. Lusher Ave.

Ericka Soumare from the Elkhart County Purdue Cooperative Extension will share
tips and techniques about having a healthy, environmentallyfriendly lawn.

Natural lawn care creates healthy turf by restoring soil quality and using
proper maintenance practices without synthetic fertilizers and pesticides.

Register for the program by calling (574) 293-5070.

Fernwood hosts garden sale

NILES - A Gardener's Rummage Sale will take place during regular visiting hours
March 27 at Fernwood Botanical Garden and Nature Preserve, 13988 Range Line
Road.

Donated garden-related items will be for sale, including garden books,
decorative containers, garden tools, trellises, wheelbarrows, garden carts,
garden ornaments, birdhouses, birdbaths, feeders, garden furniture and more.

If you plan on donating items to be resold, please do not include power
equipment, plant material, pesticides, or plastic production containers.

Items for donation to the sale will be accepted up until 5 p.m. Sunday.

Admission to the sale is free. For information, contact Ruth Semones at the Root
Seller at (269) 422-1849, or Steve at Fernwood at (269) 695-6688.

Club offers garden party suggestions

GRANGER - The Granger Garden Club will host the program "Garden Tea Party Ideas
Featuring Herbs and Unusual Perennials," 9:15 a.m. April 7.

The program will feature Ester Benedict of Benedict's Nursery.

Guests are asked to wear a garden hat to the free presentation in the meeting
room at St. Pius X Church, 52553 Fir Road. Entrance to the meeting area can be
accessed through the courtyard area at the back of the church.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Record

                             July 8, 2006, Saturday

TERROR PLOT TO FLOOD NEW YORK;
POLICE SMASH BID TO BLOW UP TUNNELS

BYLINE: By Rachel Williams

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 383 words


TERRORISTS planned to blow up a tunnel and flood New York's financial district.

The FBI yesterday said they had smashed a plot to attack the city's transport
networks.

One suspect, said by a senior Lebanese security official to be a member of
al-Qaeda, was arrested in Lebanon over the claims.

FBI agents uncovered the plot as they monitored internet chat rooms used by
extremists.

A New York newspaper said their target was the Holland Tunnel, between Manhattan
and New Jersey.

Sources said they wanted to cause as much damage as Hurricane Katrina did in New
Orleans.

In a joint statement, the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security said: "We
have disrupted a terrorist network that was in the planning stages of an attack.

"At this point in time, there is no specific or credible information that
al-Qaeda is planning an attack on US soil."

Authorities in Lebanon acted on a US request to arrest a suspect identified as
Amir Andalousli.

A Lebanese official said the Beirut native, real name is Assem Hammoud, admitted
the plot after his arrest a month ago.

Other arrests are believed to have been made elsewhere. New York congressman
Peter King said cops had monitored a plot to attack New York's transport system
for at least eight months.

He said: "There was nothing imminent. It was being monitored for a long period
of time."

Experts said it was unlikely the Wall Street area could be flooded because it is
above the level of the Hudson River.

The Holland Tunnel is also protected by bedrock, concrete and cast-iron steel.

Last month, seven men were arrested, accused of planning to blow up Chicago's
Sears Tower.

Meanwhile, footage of 7/7 suicide bomber Shehzad Tanweer was broadcast on the
internet yesterday.

The images, different from those shown on Al-Jazeera on Thursday, showed the
22-year-old, of Beeston, Yorkshire, accusing his country of declaring war on
Islam.

He said: "Britons continue to oppress our mothers and children, brothers and
sisters."

Glancing down at his text, he added: "I tell every British citizen to stop your
support to your lying British government and to the so-called war on terror.

"And ask yourselves why would thousands of men be ready to give their lives for
the cause of Muslims?"

Tanweer killed seven people and himself on a train at Aldgate.

WALK OF COURAGE: PAGES 8&9

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ARRESTED: Assem Hammoud

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 1, 2017 Wednesday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Minnesota)
Issues Solicitation for "Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) Data Collection
Services, Black Hills National Forest Intensification and Acceleration Plots"

LENGTH: 334  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Forest Service officer has issued
requirement for "Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) Data Collection Services,
Black Hills National Forest Intensification and Acceleration Plots"

Solicitation No: AG-3604-S-17-0012

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: February 28, 2017

Description: The USDA Forest Service, Northern Research Station intends to
initiate a Request for Proposal (RFP) procurement action and award a negotiated,
Firm-Fixed Price incentive contract for data collection of intensified and
accelerated plots on the Black Hills National Forest. The Contractor shall
provide inventory data to the USDA Forest Service, Northern Research Station's
Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) Unit. This data will be collected from
predetermined forest inventory plots randomly located on the Black Hills
National Forest in South Dakota. This contract will not include plots on the
Black Hills National Forest in Wyoming. The protocols for this effort, including
the inventory plot design, are outlined and described in the following Field
Guides:


\x95 NRS Regional P2 Field Guide Version 7.1
The acquisition will be solicited using the procurement process prescribed in
Part 12, Commercial Items, of the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), in
conjunction with the policies and procedures for solicitation, evaluation and
award prescribed in Part 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures; and Part 15,
Contracting by Negotiation. A Firm-Fixed-Price contract will be awarded for a
Base Period (from approximately May 1, 2017 to October 31, 2017); and one (1)
six-month Option Period from approximately May 1, 2018 to October 31, 2018 to
the offeror whose offer, conforming to the solicitation, falls within the
competitive price range.

Set Aside: Total Small Business

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 115

Contact Details: 1992 Folwell Avenue - Acquisition Management St. Paul,
Minnesota 55108

Point of Contact(s): Maria T. Evans mtevans@fs.fed.us Phone: 610-557-4040


LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 23, 2017 Thursday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Minnesota)
Issues Solicitation for "Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) Data Collection
Services, Black Hills National Forest Intensification and Acceleration Plots"

LENGTH: 334  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Forest Service officer has issued
requirement for "Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) Data Collection Services,
Black Hills National Forest Intensification and Acceleration Plots"

Solicitation No: AG-3604-S-17-0012

Notice Type: Presolicitation
Posted Date: February 22, 2017

Description: The USDA Forest Service, Northern Research Station intends to
initiate a Request for Proposal (RFP) procurement action and award a negotiated,
Firm-Fixed Price incentive contract for data collection of intensified and
accelerated plots on the Black Hills National Forest. The Contractor shall
provide inventory data to the USDA Forest Service, Northern Research Station's
Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) Unit. This data will be collected from
predetermined forest inventory plots randomly located on the Black Hills
National Forest in South Dakota. This contract will not include plots on the
Black Hills National Forest in Wyoming. The protocols for this effort, including
the inventory plot design, are outlined and described in the following Field
Guides:


\x95 NRS Regional P2 Field Guide Version 7.1
The acquisition will be solicited using the procurement process prescribed in
Part 12, Commercial Items, of the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), in
conjunction with the policies and procedures for solicitation, evaluation and
award prescribed in Part 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures; and Part 15,
Contracting by Negotiation. A Firm-Fixed-Price contract will be awarded for a
Base Period (from approximately May 1, 2017 to October 31, 2017); and one (1)
six-month Option Period from approximately May 1, 2018 to October 31, 2018 to
the offeror whose offer, conforming to the solicitation, falls within the
competitive price range.

Set Aside: Total Small Business

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 115

Contact Details: 1992 Folwell Avenue - Acquisition Management St. Paul,
Minnesota 55108

Point of Contact(s): Maria T. Evans mtevans@fs.fed.us Phone: 610-557-4040


LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2017 Monday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Minnesota)
Issues Solicitation for "Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) Data Collection
Services, Black Hills National Forest Intensification and Acceleration Plots"

LENGTH: 501  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Forest Service officer has issued
requirement for "Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) Data Collection Services,
Black Hills National Forest Intensification and Acceleration Plots"

Solicitation No: AG-3604-S-17-0012

Notice Type: Presolicitation
Posted Date: February 6, 2017

Description: The USDA Forest Service, Northern Research Station intends to
initiate a Request for Proposal (RFP) procurement action and award a negotiated,
Firm-Fixed Price incentive contract for data collection of intensified and
accelerated plots on the Black Hills National Forest. The Contractor shall
provide inventory data to the USDA Forest Service, Northern Research Station's
Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) Unit. This data will be collected from
predetermined forest inventory plots randomly located on the Black Hills
National Forest in South Dakota. This contract will not include plots on the
Black Hills National Forest in Wyoming. The protocols for this effort, including
the inventory plot design, are outlined and described in the following Field
Guides:


\x95 NRS Regional P2 Field Guide Version 7.1
The acquisition will be solicited using the procurement process prescribed in
Part 12, Commercial Items, of the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), in
conjunction with the policies and procedures for solicitation, evaluation and
award prescribed in Part 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures; and Part 15,
Contracting by Negotiation. A Firm-Fixed-Price contract will be awarded for a
Base Period (from approximately May 1, 2017 to October 31, 2017); and one (1)
six-month Option Period from approximately May 1, 2018 to October 31, 2018 to
the offeror whose offer, conforming to the solicitation, falls within the
competitive price range.
The Government will award the contract resulting from this solicitation to the
responsible offeror whose proposal, conforming to the RFP will be the Best Value
to the Government. The award may be made to a superior offeror which is not the
lowest offered price, but which is significantly more technically advantageous
than the lowest offer so as to justify the payment of a higher price. The
evaluation factors listed in descending order of importance are: Factor 1 -
Experience and Qualifications of Contractor and Key Personnel; Factor 2 - Past
Performance; Factor 3 - Capability to Perform; and Factor 4 - Cost. Factors 1
and 2 are of equal weighting; Factors 1, 2, and 3 are significantly more
important than price; however price will contribute substantially to the
selection decision. Award of the contract will be made as a whole to the offeror
whose proposal conforms to all requirements of the specifications and is the
"greatest value" to the Government, cost and other factors considered.

Set Aside: Total Small Business

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 115

Contact Details: 1992 Folwell Avenue - Acquisition Management St. Paul,
Minnesota 55108

Point of Contact(s): Maria T. Evans mtevans@fs.fed.us Phone: 610-557-4040


LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                              June 14, 2002 Friday
                                  Late Edition

Dirty bomb alert was over the top, White House admits

BYLINE: Gay Alcorn, Herald Correspondent, in Washington

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 456 words


Faced with accusations that the dirty bomb plot announced this week was
exaggerated for political purposes, the White House is now acknowledging that
the threat was minimal.

An alarmed Bush Administration has reprimanded the Attorney-General, John
Ashcroft, over his remarks, according to a leak to the USA Today newspaper.

Mr Ashcroft, in announcing the detention of Abdullah al Muhajir, said that
authorities had "disrupted an unfolding terrorist plot to attack the United
States by exploding a radioactive dirty bomb".

The next day, the Deputy Defence Secretary, Paul Wolfowitz, softened this,
saying: "I don't think there was actually a plot beyond some fairly loose talk
and [Muhajir's] coming in here obviously to plan further deeds."

The White House has released no evidence of a dirty bomb plot, saying only that
Muhajir had suggested to al-Qaeda leaders in Pakistan and Afghanistan a
radioactive attack and conventional strikes. He was then allegedly sent to the
US to scout for targets.

Law enforcement officials told USA Today they doubted whether Muhajir, a US
citizen who was born Jose Padilla, had the equipment or know-how to develop a
dirty bomb, in which conventional explosives are wrapped with radioactive
material.

Mr Ashcroft also appeared to overstate the likely impact of such a bomb, saying
it could cause "mass death and injury". Experts assured jittery Americans that
the number of deaths would probably be small, and that the greatest impact would
be panic.

Administration officials rejected suggestions by some Congress members that the
timing of Mr Ashcroft's announcement had been designed to bolster President
George Bush's proposal for a new Department of Homeland Security and to
neutralise criticism of the FBI and the CIA.

"These very few people who want to make such an outlandish political accusation
represent the most cynical among the most partisan," the White House spokesman,
Ari Fleischer, said. "And they're not to be taken seriously."

The announcement of Muhajir's arrest at O'Hare Airport in Chicago on May 8 was
delayed for more than a month.

The Democratic majority leader in the Senate, Tom Daschle, said there "may have
been a rush to bring it before the news media" to counter the recent criticism
of the CIA and FBI for failing to anticipate the September 11 attacks.

The Democrats are very cautious about criticising the popular President over his
handling of the war on terrorism, for fear of a public backlash.

The White House has declared Muhajir an enemy combatant, meaning he is denied
the right to a lawyer or a trial, and can be held until hostilities end.

The US does not believe that it has enough evidence to prove the dirty bomb
charge and is fearful of compromising intelligence sources.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: Reprimanded ... the US Attorney- General, John Ashcroft.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2002 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 30, 1993, Friday, FINAL EDITION

FBI probing bombings, riot plot

BYLINE: Margaret L. Usdansky

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 420 words


The FBI is investigating possible links between the West Coast bombings of NAACP
offices and a synagogue and a plot to incite a Los Angeles race riot, agents
said Thursday.

"We are certainly trying to determine whether there is a connection," said FBI
Special Agent Tom Griffin of the bureau's Sacramento office.

Three supremacists were arrested Wednesday in connection with the July 20
bombing of an NAACP office in Tacoma, Wash.

Thursday, a federal grand jury in Los Angeles indicted Christopher David Fisher,
Christian and Doris Nadal and Christopher Berwick on charges of manufacturing,
possessing and selling firearms in connection with the race riot plot.

NAACP Executive Director Benjamin Chavis urged White House officials Thursday to
make "a coordinated federal effort" to investigate possible links among all the
events.

Chavis said the NAACP has placed security guards at its major branches and is
"on its highest alert since 1963" when civil rights leader Medgar Evers was
killed in Mississippi.

Arrested for the Tacoma bombing were Jeremiah Knesal, 19, of Auburn, Wash.,
Wayne Wooten, 19, of Tacoma and Mark Kowaalski, 24, of Miami.

Knesal and Wooten were arrested by Salinas, Calif., police for shoplifting. They
were charged Thursday in San Jose federal court with making and possessing
illegal explosives.

Knesal and Wooten were part of a planned terror campaign against Jewish
organizations and military facilities, the FBI said.

Despite the arrests, Chavis expressed concern over the possibility of a much
larger conspiracy.

"It appears to be a very well-organized right-wing movement," he said.

On July 8, a fire was started outside the NAACP office in San Francisco.

On July 15, the FBI announced the arrests of eight suspects in an unsuccessful
plot to bomb a Los Angeles church in order to ignite a race riot.

Then came the firebombing in Tacoma, causing minor damage to the NAACP office.

Monday, a bottle with a gasoline-soaked rag caused a fire on the lawn of
Congregation B'Nai Israel in Sacramento. Also, a firebomb destroyed the NAACP's
office, less than a mile away.

Griffin said investigators are concerned about the "similarity in the targets"
and the close timing of the events.

Thursday, Sacramento NAACP chapter president Nate White said he hoped to rebuild
the office despite threats from an unidentified caller to a local TV station to
bomb the site again.

"The NAACP is not a building. The NAACP is a movement, and you can't kill a
movement," White said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, AP

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Asian Image

                                  July 8, 2010

Three found guilty of airline plot

SECTION: UK NEWS (UK)

LENGTH: 283 words


Three men were found guilty of conspiring to murder hundreds of people in a
terrorist attack.

Ibrahim Savant, Arafat Waheed Khan and Waheed Zaman were convicted by a jury at
Woolwich Crown Court.

The three men were among eight tried in connection with an al Qaida-inspired
plot to detonate homemade liquid bombs on transatlantic jets.

They were cleared by a jury of their role in targeting aeroplanes but put on
trial again to face charges of conspiracy to murder.

A Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) spokesman said the jury found all three men
guilty.

Savant, of Denver Road, Stoke Newington, Khan, of Farnan Avenue, Walthamstow,
and Zaman, of Queen's Road, Walthamstow, will be sentenced tomorrow.

Abdulla Ahmed Ali, of Walthamstow, Assad Sarwar, of High Wycombe, and Tanvir
Hussain, of Leyton, were found guilty of the airline bomb plot last year.

The al Qaida-inspired plot led by Ali involved smuggling liquid bombs in drinks
bottles on to planes bound for North America.

The hydrogen peroxide devices would have been assembled and detonated in mid-air
by a team of suicide bombers.

Ali singled out seven flights to San Francisco, Toronto, Montreal, Washington,
New York and Chicago that departed within two and a half hours of each other.

If successful, the explosions could have exceeded the carnage of the September
11 attacks.

Counter-terrorist police and the security services spent more than £35 million
foiling the plot and bringing Ali and the others to justice.

The arrest of the gang in August 2006 sparked tight restrictions on carrying
liquids on to aircraft which initially caused travel chaos.

The jury rejected the defence of Ali, Sarwar, and Hussain that the plot was an
elaborate publicity stunt.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 17, 1997, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Lawyer Challenges Testimony Linking Gigante to Gotti Plot

BYLINE: By JOSEPH P. FRIED

SECTION: Section B; Page 2; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 506 words


A lawyer for Vincent Gigante, the man the Government says is chief of the
Genovese crime family, showed yesterday that a witness's testimony linking Mr.
Gigante to a plot to kill another mob boss was not mentioned in a Government
report of the witness's original account to the F.B.I.

The discrepancy and others like it were brought up in an attempt by Mr.
Gigante's defense to undercut the testimony that the witness, Alphonse D'Arco, a
former mobster turned Government informer, provided against Mr. Gigante during
his two days on the stand in Federal District Court in Brooklyn.

Mr. Gigante is on trial there on murder and racketeering charges, accused of
ordering seven killings and conspiring in several other murder plots that were
not carried out. One failed plot, the prosecution charges, was a conspiracy to
kill John Gotti, then the boss of the Gambino crime family.

Mr. D'Arco testified Tuesday that in 1990 he had agreed to help kill Mr. Gotti
with a remote-control bomb. He said he had not dealt with Mr. Gigante in the
plot but with another top mobster, Vittorio Amuso, then head of still another
Mafia family, the Lucchese group. Mr. Amuso, Mr. D'Arco testified, had said at
the time that Mr. Gigante knew about the plot, thus suggesting that Mr. Gigante
sanctioned it.

But in cross-examining Mr. D'Arco yesterday, the defense lawyer produced a
Federal Bureau of Investigation report of a 1993 interview with Mr. D'Arco that
does not quote him as saying he had been told that Mr. Gigante knew of the plot.
Confronted with the report by the lawyer, Michael A. Marinaccio, Mr. D'Arco
insisted that the report was wrong because he had told the agents who
interviewed him about Mr. Amuso's statement regarding Mr. Gigante.

That became a refrain: in various instances when Mr. Marinaccio produced F.B.I.
reports of Mr. D'Arco's accounts that differed from his trial testimony, Mr.
D'Arco responded that the reports were wrong or incomplete.

"I can't be responsible for what they wrote down," he said.

Mr. D'Arco, 64, said he hoped his prosecution testimony in this and earlier
Mafia trials would help him avoid a life sentence for the killings he has
participated in.

Today, in what lawyers in the case said appeared to be a first in the Federal
courts, a former Genovese family associate named Peter Savino is to testify by
closed-circuit television. He is suffering from advanced cancer, and Judge Jack
B. Weinstein has agreed with the prosecution's contention that Mr. Savino is too
ill to travel to the Brooklyn court from an undisclosed out-of-state location in
the witness protection program. He will be seen and heard on television monitors
in the courtroom as he answers questions from a prosecutor and defense lawyer in
the courtroom.

One defense lawyer, Steven R. Kartagener, said it appeared that Mr. Savino would
be the first adult witness to testify this way in a Federal criminal trial. The
judge cited instances in which previously recorded testimony has been played in
Federal trials.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              March 1, 2009 Sunday

Rent A Garden Plot

SECTION: G; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 251  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


The Lancaster County Department of Parks and Recreation has garden plots
available for rent April 15-Oct. 15. Renters can apply for a plot as early as
Monday, March 2.

Lancaster County residents can select either a 20-by-20-foot or 20-by-40-foot
plot. Renters pay a one-time fee of $18 for a small plot, $23 for a larger plot.
The garden plots are located off Farm View Drive just off Golf Road in Lancaster
County Central Park.

Gardeners of all skill levels can rent garden plots to grow their own flowers
and vegetables. Organic plots are also available. These are plots that have been
free of pesticides and herbicides for more than three years.

Additionally, the Lancaster County Department of Parks and Recreation, and Penn
State Cooperative Extension Master Gardeners Program are offering a variety of
garden workshops. Sessions take place from 7-8:30 p.m. and will be held in the
Lancaster County Environmental Center off Eshelman Mill Road in Central Park.

Workshop dates and topics will be discussed at 7 p.m. Tuesday, March 18, and
will be launched that date with an introduction to vegetable gardening.
Participants can learn about site selection, soil preparation and plant
selection.

There is a $1 fee per workshop, but those who rent a garden plot in Central Park
may attend free of charge. Preregistration is required to attend workshops. To
register for a garden plot or workshop, visit the park office between 8:30
a.m.-5 p.m. Monday-Friday, in Central Park, off Chesapeake Street, or call
299-8215.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           February 18, 2014 Tuesday

Feds want shoe bomb plotter to testify

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 714 words


NEW HAVEN, Connecticut (AP) Federal prosecutors want a man convicted in a failed
2001 shoe bomb plot to bring down an airplane to testify at the sentencing of
two British citizens who pleaded guilty in Connecticut to supporting terrorists
through websites.

The testimony reflects an effort by prosecutors to show that Babar Ahmad, one of
the two men facing sentencing in Connecticut, had an active role in sending
recruits to terrorism training camps beyond appealing for support on the
websites.

Prosecutors say the witness is expected to testify that Ahmad sent him to
Afghanistan to train for violent jihad and that he ultimately moved on from
Ahmad and came under the mentorship and training of al-Qaida members who
prepared him for the shoe bomb plot. The man also is expected to testify that he
saw nearly two dozen others that Ahmad sent from the United Kingdom to train in
Afghanistan, and he would describe camping trips and training exercises that
Ahmad organized in England to groom recruits for violent jihad abroad,
prosecutors said.

"Ahmad"s conduct went beyond cyberspace and included real world effects and
consequences flowing from the criminal activity, regardless of the media used to
plan, coordinate and execute some of the conduct," prosecutors wrote in court
papers last week, citing his efforts to send people to Afghanistan to train for
violent jihad and emails discussing night vision goggles and safe routes into
Afghanistan.

Ahmad"s attorneys say they"ll respond in court objecting to the request to have
the man testify by a videotaped deposition.

Prosecutors didn"t name the man they want to testify, but his description
matches that of Saajid Badat, a British citizen whose videotaped testimony was
shown at the 2012 New York City trial of a man convicted in a foiled plot to
attack the New York City subway system in 2009. A spokesman for the prosecutors
declined to comment to The Associated Press on the witness"s identity.

Badat was convicted in London in a plot to down an American Airlines flight from
Paris to Miami with explosives hidden in his shoes. He said at that trial that
he refused a request to testify in person in the U.S. because he remains under
indictment in Boston on charges he conspired with failed shoe bomber Richard
Reid and has been told he"d be arrested if he set foot in the United States.

Prosecutors said the man they want to testify at Ahmad"s sentencing had
testified by videotape at the trial for the foiled subway plot, was indicted in
Massachusetts on charges related to the shoe bomb plot, refuses to testify in
the U.S. and expects to be arrested upon arrival in the country.

Reid was caught aboard a plane with explosives; Badat backed out.

Badat was sentenced to 13 years in prison. But British authorities later said
that in 2009, a judge secretly reduced his sentence to 11 years to reward him
for his cooperation in terror investigations.

Ahmad and Syed Talha Ahsan pleaded guilty in December to terrorism charges.
Ahmad admitted he sought recruits, cash and equipment such as gas masks for the
Taliban regime in Afghanistan through the websites.

The two men, who were living in Britain at the time, faced charges in
Connecticut because authorities said they used an Internet service provider in
the state to run one of the websites.

A prosecutor said Ahsan traveled to Afghanistan with Ahmad"s assistance to fight
and attend a training camp run by al-Qaida, but Ahsan didn"t admit that.

The cooperating witness, believed to be Badat, is expected to testify that Ahmad
originally recruited and radicalized him before sending him to the camp in
Afghanistan. He said he took an explosives training class with Ahsan and stayed
at a safe house in Kandahar in January 2001 during which Osama bin Laden visited
the location multiple times, prosecutors said.

Prosecutors acknowledge that Ahmad and Ashan will dispute his testimony.

"Accordingly, it is important for the court to hear from the witness to make its
own assessment, to understand the full scope and nature of the defendants"
conduct supporting terrorists, and ultimately, to resolve significant
anticipated factual disputes in connection with sentencing," prosecutors wrote.

Ahmad faces up to 25 years in prison and Ahsan faces up to 15 when they are
sentenced in July.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                       MX

                            February 10, 2006 Friday
                               Melbourne Edition

LA tower was next jettarget

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 337  words


PLOT DETAILS

US President George W. Bush today disclosed new details of a thwarted al-Qaida
plot to use shoe bombs to hijack an airliner and fly it into a Los Angeles
building.

As critics questioned the legality of Bush authorising a domestic spying
program, the President used declassified details of a previously disclosed plot
to show the threat of terrorism has not abated.

Bush said that in early 2002 the US and its allies thwarted a plot to use bombs
hidden in shoes to breach the cockpit door of a plane and fly it into the
tallest building in LA.

But he named the wrong building.

''We believe the intended target was Liberty Tower in Los Angeles, California,''
Bush said.

White House aides later said he meant Library Tower.

The 310m Library Tower is now known as US Bank Tower, but locally it is still
mostly called by the old name because of its proximity to the city's central
library.

Last October, the Bush administration had disclosed the plot to attack targets
on the West Coast using hijacked planes, saying this was among 10 disrupted
al-Qaida plots.

Bush today said that in October 2001, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the operational
mastermind of the September 11 attacks that year, had set in motion a plot for
another attack inside the US to hijack a plane and fly it into the tallest
building on the US west coast.

''Rather than use Arab hijackers as he had on September 11, Khalid Sheikh

Mohammed sought out young men from South-East Asia he believed would not arouse
as much suspicion,'' Bush said.

Mohammed was captured in Pakistan in March 2003 and has since been held at an
undisclosed location.

In his speech, Bush praised the efforts of Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf
in fighting terrorism.

Bush has been fighting criticism of his decision to authorise the National
Security Agency to eavesdrop without court warrants inside the US on
international emails and phone calls placed to and from people with suspected
ties to terrorism.

He has said it is a necessary tool for preventing another attack on the US.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEL


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Sydney MX (Australia)

                            February 10, 2006 Friday
                                  SYD Edition

LA tower was next jettarget

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 337  words


PLOT DETAILS

US President George W. Bush today disclosed new details of a thwarted al-Qaida
plot to use shoe bombs to hijack an airliner and fly it into a Los Angeles
building.

As critics questioned the legality of Bush authorising a domestic spying
program, the President used declassified

details of a previously disclosed plot to show the threat of terrorism has not
abated.

Bush said that in early 2002 the US and its allies thwarted a plot to use bombs
hidden in shoes to breach the cockpit door of a plane and fly it into the
tallest building in LA.

But he named the wrong building.

''We believe the intended target was Liberty Tower in Los Angeles, California,''
Bush said.

White House aides later said he meant Library Tower.

The 310m Library Tower is now known as US Bank Tower, but locally it is still
mostly called by the old name because of its proximity to the city's central
library.

Last October, the Bush administration had disclosed the plot to attack targets
on the West Coast using hijacked planes, saying this was among 10 disrupted
al-Qaida plots.

Bush today said that in October 2001, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the operational
mastermind of the September 11 attacks that year, had set in motion a plot for
another attack inside the US to hijack a plane and fly it into the tallest
building on the US west coast.

''Rather than use Arab hijackers as he had on September 11, Khalid Sheikh
Mohammed sought out young men from South-East Asia he believed would not arouse
as much suspicion,'' Bush said.

Mohammed was captured in Pakistan in March 2003 and has since been held at an
undisclosed location.

In his speech, Bush praised the efforts of Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf
in fighting terrorism.

Bush has been fighting criticism of his decision to authorise the National
Security Agency to eavesdrop without court warrants inside the US on
international emails and phone calls placed to and from people with suspected
ties to terrorism.

He has said it is a necessary tool for preventing another attack on the US.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MATP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MXS


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 March 31, 1994 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

HOW TO FIND A LITTLE PLOT OF GARDEN TO CALL YOUR OWN

BYLINE: Mercury News Staff Report

SECTION: GARDEN; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 376 words


FOLKS who want to garden, but have no space to call their own, can get their
hands on community garden plots.

Some plots are open at local gardens for San Jose residents. For details on
obtaining a plot, call John Dotter, garden programs supervisor, at (408)
277-2575.

Santa Clara also has a new community garden with 50 plots available at 1840
Benton St. This is the site of the Educational Options campus, which includes
the Santa Clara Unified School District's adult school. It's the old Wilson
Junior High School.

When a resident signs up for Santa Clara gardening classes, which start next
week, the gardener is also assigned a 5-foot-by-20-foot plot for growing flowers
and vegetables. For information, call Educational Options at (408) 984-6220.

A WILD MONTH: Coyote Point Museum in San Mateo will launch April Wildflower
Month with a special show Saturday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Attractions include
tours, slide shows, lectures and demonstrations, co-sponsored by the museum and
California Native Plant Society.

In the coming month, docents will lead Wildflower Habitat garden tours at 1 p.m.
each Saturday and Sunday to identify flowers and share landscaping tips using
native plants.

Also scheduled: Cindy Nelson of City Worms, on worm composting, 1 p.m. April 16;
beekeeper Tom von Tersh, on bee history and beekeeping, 1 p.m. April 23; John
Steiner of San Francisco Bay National Wildlife Refuge, on butterfly gardening, 1
p.m. April 24.

California Native Plant Society members also will hold wildflower tours at San
Bruno Mountain, 10 a.m. April 10, and at Edgewood Park in Redwood City, 9:30
a.m. April 30. Cost for the tours is $3 for museum and CNPS members, $8 for
non-members.

For details and registration for any of the programs, call the museum at (415)
342-7755.

FLOWERS WITH CLASS: Bob Will, one of the top flower experts in the Bay Area,
will be teaching a class, "Floral Design for Beginners," starting Monday at
Foothill College in Los Altos Hills.

The class, which includes plant information, will run from 6 to 9 p.m. Mondays
for 10 weeks. Will is a longtime instructor with Foothill's Ornamental
Horticulture department who really knows his flowers. For more information, call
(415) 949-7402.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Send Getting Out items to Garden Editor Joan Jackson at 750 Ridder Park
Drive, San Jose 95190; or fax (408) 920-5244. Or call the California Relay
Service, 1-800-735-2922, and tell the operator that you wish place a TDD call to
Joan Jackson at (408) 920-5518.

                     Copyright 1994 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                          September 29, 2011 Thursday

FBI faces entrapment questions over Rezwan Ferdaus bomb plot arrest

BYLINE: Paul Harrisguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 1111 words

ABSTRACT

Sting operation to arrest physics graduate, 26, raises concerns that US Muslims
might be targeted using entrapment techniques

FULL TEXT

The dramatic arrest of a man in Massachusetts accused of plotting to crash
explosive-filled miniature airplanes into the US Capitol and the Pentagon has
sparked fresh concerns that the FBI might be using entrapment techniques aimed
at Muslims in America.

Rezwan Ferdaus, a 26-year-old US citizen and physics graduate who lived at home
with his parents in Ashland, near Boston, was the target of an FBI sting in
which he bought a miniature aircraft that he planned to outfit as a flying bomb.

However, some legal organisations and Muslim groups have questioned whether
Ferdaus, whose activities were carried out with two undercover FBI agents posing
as terrorists, would have been able to carry out such a sophisticated plot if
left to his own devices. In numerous previous cases in the US, the FBI has been
accused of over-zealousness in its investigations and of entrapping people into
terror plots who might otherwise not have carried out an attack.

"It deeply concerns us. It is another in a pattern of high-profile cases. Would
this person have conceived or executed this plot without the influence of the
FBI?" said Heidi Boghosian, president of the National Lawyers Guild.

The Council on American-Islamic Relations also expressed its concern and
wondered if more details would later emerge at trial that showed the full scale
of the FBI involvement in setting up the sting. "There is a big, big difference
between a plot initiated by the FBI and a plot initiated by a suspect, and it
seems this might have been initiated by the FBI," said Ibrahim Hooper, CAIR's
director of communications.

The lengthy affidavit filed by prosecutors against Ferdaus details an elaborate
plot in which he repeatedly expressed his desire to kill Americans and his
support for Islamic jihad. The affidavit showed he came up with a detailed plan
of attack and even scouted his targets in Washington in person. He also built
mobile phone "detonators" that he supplied to undercover FBI agents posing as
al-Qaida terrorists and expressed his pleasure when told him they had been used
to kill American soldiers in Iraq.

However, it also contains some areas of concern. Few details are given as to how
Ferdaus came to the attention of the FBI. Mention is only made of a co-operating
witness, known as CW, who met Ferdaus in December 2010 and soon began recording
his conversations.

No details are given as to CW's identity, but it is mentioned that he or she has
a criminal record and has served time in prison. That raises the prospect that
the CW may have had some ulterior motive to bring an alleged terror suspect to
the attention of the FBI or could be an unreliable witness.

Another potential area of concern is a meeting on 19 April 2011, when the
undercover agents met with Ferdaus and questioned the "feasibility" of his plan.
That raises the prospect that the FBI agents were somehow goading Ferdaus into
more action. "Ferdaus responded in a defensive manner that he had made
progress," the affidavit stated.

At the same meeting the undercover agents also gave financial assistance for
Ferdaus to travel to Washington on a scouting trip: a fact that raises the
question of whether he would have made the trip without that financial help. The
undercover agents also supplied thousands of dollars in cash for Ferdaus to buy
the F-86 Sabre miniature plane to be used in an attack.

Another portion of the affidavit also details Ferdaus's enthusiasm for making
mobile phone detonation devices that he believed were being sent to Iraq and
used by terrorists. Ferdaus suggested sending a box of 50 mobile phones to war
zones where terrorists were in need of them. He even wanted to set up a sort of
workshop to produce up to 30 of the devices a week.

"Ferdaus indicated that he could write instructions or make a video on how to
construct the cell phone detonation devices," the affidavit said. Such an
apparently outlandish idea that hinges on the idea that Islamic terrorists are
desperately short of cheap mobile phones might suggest Ferdaus was, to some
extent, a fantasist rather than a genuine threat.

However, some legal experts said that the case against Ferdaus appeared
compelling, especially as he frequently and repeatedly indicated his desire and
willingness to carry out terrorist attacks against Americans. In trying to mount
a successful defence of entrapment it is vital to prove that a suspect has no
pre-disposition to the crime they are accused of doing. In the Ferdaus case that
would seem to be difficult, lawyers said.

"He took the weaponry and agreed to do it. That demonstrates a propensity and
willingness to do it," said Anthony Barkow, a former terrorism prosecutor and
executive director of the Center on the Administration of Criminal Law at New
York University.

Barkow defended the FBI investigation and said that the US authorities took
careful steps to avoid the issue of entrapment. "The Justice Department is very
aware of this issue," he said.

Certainly the affidavit against Ferdaus paints a compelling picture of a man
hellbent on waging jihad in America and eager to take the guns and explosives
eventually supplied to him by the undercover FBI agents. He repeatedly states in
recorded conversations that he is happy for Americans to die and that the idea
for the attack was his own. "That's excellent," Ferdaus said when told one of
his phone detonators had been used overseas and had killed Americans.

The prosecution case also reveals how Ferdaus ordered the plane and rented a
storage facility in which to keep it and then took delivery from the FBI agents
of 25 pounds of C-4 explosives, three grenades and six AK-47 rifles. It also
shows Ferdaus explaining how he had become convinced that he needed to attack
America after viewing jihadist websites online. "I just can't stop; there is no
other choice for me," he said of his decision to launch the attacks.

Prosecutors have staunchly defended the FBI operation. "Our top priority is to
protect our nation from terrorism and national security threats," said US
attorney Carmen Ortiz.

FBI officials have also said the investigation was carried out responsibly and
to head off a real threat. "We have an obligation to take action to protect the
public whenever an individual expresses a desire to commit violence. A committed
individual, even one with no direct connections to, or formal training from, an
international terrorist organization, can pose a serious danger to the
community," said Richard DesLauriers, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's
Boston Division

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 13, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

GREENBURG AND WHITE PLAINS RESIDENTS TAKE TO THE FIELDS

BYLINE: By TOM CALLAHAN

SECTION: Section 11WC; Page 27, Column 1; Westchester Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1068 words


ON workdays Henry Hamrick can be found behind a desk in New York City as an
engineer. But on Saturdays and Sundays he can be found toiling in the soil of
Greenburgh School District 7 as a farmer.

''I enjoy getting my hands dirty and watching something I have planted grow,''
he says of his weekend work. ''I find it a total diversion from the hours I
spend sitting behind a desk all week.''

Mr. Hamrick is one of many residents of the county getting the opportunity to
grow their own vegetables and produce on public land. Community farms or gardens
exist in Greenburgh and White Plains, and a bill before the County Board of
Legislators would make county land available to any weekend farmer interested on
working a plot.

''The Farm,'' as it is called in Greenburgh, is on two-and-one-half acres of
School District 7 land divided into two sites consisting of 270 plots of 12 by
18 feet. An ad hoc committee of volunteers assigns the plots each spring to 120
school district residents for a $2 fee. Those who farmed in previous years are
offered their plots back, with the rest of the land given to new farmers or
those who wish additional plots.  During weekdays, the first site appears
deserted; it is located in a small clearing besides a road traveled mostly by
school buses where the trees and brush have been pushed back. Individual plots
are marked off by small chicken wire fences or sticks in the ground.

But on weekends during the late spring and summer months, this land is filled
with people such as Roslyn Bain who, with her husband, Milo, has been farming in
Greenburgh since the program started in 1976.

''We've been doing it all these years because we like gardening and working in
the soil,'' Mrs. Bain said. ''Plus we get a supply of fresh vegetables. We used
to garden around our house but there isn't enough sunlight available there now,
so The Farm is perfect.''

Mrs. Bain has found that many of the people who originally took plots on school
district land have kept them every year, while others quickly learned the
difficulties of gardening and dropped out.

''Most people,'' she said, ''leave their plot only when they retire or move out
of the area. We do get a lot of new people, though, and most of them stay on.
But there are a few who will work their plots only until the weather gets hot
and then they quit right before they get the results.''

The idea for the Greenburgh program began with Myrna Youdelman and what she
described as her frustration with the lack of nutritional awareness in the
Greenburgh schools: ''One day while coming out of school I looked at all the
gorgeous land around there and knew we could make a farm and grow our own good
food.''

While most participants are happy to get fresh food, they have also come to see
The Farm as an important community meeting place.

''The camaraderie among people is amazing,'' said Mrs. Youdelman, who had her
own plot until a knee injury two years ago forced her to give it up. ''If people
were planting seeds in their own backyard and had a few left over, they wouldn't
think of going across the street to share them with a neighbor. But on The Farm
everybody shares and cooperates because they have the same interest.''

Mr. Hamrick, who learned the basics of gardening during his upbringing in West
Virginia, agreed: ''Everybody knows one another out there, and it's a great way
to meet your neighbors and people in the community who you never see anywhere
else.''

While he conceded that there were occasional problems with vandalism - and
woodchucks in the surrounding woods that raid the plots at night - he added,
''people seem to come back every year despite the setbacks.''

Like Greenburgh, White Plains has two sites for its community garden, one on the
old Baldwin Farm off Hall Avenue and the other on the New York Hospital property
off Bryant Avenue. The White Plains Department of Recreation and Parks handles
the program and offers free plots to anyone with a city recreation
identification card.

The White Plains community garden has been in existence for eight years and now
has 90 farmers, with 20 more on a waiting list for plots. The city creates
additional plots each year to meet the demand.

''People benefit tremendously from this program,'' said Patti Carter, a White
Plains recreation supervisor. ''I find in the recreation area we deal mostly
with athletic programs or cultural and art programs. But the garden attracts a
completely different group of people than the ones we see at our other programs.
I'm happy we can offer it.''

Miss Carter, who works a plot of her own, said that the garden attracts a wide
variety of people, with most falling into the 25- to 40-year old age group.
''The program is convenient for people,'' she added. ''There are 90 farmers but
I don't see many people around when I go out to my own plot. One of the nice
things is that people can come out whenever they feel like it.''

County Legislator Paul J. Feiner, Democrat of Greenburgh, is the sponsor of a
bill to open up county land for vegetable and produce plots. He suggested that
such a program would benefit the county's image as well as the citizen's dinner
table.

''I feel,'' he says, ''that this could be the most popular program the County
Recreation Department has ever run. It's inexpensive but highly visible. You
have to let people know that the county government exists and this recreation
program would do that.''

Mr. Feiner would like to see the county start with one of its own test programs
and, if that is successful, expand it to a network of farm plots countywide. His
plan would also request that participants tithe, or give back, 10 percent of
their crop for programs for the elderly or for charities.

Those working their own public plots are enthusiastic about the possibility of a
county program. ''I feel certain,'' Mr. Hamrick said, ''that this would work on
a countywide basis. You would find a lot of people who would want plots, and it
really doesn't take much land to satisfy them, only a few acres.''

Everybody should have this opportunity,'' Mrs. Bain added. ''I'm sure that the
response in other communities would be as great as it is in Greenburgh.''

But right now the main concern of these weekend farmers is clearing off their
plots, planting the seeds, and providing the many long weeks of tender loving
care needed to get a good crop.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Frank Grasso with leek grown at the Community Farm; photo of
residents working their plots at the site

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           September 8, 2009 Tuesday

Three convicted of bomb plot to blow up airliners

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 523 words


The al-Qaida-inspired terror cell planned to detonate homemade liquid bombs
onboard flights bound for major north American cities.

Abdulla Ahmed Ali, Assad Sarwar and Tanvir Hussain were found guilty of
conspiracy to murder by detonating the bombs on airliners following the largest
ever counter-terrorism operation in Britain.

Sue Hemming, head of the Crown Prosecution Service Counter Terrorism Division,
said: "These men wanted to bring down several aircraft in a short space of time,
indiscriminately killing hundreds of innocent people   perhaps more if they had
succeeded in activating their devices while over cities.

"This was a calculated and sophisticated plot to create a terrorist event of
global proportions and the jury concluded that Ali, Sarwar and Hussain knew what
the target was."

British Home Secretary Alan Johnson said: "I am pleased that the jury has
recognised that there was a plot to bomb transatlantic flights and that three
people have been convicted of that plot.

"This case reaffirms that we face a real and serious threat from terrorism."

Counter-terrorist police and the security services spent more than £35 million (
39m) foiling the plot and bringing Ali and the others to justice.

The arrest of the gang in August 2006 sparked tight restrictions on carrying
liquids on to aircraft which initially caused travel chaos.

Yesterday's guilty verdicts will come as a relief to Government ministers who
endured heavy criticism for introducing the draconian luggage restrictions.

Jurors deliberated for more than 50 hours at the end of a six-month trial at
Woolwich Crown Court.

It will also be seen as a vindication of the decision to retry Ali after he was
found guilty of conspiracy to murder last September. The previous jury failed to
reach verdicts on the airline plot. British-born Ali, 28, of Walthamstow, east
London, was inspired by the July 7 bombers and Osama bin Laden and considered
taking his baby son on his suicide mission.

He planned to smuggle homemade bombs disguised as soft drinks on to passenger
jets run by United Airlines, American Airlines and Air Canada.

The hydrogen peroxide devices would have been assembled and detonated in mid-air
by a team of suicide bombers.

Ali singled out seven flights to San Francisco, Toronto, Montreal, Washington,
New York and Chicago that departed within two-and-a-half hours of each other.

Police said the plot was drawn up in Pakistan with detailed instructions passed
to Ali during frequent trips to its lawless border with Afghanistan.

They believe a mystery al-Qaida bombmaker was responsible for the ingenious
liquid bomb design, concealed within 500ml Oasis or Lucozade bottles.

Surveillance teams watched Ali on his return to Britain as he assembled his
terror cell, gathered materials and identified targets.

Undercover officers looked on as he used cash to purchase a £138,000 flat in
Forest Road, Walthamstow.

They planted a secret bug that revealed it had been converted into a bomb
factory where Ali met others to construct the bombs.

The flat was also used as a location for Ali and others to record suicide videos
threatening further attacks against the West.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             April 5, 2014 Saturday

Parks Department Is Renting Garden Plots

BYLINE: Ad Crable

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 254  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

acrable@lnpnews.com

As sure a sign as any that spring really has overtaken a stubborn winter, the
Lancaster County Department of Parks and Recreation is again renting garden
plots to the public at Lancaster County Central Park.

The garden season runs from April 15 through Oct. 15. The public can apply for a
plot at the park office located at 1050 Rockford Road, or call 299-8215. Office
hours are Monday through Friday from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.

County residents can select either a 20-foot-by-20-foot plot or a
20-foot-by-40-foot plot. Renters pay a one-time fee of $22 for a small plot and
$27.50 for a larger plot.

The garden plots are located off Farm View Drive just off Golf Road in Central
Park.

Gardeners of all skill levels can rent garden plots to grow their own flowers
and vegetables. They are ideal for gardeners with limited space at home and
great for groups looking for a summer project.

County park naturalist Lisa J. Sanchez, a longtime Central Park gardener, says,
"Being involved in a community garden plot program provides an opportunity to
meet people and to share gardening techniques, plants and food. It's a great
idea to grow your own food - to choose what you want to plant. Watching birds
and other wildlife in their outdoor habitat is an added plus."

Organic plots are also available. These spaces have been free of pesticides and
herbicides for several years. Organic plots may be rented over the winter months
as well.

For more information about plot rentals, visit lancastercountyparks.org.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   InfoWorld

                                 March 20, 1989

Plotview Upgrade Adds Unlimited Plot File Size

BY BOB PONTING

SECTION: SOFTWARE; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 207 words


Ajida Technologies Inc. is scheduled to ship this month an enhanced version of
its Windows plot-preview utility that adds support for unlimited plot file size,
choices of pen colors and widths, and clipboard support to export metafiles as
well as bit maps.

Plotview, Release 2.0 lets users view, print, cut, and paste from plot files in
Hewlett-Packard Graphics Language format.

Because the program is a utility designed to run under Microsoft Windows, users
can produce a plotter file with one Windows application and easily open another
window to preview the plot and print it on any graphics printer supported by
Windows, according to David Berkovec, Ajida's marketing manager.

The product can scale, rotate, zoom, and scroll plots on-screen.  The new
version can display any size plot file, and lets users transfer portions of the
plot in Metafile vector format through the Windows clipboard to other Windows
applications, Berkovec said.

Plotview 2.0 will cost $ 79, up from $ 59 for the previous version.  Registered
users who acquired Plotview in 1988 can upgrade to Release 2.0 for $ 35, and
those who bought it this year can upgrade for $ 25.

Ajida Technologies Inc., 613 Fourth St., Santa Rosa, CA 95404; (707) 545-7777.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration, The Windows-based plot-preview utility Plotview now
supports metafiles, larger plots, and more varieties of pen colors and widths.

                      Copyright 1989 InfoWorld Media Group


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           September 23, 2008 Tuesday

CHRIS NISKANEN: North Dakota hunting lands are disappearing

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: OUTDOORS; Chris Niskanen; Columnists

LENGTH: 659 words


JAMESTOWN, N.D. -- At first I thought we were lost.

With map in hand, I was giving a friend directions to a piece of private land
opened to hunters under North Dakota's Private Lands Open To Sportsmen (PLOTS)
program. We were hunting sharp-tailed grouse near Jamestown last week, and the
detailed PLOTS booklet in my lap showed we should be driving past an accessible
piece of land listed on the map.

But the telltale triangular PLOTS signs were missing, and the field was planted
with corn.

"Another one bites the dust," I said of the hunting area.

It was obvious the landowner decided not to renew his PLOTS contract and saw a
better deal by planting a crop in his field. During three days of hunting in
North Dakota, it was one of many PLOTS fields I noticed have disappeared in
North Dakota, one of the most popular destinations for Minnesota sportsmen.

Moreover, I remembered the same field used to be planted in grass under the
Conservation Reserve Program, so not only was the 300 acres no longer open to
hunting, but any habitat benefits for pheasants or ducks disappeared when the
plow hit the ground.

Nonresident hunters visiting North Dakota might find a lot of their favorite
hunting areas are AWOL this year.

"It's been a race by landowners to get the (PLOTS) signs down,'' said Randy
Kreil, wildlife division chief for the North Dakota Game and Fish Department. In
other words, some landowners are bailing on the PLOTS program as soon as they
can.

Last fall, the North Dakota wildlife agency hit its benchmark of enrolling 1
million acres into the PLOTS program, which pays landowners a small fee to open
their land to hunters. A similar program in South Dakota is called the Walk-In
Program. Efforts to get such a program off the ground in Minnesota have failed
repeatedly.

Kreil said the state has lost about 30,000 acres of PLOTS since last year, but
the number appears far larger than that. Of the 1 million acres in PLOTS, about
400,000 acres were enrolled in the federal CRP program, which in North Dakota is
being gutted by high commodity prices and low federal rental rates for
landowners. Many of the highest quality PLOTS land for bird hunting were also
CRP acres. Last year, North Dakota lost more than 400,000 acres of CRP.

CRP losses so far "are just the beginning," Kreil said. Before last year, North
Dakota had 3.2 million acres of CRP, but the current forecast calls for the
state to lose another 1 million acres by 2012. "Last year's losses don't seem so
bad, compared to what the dramatic changes you see coming down the road," Kreil
said.

Anyone who has hunted North Dakota in recent years knows how valuable the PLOTS
program is.

Granted, not all PLOTS acres provided the best hunting habitat, in my
experience, but these areas provided access to private lands and alleviated
hunting pressure on state and federal lands. The PLOTS guide booklet, available
at retail outlets throughout the state, is an invaluable resource to finding
these lands, but this year's guide warns hunters to do more "preseason homework
than previous years" because PLOTS lands are disappearing.

Don't expect this year's booklet to accurately reflect the changes, either.
Kreil said many landowners were dropping out of the program as the booklet was
being printed. I found last week that many tracts were listed in the map, but
the roadside PLOTS signs were gone and the land wasn't accessible any longer.

You'll find other changes as well. Because of a drought in North Dakota, many
landowners hayed their PLOTS and CRP lands, resulting in a poor habitat for fall
hunting.

Drought conditions also are plaguing many wetlands in North Dakota. Some shallow
potholes are dry, while deeper ones have pulled far away from the shoreline.

Kreil said North Dakota has been attracting far fewer waterfowl hunters than in
past years, and with the drought, loss of PLOTS lands and high gas prices, he
predicts even fewer nonresidents will be hunting North Dakota this year.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            December 12, 2003 Friday

Plots near Roy Rogers on eBay;
Cemetery auctions sites near famous cowboy

BYLINE: JACOB QUINN SANDERSSTAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 622 words


APPLE VALLEY - Roy Rogers lies here under crisp green grass, behind a short gate
and near a pond over which a bronze eagle hovers as sentinel. Next to the movie
cowboy is his wife and co-star, Dale Evans, just as she should be.

But this final resting place is hardly peaceful. Not this week.

Six cemetery plots near the graves of Rogers and Evans landed onthe auction Web
site eBay this week, ranging in price from $13,200 to $90,000. The National
Enquirer published a story, and the executive director of the High Desert
Executives' Association sent out a press release.

"I'm the head of this family and no one asked me," Roy"Dusty" Rogers Jr. said in
a telephone interview from his office at the family's museum in Branson, Mo.
"It's distasteful. It's disrespectful of Mom and Dad. To do this on eBay is just
ridiculous."

Bold-faced type on the eBay postings reads: "Many otherproperties are available,
but the areas next to Roy and Dale are selling out quickly. Don't miss this
opportunity!"

Chet Hitt, who owns Sunset Hills Memorial Park and Mortuary,where Rogers and
Evans are buried, said in an interview he put the plots up for auction with the
family's permission. He ordered the auctions stopped Friday after speaking with
Dusty Rogers. No one bid on the plots.

"I know Chet real well," Dusty said. "I'm not trying to stophim from doing
business. But come on."

Roy Rogers died July 6, 1998, at age 86. Evans died Feb. 7, 2001;she was 88.

Open since 1995, Sunset Hills is still in the process of buildingthe Roy
Rogers-Dale Evans Sunset Chapel. Some of the money from the auctions, Hitt said,
would have gone toward the construction.

Hitt sold the plot directly across from Rogers and Evans lessthan 3 feet from
their front gate in 2002 to Max Hurlbut, 64, of Bellingham, Wash. The
transaction had nothing to do with a Web site, just boyhood interest.

"I grew up cap pistol in hand," Hurlbut said in a telephoneinterview from his
home. "I grew up watching Roy Rogers, and westerns were very popular."

Hurlbut spent 25 years with the Los Angeles Police Department andlater took
police jobs in Alaska and Arizona, including a stint as town marshal in
Tombstone, inspired in part by those westerns.

Hurlbut visited Victorville last year to see the Roy Rogers-DaleEvans Museum it
moved to Branson this year and thought a stop at their graves would add
something.

"One day I dropped by the cemetery and found it was closed," hesaid. "There was
a fellow working nearby, and it was Chet. We talked, and I thought I might like
to be buried there."

Hitt said Hurlbut's purchase gave him the idea to market theplots as a chance to
spend eternity within spitting distance of the King of the Cowboys. Auctioning
the plots on eBay, he said, was just a natural extension of that marketing.

"It worked for us to a degree," he said. "We didn't get bidson eBay, but we got
a lot of phone calls and 2,900 hits on our Web site."

The largest of the plots up for auction can hold six caskets butcould be
modified to accommodate 12. The price: $90,000 or, as the posting said, "only
$7,500 per person for a family of 12."

A second plot, for $30,000, features year-round flowering plantsand a granite
bench.

Four other plots are simpler and, at 35 feet from Rogers andEvans, the farthest
away. They were also the cheapest: $13,200 each.

Hurlbut's plot has room for four and a view to rival the onewhere Rogers and
Evans lie.

He declined to say how much he paid.

"Chet is one of the rare fellows in business who is as good ashis word," Hurlbut
said. "I got a deal on the plot I bought. I couldn't say no, especially when
being right there next to Roy didn't cost any extra."

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Valley Daily Bulletin


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Gold Coast Bulletin (Australia)

                             March 16, 2007 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Sinister bid to sheik the world

SECTION: FOCUS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 515  words


TOP al-Qaeda operative Khalid Sheikh Mohammed has claimed responsibility for
some 31 separate terror attacks or plots. They are (omitting one plot which was
censored from the US Defence Department transcript):

1. The 1993 bombing of the World Trade Centre in New York City.

2. The September 11, 2001 attacks on the New York World Trade Centre and the
Pentagon in Washington.

3. A 'shoe bomber' operation to bring down two US commercial planes.

4. The October 2002 attack on US soldiers on Kuwait's Faylahkah Island.

5. The 2002 Bali nightclub bombings which killed more than 200 people, including
88 Australians.

6. A plan for a 'second wave' assault on major US landmarks in the wake of the
September 11 attacks, with targets including the Library Tower in Los Angeles,
Sears Tower in Chicago, Plaza Bank building in Seattle and the Empire State
Building in New York.

7. Plots to attack US military vessels and oil tankers in the Straits of Hormuz,
the Strait of Gibraltar and in Singapore.

8. A plan to blow up the Panama Canal.

9. An assassination attempt against ex-US president Jimmy Carter, as well as
other former presidents.

10. A plot to blow up suspension bridges in New York.

11. A plan to burn fuel trucks beneath or around the Chicago Sears Tower in
order to destroy it.

12. An operation to destroy Britain's Heathrow Airport and London's Canary Wharf
and Big Ben.

13. A planned attack on nightclubs in Thailand targeting US and British
nationals.

14. A plot targeting the New York Stock Exchange and other US finance industry
targets.

15. A plan to use planes flying from Saudi Arabia to attack and destroy
buildings in Elat, Israel.

16. Planned attacks aimed at destroying US embassies in Australia, Indonesia and
Japan.

17. Planned attacks on Israel's embassies in Australia, India, Azerbaijan and
the Philippines.

18. An attack on an Israeli El-Al flight from Bangkok.

19. Sending several 'mujahideen' into Israel to survey 'strategic targets'.

20. The deadly November 2002 suicide bombing of a hotel in Mombassa, Kenya,
frequented by Israelis.

21. The failed attempt to down an Israeli jet taking off from Mombassa airport
with an SA-7 surface-to-air missile on the same day as the hotel bombing.

22. A plot to attack US targets in South Korea, such as US bases and nightclubs
frequented by US soldiers.

23. Providing the financial support for a plan to attack US, British and Jewish
targets in Turkey.

24. Surveillance undertaken for a plan to attack US nuclear power plants.

25. A plot to attack NATO headquarters in Europe.

26. The 1995 'Bojinka Operation' in which attackers planned to bring down 12 US
passenger flights flying between mostly Pacific rim airports.

27. An assassination attempt planned against then US president Bill Clinton
during a mid-1990s trip to the Philippines.

28. A separate plot to kill Pope John Paul II while he visited the Philippines.

29. Plans to assassinate Pakistan President General Pervez Musharraf.

30. An attempt to attack a US oil company operating in Sumatra, Indonesia, that
Mohammed said was 'owned by the Jewish former (US) secretary of state Henry
Kissinger'.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GCB


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              July 9, 2006 Sunday

DEEP CREEPS; PATH SCHEME'S JUST ONE OF MANY KNOWN PLOTS: POL

BYLINE: DEBORAH ORIN, NILES LATHEM and ALEX GINSBERG

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 393 words


The chilling conspiracy to blow up PATH trains under the Hudson River revealed
earlier this week is just one of several credible plots targeting New York,
House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Rep. Peter King said yesterday.

"This is not all New York has to worry about -  there are certainly things out
there,"' said King (R-L.I.).

Law-enforcement sources told The Post that the feds have hundreds of open terror
investigations in the New York area.

Department of Homeland Security spokesman Russ Knocke wouldn't confirm that
there were other plots New York should be concerned about.

King declined to discuss other plots, but said the revelation of the PATH train
plot shows why it was "insanity" for the department to cut New York's
anti-terror funds by $80 million -  especially when the agency knew of the
tunnels threat.

DHS sent more money instead to low-risk cities like Louisville and Omaha in
Nebraska -  where cows outnumber people -  to buy high-tech equipment and
rejected New York's request for money to be used for personnel and overtime.

"That was the most infuriating thing," said King.

"We knew this [PATH] plot was out there and the NYPD was laying out money, using
personnel to combat it. The NYPD tried to anticipate in any reasonable way that
this plot could be anticipated.

"They were thinking outside the box, but that requires boots on the ground. I
knew that for Ray Kelly to have a good chance to defeat this plot he had to have
personnel, boots on the ground."

He added that the foiled PATH train tunnel attack had to be taken into
consideration along with countless other factors that determine funding.

"There is a tremendous amount of intelligence information that is out there," he
said. "And there are any number of threats that could be made. The formula
involves millions upon millions of data points."

New York can make up for some of the lost money through other funding sources,
including a $1 billion Commerce Department program to fund radio
interoperability, King said.

Last week, just before the PATH plot was revealed, the New York area got a
bigger share of separate railroad security money.

"This is proof positive that there has to be a change in thinking at DHS," said
King. "New York is the only city that was devastated twice and has had any
number of other plots against it. It's insanity."

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: UNDERWORLD: The PATH train tubes under the Hudson were targeted by
busted al Qaeda loyalist Assem Hammoud (right). Sources say there are hundreds
more ongoing terror investigations. (Jeff Day)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            March 17, 2010 Wednesday

Garden Plots Available At Park

SECTION: D; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 150  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Garden plots are again available for the public to rent at Lancaster County
Central Park.

Plots either 20-by-20 feet or 20-by-40 feet are available from April 15 through
Oct. 15. The plots cost $18 for the smaller ones and $23 for the larger ones.
The plots are located off Farm View Drive, just off Golf Road in the park.

The Lancaster County Department of Parks and Recreation is renting the plots
now. Apply at the parks office at 1050 Rockford Road Monday through Friday from
8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Gardeners of all skill levels can rent garden plots to grow flowers and
vegetables. They have been popular with gardeners with limited space at home and
with groups looking for a summer project.

Organic plots also are available. These plots have been free of pesticides and
herbicides for more than three years.

For more information, call the parks office at 299-8215 or visit
www.lancastercounty

parks.org.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              June 19, 2006 Monday

Was cyanide plot too paltry?

BYLINE: Michael McAuliff New York Daily News

LENGTH: 452 words


WASHINGTON -- Al-Qaida decided not to launch a deadly cyanide gas plot in New
York's subways because it wouldn't have killed enough people, according to the
author whose bombshell book revealed the frightening scheme.

"Al-Qaida's thinking is that a second-wave attack should be more destructive and
more disruptive than 9/11," writer Ron Suskind said in an interview with Time
magazine. "Why? Because that would create an upward arc of terror. . . . That
fear and terror is a central goal of the al-Qaida strategy."

News of the 2003 plot to use homemade cyanide bombs, the details of which have
been confirmed by the New York Daily News, was first revealed Friday in excerpts
from Suskind's book "The One Percent Doctrine."

The plot, purportedly masterminded by al-Qaida's ringleader in Saudi Arabia,
Yusuf al-Ayeri, involved planting crude but effective cyanide canisters around
the subway system before the start of the Iraq war.

Sen. Pat Roberts, chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, wouldn't
confirm that al-Qaida's No. 2 leader, Ayman al-Zawahiri, called off the attack
just 45 days before its execution because it would not be spectacular enough.
But Roberts, R-Kan., said the premise that Zawahiri pulled the plug "was
correct."

"I think, when any terrorist considers an attack, they also consider the public
reaction," Roberts said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday.

City and federal officials learned of the plot from an al-Qaida mole dubbed
"Ali" and beefed up security around the subways in hopes of heading off the
strike, which could have killed hundreds.

The plot "underscores the stupidity" of the Homeland Security Department
slashing the city's anti-terror funding by 40 percent, said Sen. Charles
Schumer, D-N.Y.

Rep. Pete King, R-N.Y., chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee,
agreed.

"It's just madness that (the Homeland Security Department) cut New York City's
funding by 40 percent," said King, who will put department officials on the hot
seat before his committee Wednesday.

If Zawahiri did squash the gas attack because it wouldn't be deadly enough, that
boosts the argument that federal authorities should not be spreading security
dollars around the country in places such as Louisville, Ky., and Omaha, Neb.,
which saw major hikes in funding. Only in places such as New York and Washington
can terrorists hope to raise the ante from Sept. 11, King said.

"Some of these other cities just aren't going to get hit," he said.

When President Bush learned the cyanide plot had been nixed, according to
Suskind, Bush said: "This is bad enough. What does calling this off say about
what else they're planning? . . . What could be the bigger operation Zawahiri
didn't want to mess up?"

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 7, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

NORTHEAST JOURNAL

SECTION: Section 1; Part 3, Page 66, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 884 words


Worcester Bans Cheer With Spirits

HOLIDAY cheer in Worcester, Mass., will not include liquor for city workers at
office parties, according to City Manager William J. Mulford.

Liquor at any time in the workday was banned by Mr. Mulford in a directive Nov.
26 to all city employees in this older industrial city of 165,000 people. The
order forbids drinking even so much as a beer or a glass of wine on lunch and
other breaks.

Violators are subject to penalties, including dismissal, under a new two-year
contract with Local 495 of the Service Employees International Union. The
prohibition includes department heads.

One, Robert Moylan, assistant public works commissioner, said enforcing the ban
had not been discussed, but he said, ''It's not meant to be a witch hunt.''

Mr. Mulford acted to stem the city's liability for on-the-job mishaps, according
to Demitrios M. Moschos, a lawyer who negotiated the contract and wrote the
prohibition. Mr. Moschos said municipal employees cannot be held liable for
job-related accidents, but the city can.

He said city workers had been in accidents that might be attributable to
alcohol, injuring people and damaging property. City employees have generally
reacted quietly. No Room for Bush In Maine Plot VICE President Bush has been
welcome in Kennebunkport, Me., for many summers, but now the town has told him
that extending his stay for eternity may be more difficult.

Mr. Bush inquired recently about buying a plot in the coastal resort town's
Arundel Cemetery, but was told that none were available. ''The plots are all
sold,'' said the town clerk, Charles Gould. ''Whether it's George Bush or Joe
Blow, it doesn't matter. There's not an available plot for sale.''

The developed portion of the cemetery takes up about three-quarters of its 9.6
acres. The remaining two acres are wooded and uncleared, and Mr. Bush, who has
summered in the town since he was a child, has now added his name to a list of
about 10 residents hoping to secure a plot in that section.

The question of whether the town will develop the wooded section has ignited a
debate. The cemetery was founded in 1893 by a local association that cared for
it until about 15 years ago. Now a group of five residents, led by a local
genealogist, Natalie Johnson, is urging the town to assume management and clear
the wooded area for new plots.

Plots in the town are at a premium, Mrs. Johnson said.

''I will be buried there with my first husband, and my second husband's wife is
there, so we are taken care of, but a lot of other people would like to have
places there too,'' she said. She added that with three other town cemeteries
full, the town was running out of burial places. ''Last year, quite a few had to
go to Kennebunk, the next town,'' she said, ''but if everyone continues to go up
there, what will happen?''

The matter will be discussed at a selectmen's meeting on Dec. 11. The chairman
of the board of selectmen, Joseph Finn, says the town is prohibited from
spending money on private property - he believes the cemetery is owned by heirs
of the association -and acceptance of the cemetery as a gift would have to be
approved by the town at a town meeting in March. Vermont School's Unhappy
Holiday IN October the insurer of the East Hill School in Andover, Vt.,
gradually reduced and finally dropped the school's liability insurance, terming
the school a high risk, and no other carrier could be found. The students had to
leave, but schooling went on.

Two students from a high school conducted classes for seven young East Hill
students, including four children of Guatemalan refugees, at the nearby Weston
Priory. Other classes met at a private home. Older students studied
independently.

The headmaster, Dick Bliss, founded the school 30 years ago as an alternative,
he says, to inadequate public schools and expensive private schools. He runs it
as a small farm with the help of teachers whose pay is their keep and a small
stipend and with students who work in the fields and barn.

Tuition is based on ability to pay. The 10 boarding students at East Hill pay
about $6,000 a year while the average day student pays $300 a year. Alumni,
according to Mr. Bliss, include children of the novelist Alexander Solzhenitsyn,
who lives in Cavendish, Vt., and the grandchildren of the social activist
Dorothy Day.

Mr. Bliss said he was determined that the crisis would not force him out of
business. ''These students are not statistics,'' he said. ''They are 30 very
specific kids.''

Mr. Bliss took his complaint to state legislators, consumer groups and the State
Banking and Insurance Commission. ''I talked to anyone who would listen,'' he
says.

Several underwriters lost interest when they learned that the students chop wood
and stoke wood stoves, drive tractors, milk cows and cook meals - all ''high
risk'' activities.

The headmaster said he finally persuaded the Rhulen Agency of Monticello, N.Y.,
of his belief that ''the more responsibility you give to people, the lower the
risk.'' He says no one has ever filed a claim against the school.

The agency got him an insurer, but the premiums are up, from $1,200 to $5,600,
or one-twelfth of the school's annual $60,000 operating budget. Mr. Bliss said
he hopes he does not have to raise the tuition.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Map of Northeast

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             April 1, 2010 Thursday

Community Garden needs sponsors, donations

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 617 words


COLUMN: Neighbors

GRAFTON - The Grafton Garden Club is looking for sponsors to donate money or
materials for the newly created Community Garden at 48 Old Westboro Road. The
garden needs one ton of lime; hay or stones for the pathways between the plots;
an electric fence around the garden (approximately 500 feet perimeter) including
solar panels and battery; a wheelbarrow and a lawnmower.

To make a donation, call Michael at (508) 887-5600. For more information, go to
garden.graftongardenclub.org.

The Board of Selectmen recently approved the club's proposal for a garden. The
club is now accepting applications from residents to rent 20-by-20-foot plots to
grow vegetables, herbs, flowers and short fruiting bushes. Applications are
available at garden.graftongardenclub.org, by e-mailing
info@graftongardenclub.org or by calling Michael at (508) 887-5600. Applications
and plot fees are due April 15 and should be sent to P.O. Box 453, Grafton, MA
01519-0453. Plot assignments will be mailed out by the end of April and planting
starts in May.

Northbridge students in DECA event

NORTHBRIDGE - Twenty-three Northbridge High School students recently competed in
the 51st annual Massachusetts DECA State Competition in Boston. The students
were: Nick Abraham, Mike Barkin, Julie Broderick, Denise D'Amico, Hayden
Dorfman, Natasha Farrington, Cynthia Feen, Lauren Gallant, Sadie Green, Matt
Kane, Mitch Kelley, Allison Kosciak, Ashley LeBlanc, Evan MacIntosh, Ryan
Masterson, Gabrielle Mello, Thomas Murphy, John O'Brien, John Perro, Jordan
Pimentel, Kirsten Ropiak, Brianna Scherer and Kraig Spencer.

The team of Sadie Green, Ashley LeBlanc and Brianna Scherer placed second in the
Financial Operation Research Event, qualifying to compete in the International
DECA Competition in Louisville, Ky., in April. The team worked closely with
UniBank of Whitinsville on their project.

Allison Kosciak and Gabbi Mello will be attending the Leadership Development
Academy in Louisville.

Nick Abraham, Mike Barkin, Julie Broderick, Denise D'Amico and Allison Kosciak
placed in the top 10 of their categories. Nick Abraham received two third place
medals for his role playing effort. And, Mike Barkin received a first place
medal for his score on his marketing test.

Allcare Medical celebrates 10 years

MILLBURY- Allcare Medical Supply, 30 Grafton St., is celebrating 10 years in
business. Bill Fredericks, president and CEO, started Allcare on April 1 of 2000
with no clients and no staff. The company now provides home medical equipment to
thousands of patients in the Blackstone Valley and throughout Massachusetts. An
invitation-only dinner is planned at O'Connor's restaurant in Worcester for
staff, family and friends who helped contribute to their success.

Students chosen for science competition

NORTHBRIDGE - High School juniors Shanise Perez and Jessica Donati have been
selected to participate in the Future Research Scientist Competition hosted by
the Center for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine at the University of
Massachusetts in Worcester.

The students will have the opportunity to work as research scientists in a
state-of-the-art laboratory. The competitors will complete a DNA fingerprinting
analysis at the Rose Gordon facility in Shrewsbury and will present their
findings in a poster competition on May 1. The grand prize includes a spot in
the center's Biology Boot Camp summer internship program as well as a donation
of laboratory equipment from Bio-Rad to the winner's science department.

ART: PHOTOS

PHOTOG: SUBMITTED PHOTO

CUTLINE: (1) Volunteers get ready to work on the new Community Garden in
Grafton. (2) Northbridge High students pose with their trophies at the state
DECA competition.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAFTON - The Grafton Garden Club is looking for sponsors to donate
money or materials for the newly created Community Garden at 48 Old Westboro
Road. The garden needs one ton of lime; hay or stones for the pathways between
the plots; an electric fence around the garden (approximately 500 feet
perimeter) including solar panels and battery; a wheelbarrow and a lawnmower.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           September 30, 2011 Friday

terrorism plot

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 652 words


Man arrested over plot to blow up the Pentagon

Asked about killing women and children, accused said all unbelievers were his
enemies

Associated Press

Boston

A man was arrested on Wednesday and accused of plotting an assault on the
Pentagon and US Capitol using remote-controlled aircraft armed with explosives -
the latest of several terrorism cases to spring from federal sting operations.

Rezwan Ferdaus was arrested in Framingham, Massachusetts, after undercover
federal agents delivered materials he had allegedly requested, including
grenades, six machine guns and what he believed was 24 pounds of C-4 explosive.
Federal officials said the public was never in danger from the explosives, which
it said were always under control and closely monitored.

The arrest was similar to other cases in which reputed would-be terrorists were
caught in sting operations that revolved around fictional plots against various
targets, such as Dallas skyscrapers or a Chicago nightclub.

According to a federal affidavit, Ferdaus, 26, of Ashland, became convinced
America was evil through jihadi websites and videos, and began planning "jihad"
against the US in early 2010. He contacted a federal informant that December and
months later, allegedly began meeting to discuss the plot with undercover
federal agents he believed were members of al-Qaeda.

Ferdaus said he wanted to deal a psychological blow to the "enemies of Allah" by
hitting the Pentagon, which he called "head and heart of the snake", according
to the affidavit.

"Allah has given us the privilege," he allegedly told the informant. "... He
punishes them by our hand. We're the ones."

Ferdaus, a US citizen who graduated from Northeastern University with a
bachelor's degree in physics, made a brief initial appearance in federal court
on charges of attempting to destroy federal buildings and providing support to a
foreign terrorist organisation, in this case al-Qaeda. A detention hearing was
scheduled for Monday.

Several alleged domestic plots have been thwarted since the September 11, 2001,
terrorist attacks, including in Lackawanna, New York; Portland, Oregon; and
Virginia.

Terrorism arrests involving federal stings have often been followed by claims of
entrapment, but none of the cases brought since September 11 has been thrown out
by a court on such grounds.

US Representative William Keating, a member of the Homeland Security Committee,
said lawmakers have been warned for months of an emerging threat from homegrown
extremists. He said al- Qaeda is casting a wide net to radicalise individuals or
small groups already in the country because of the significant advantages.

"They're already here, so they don't have the hurdles of getting into the
country, they know the country better ... They know how to move around," Keating
said. "The testimony we heard, things like this [the Ferdaus arrest] were
inevitable."

Ferdaus is accused of planning to use three remote-controlled aircraft measuring
up to 200 centimetres in length. Ferdaus allegedly planned to pack explosives in
each plane, while saving some of it to blow up bridges near the Pentagon.

The planes, guided by GPS and capable of speeds greater than 160 kilometres per
hour, would hit the Pentagon and blow the Capitol dome to "smithereens",
according to Ferdaus's plan, detailed in the affidavit. Ferdaus then planned a
follow-up automatic weapons attack with six people divided into two teams,
according to the affidavit.

At one point, according to recorded conversation detailed in the affidavit,
Ferdaus told undercover agents that his desire to attack the United States was
so strong, "I just can't stop. There is no other choice for me."

According to the affidavit, Ferdaus travelled to Washington in June to do
surveillance, and drew up a 15-phase attack plan.

Asked at one point about possibly killing women and children, Ferdaus allegedly
said all unbelievers of Islam were his enemies.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Nation Multimedia Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           November 25, 2008 Tuesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Plot Thins In The War On Terror

SECTION: ISSUES & INSIGHTS; EDITORIALS; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 605 words


The War: The killing of al-Qaida's 2006 airline bomb plot planner by an American
Predator drone is only the latest terror-war victory. From Anbar to Waziristan,
they're dropping like flies.

Rashid Rauf, mastermind of the 2006 trans-Atlantic airline bomb plot, became the
latest al-Qaida casualty when a missile launched from a Predator drone struck a
tribesman's house in the village of Alikhel in North Waziristan.

If Rauf believed he had found sanctuary there, he was sadly mistaken. There have
been at least 20 such strikes in the last three months as the Bush
administration seeks to thwart the ability of militants to fuel the Taliban
insurgency in Afghanistan and deny al-Qaida plotters a safe haven.

The attack on Rauf, which also killed Egyptian al-Qaida operative Abu Zubair
al-Masri, came within days of another strike in the Bannu district, deeper in
Pakistani territory and outside the lawless tribal areas.

Among those killed in that attack, according to Radio Australia, was Abdullah
Azam al-Saudi, an Arab whom U.S. intelligence officials identified as the main
link between al-Qaida's senior command and Taliban networks in the Pakistani
border region.

Rauf was the architect of the "liquid bomb" plot that now forces travelers to
limit fluids to 3.5 ounces in carry-on baggies. He was arrested in 2006 in
Pakistan in the bomb plot and was headed back to jail in Islamabad after an
extradition hearing, when authorities allowed him to stop and pray at a mosque
uncuffed.

The plot targeted seven flights from Heathrow Airport in London to New York,
Washington, Chicago, San Francisco, Toronto and Montreal operated by United
Airlines, Air Canada and American Airlines. The plan was for different
passengers to carry peroxide-based liquid explosive in drinks and other
containers and detonators disguised as electronic devices and combine them on
board.

Also biting the dust in recent days was Hajji Hammadi, a senior al-Qaida in Iraq
leader who was chosen as the emir of Karmah in eastern Anbar province by none
other than Abu Musab al-Zarqawi himself. He led an al-Qaida unit in the second
battle of Fallujah, where more than 2,000 al-Qaida in Iraq and other insurgents
were killed clearing the city.

Hammadi had "connections with the country's legacy al-Qaida leadership" and was
"responsible for planning and conducting multiple attacks on coalition forces,
Iraqi police, Iraqi government officials and Iraqi citizens," according to U.S.
military spokesmen.

Karmah was one of the last areas brought under control by U.S. and Iraqi forces
as part of the Anbar Awakening.

Hammadi fell victim to hunter-killer teams of Task Force 88 earlier this month
and was the fourth senior al-Qaida leader killed in Iraq and neighboring Syria
over the past six weeks. U.S. special operations forces also killed Abu Qaswarah
al-Skani, al-Qaida in Iraq's second in command, during a raid in Mosul.

On Oct. 27, Task Force 88 conducted a daylight raid into Syria in an attempt to
capture Abu Ghadiya, al-Qaida's senior facilitator and logistics coordinator for
foreign fighters entering Iraq. He died in the ensuing firefight.

Abu Ghazwan, once senior commander in the regions north of Baghdad, was killed
in a raid by Iraqi soldiers and the Sons of Iraq on Nov. 7. In 2006 and 2007,
this key al-Masri associate led attempts to take control of Baghdad.

The idea that the U.S. hasn't taken the battle to the enemy sanctuaries in Syria
and Pakistan, or that we are losing control of Afghanistan, isn't exactly
accurate. The terrorists we fight are scurrying about as we lift the remaining
rocks they hide under, but there's no place for them to run.


LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2015 Friday

Wisconsin: Sustainable Development Institute Completes Installation of Forest
Monitoring Plots

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Madison


College of Menominee Nation's, The State of Wisconsin has issued the following
News release:


Over the past two years, eight students and two crew leaders worked under the
guidance of the Director of the Center for First Americans Forestlands and with
the support of scientists from UW Green Bay and the Smithsonian Institute to
delineate, survey, and census three - one hectare climate change forest
monitoring plots. One plot located on the East side of the College of Menominee
Nation (CMN) Keshena campus is considered a training plot. The other two plots
are located in the northern region of the Menominee Indian Reservation, and are
considered long-term forest monitoring plots. The plots can be used for a
variety of activities ranging from casual discussions, to structured "outdoor"
classroom tasks, to advanced research which includes monitoring various
ecological aspects of the forest to measure the impacts of climate change. The
training plot at CMN is part of a larger outdoor learning exhibit termed "The
Learning Path," which extends for about a half mile along the East side of the
Keshena campus. The plots were installed using an advanced tree census protocol
developed by Dr. Richard Condit.



The installation of these plots was funded partially through the financial and
technical assistance of the Smithsonian Institute. The plot work is a component
of a larger three-year project funded primarily through a USDA-NIFA Tribal
Research Grant Program titled, "Measuring the Pulse of the Forest." The NIFA
project essentially has two primary components; Forest-based ecological data
collection (Plot Installation), and cultural assessment of the forest resource
related to climate change. Chris Caldwell, Director, SDI, has been the principle
investigator of the cultural piece of this project, working in conjunction with
Michigan St. University and other project partners to build capacity in this
context. Dean Fellman, Director, Center for First Americans Forestlands, has
been working with the Smithsonian Institution and other partners to build
research capacity through the plot installation. The report available here is
focused on the forest plot work, and was issued as both a courtesy and condition
of the assistance Smithsonian provided.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

Wisconsin: Sustainable Development Institute Completes Installation of Forest
Monitoring Plots

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Madison


College of Menominee Nation's, The State of Wisconsin has issued the following
News release:


Over the past two years, eight students and two crew leaders worked under the
guidance of the Director of the Center for First Americans Forestlands and with
the support of scientists from UW Green Bay and the Smithsonian Institute to
delineate, survey, and census three - one hectare climate change forest
monitoring plots. One plot located on the East side of the College of Menominee
Nation (CMN) Keshena campus is considered a training plot. The other two plots
are located in the northern region of the Menominee Indian Reservation, and are
considered long-term forest monitoring plots. The plots can be used for a
variety of activities ranging from casual discussions, to structured "outdoor"
classroom tasks, to advanced research which includes monitoring various
ecological aspects of the forest to measure the impacts of climate change. The
training plot at CMN is part of a larger outdoor learning exhibit termed "The
Learning Path," which extends for about a half mile along the East side of the
Keshena campus. The plots were installed using an advanced tree census protocol
developed by Dr. Richard Condit.



The installation of these plots was funded partially through the financial and
technical assistance of the Smithsonian Institute. The plot work is a component
of a larger three-year project funded primarily through a USDA-NIFA Tribal
Research Grant Program titled, "Measuring the Pulse of the Forest." The NIFA
project essentially has two primary components; Forest-based ecological data
collection (Plot Installation), and cultural assessment of the forest resource
related to climate change. Chris Caldwell, Director, SDI, has been the principle
investigator of the cultural piece of this project, working in conjunction with
Michigan St. University and other project partners to build capacity in this
context. Dean Fellman, Director, Center for First Americans Forestlands, has
been working with the Smithsonian Institution and other partners to build
research capacity through the plot installation. The report available here is
focused on the forest plot work, and was issued as both a courtesy and condition
of the assistance Smithsonian provided.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             April 10, 2015 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

SUMMER MOVIE PREVIEW

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 1692 words


The summer movie season starts in earnest next month with post-apocalyptic hot
rods, ghosts  and the return of Cameron Crowe. USA TODAY's Bryan Alexander and
Patrick Ryan run down the week-by-week highlights.

MAY 1

Far From the Madding Crowd

Stars: Carey Mulligan, Tom Sturridge, Matthias Schoenaerts

Director: Thomas Vinterberg

Plot: Three very different men vie for the affections of the independently
minded Bathsheba Everdene in

Victorian-era England.

Welcome to Me

Stars: Kristen Wiig, James Marsden, Linda Cardellini

Director: Shira Piven

Plot: A lottery winner (Wiig) decides to invest her $86 million winnings in a TV
show about herself, which causes a rift with her loved ones.

MAY 8

Hot Pursuit

Stars: Reese Witherspoon, Sofia Vergara, Mike Birbiglia

Director: Anne Fletcher

Plot: A straitlaced cop (Witherspoon) has to deal with crooks and assassins when
protecting a drug boss' widow (Vergara).

Maggie

Stars: Arnold Schwarzenegger,

Abigail Breslin, Joely Richardson

Director: Henry Hobson

Plot: A loyal father (Schwarzenegger) stays by his teenage daughter (Breslin)
even after she's infected by a zombie virus turning everyone into cannibals.

MAY 15

Good Kill

Stars: Ethan Hawke, January Jones, Zoe Kravitz

Director: Andrew Niccol

Plot: A Las Vegas drone pilot (Hawke) fights remotely against enemies overseas
and has conflicts on the home front, as well.

Mad Max: Fury Road

Stars: Tom Hardy, Charlize Theron, Nicholas Hoult

Director: George Miller

Plot: A road warrior (Hardy) helps a group of women cross a desert with a cult
of post-apocalyptic hot rodders in hot pursuit.

MAY 22

Poltergeist

Stars: Sam Rockwell, Rosemarie DeWitt, Jared Harris

Director: Gil Kenan

Plot: A creepy clown and ghostly goings-on threaten another suburban family in
the reboot of the 1982 horror classic.

Tomorrowland

Stars: Britt Robertson, George

Clooney, Hugh Laurie

Director: Brad Bird

Plot: A troubled teenage girl

(Robertson) and a reclusive inventor (Clooney) team to figure out the

secrets of another world that very few know exists.

MAY 29

Aloha

Stars: Bradley Cooper, Emma Stone, Rachel McAdams

Director: Cameron Crowe

Plot: A defense contractor (Cooper) returns to Hawaii to get his life back on
track, where he runs into an old flame (McAdams) and falls for his Air Force
liaison (Stone).

San Andreas

Stars: Dwayne Johnson, Carla

Gugino, Alexandra Daddario

Director: Brad Peyton

Plot: A giant earthquake hits Los Angeles, forcing a helicopter pilot (Johnson)
and his ex-wife (Gugino) to head to San Francisco to find their daughter
(Daddario).

Survivor

Stars: Pierce Brosnan, Milla Jovovich, Dylan McDermott

Director: James McTeigue

Plot: A foreign service officer (Jovovich) is framed for a crime, targeted by an
assassin (Brosnan) and out to prevent a terrorist attack in New York.

JUNE 5

Insidious: Chapter 3

Stars: Dermot Mulroney, Stefanie Scott, Lin Shaye

Director: Leigh Whannell

Plot: The 'Insidious' prequel finds a gifted psychic reluctantly using her
powers to contact the dead to help a teenage girl with bad spirits.

Love & Mercy

Stars: Paul Dano, John Cusack, Elizabeth Banks

Director: Bill Pohlad

Plot: The life of songwriter Brian Wilson (played by Paul Dano and, later, John
Cusack) through the rise of the Beach Boys, his nervous breakdown and work with
a controversial therapist (Paul Giamatti).

Spy

Stars: Melissa McCarthy, Rose Byrne, Jason Statham

Director: Paul Feig

Plot: A klutzy, desk-bound CIA operative (McCarthy) is forced to go undercover
to thwart an arms dealer (Statham) bent on global destruction.

JUNE 12

Jurassic World

Stars: Chris Pratt, Bryce Dallas Howard, Vincent D'Onofrio

Director: Colin Trevorrow

Plot: Dinosaur theme park Jurassic World is fully functioning until a new,
lethal dinosaur is brought into the mix.

Me and Earl and the Dying Girl

Stars: Thomas Mann, Olivia Cook, Nick Offerman

Director: Alfonso Gomez-Rejon

Plot: Based on Jesse Andrew's novel about a high school senior (Mann) who
befriends a classmate diagnosed with cancer (Cook).

The Wolfpack

Director: Crystal Moselle

Plot: The Sundance Grand Jury Prize-winning documentary follows a family locked
in a Manhattan apartment as they learn about the outside world through the films
that they watch and re-create.

JUNE 19

Dope

Stars: Shameik Moore, Tony Revolori, Kiersey Clemons

Director: Rick Famuyiwa

Plot: A hardworking high school student gets a view into the underground party
life, sending him from geek to "dope."

Infinitely Polar Bear

Stars: Mark Ruffalo, Zoe Saldana, Keir Dullea

Director: Maya Forbes

Plot: After a breakdown, manic-depressive Cameron (Ruffalo) tries to win back
his wife (Saldana) and take responsibility for his children.

Manglehorn

Stars: Al Pacino, Holly Hunter, Chris Messina

Director: David Gordon Green

Plot: Pacino is a reclusive, small-town locksmith who has never quite recovered
from losing the love of his life.

JUNE 26

Big Game

Stars: Samuel L. Jackson, Onni Tommila, Ray Stevenson

Director: Jalmari Helander

Plot: The president of the United States (Jackson) is shot down in the woods and
relies on a teenage boy to help him survive.

A Little Chaos

Stars: Kate Winslet, Stanley Tucci, Alan Rickman

Director: Alan Rickman

Plot: Rickman directs and portrays King Louis XIV in this tale of a female
landscape gardener assigned to construct the Grand Gardens of Versailles.

Max

Stars: Thomas Hayden Church, Lauren Graham, Josh Wiggins

Director: Boaz Yakin

Plot: A dog aiding Marines in Afghanistan suffers a traumatic experience and is
adopted by the handler's family back in the USA.

Ted 2

Stars: Mark Wahlberg, Amanda Seyfried, Seth MacFarlane

Director: Seth MacFarlane

Plot: The sequel to 2012's 'Ted' has the foulmouthed stuffed bear (voiced by
MacFarlane) trying to have a baby with his new wife.

JULY 1

Terminator: Genisys

Stars: Emilia Clarke, Jai Courtney, Arnold Schwarzenegger

Director: Alan Taylor

Plot: In this time-hopping reboot of the sci-fi franchise, John Connor (Jason
Clarke) sends Kyle Reese (Courtney) back to 1984 to protect his mother, Sarah
Connor (Emilia Clarke), teaming up with Schwarzenegger's older "Guardian"
Terminator in the process.

JULY 10

The Bronze

Stars: Melissa Rauch, Thomas Middleditch, Haley Lu Richardson

Director: Bryan Buckley

Plot: A washed-up, bronze-winning gymnast (Rauch) gets a new lease on life when
a young athlete threatens her local celebrity status in this dark comedy.

Minions

Stars: Sandra Bullock, Jon Hamm, Michael Keaton

Directors: Kyle Balda, Pierre Coffin

Plot: The lovable yellow henchmen of 'Despicable Me' get their own spinoff
movie, in which they're recruited by supervillain Scarlet Overkill (Bullock) to
help take over the world.

Self/less

Stars: Ryan Reynolds, Matthew Goode, Michelle Dockery

Director: Tarsem Singh

Plot: A cancer-stricken aristocrat (Ben Kingsley) undergoes a medical procedure
that transfers his consciousness to a healthy younger man (Reynolds) in this
sci-fi thriller.

JULY 17

Ant-Man

Stars: Paul Rudd, Michael Douglas, Evangeline Lilly

Director: Peyton Reed

Plot: In this long-gestating Marvel comic adaptation, Rudd crawls to the big
screen as Scott Lang, a thief who can shrink in size and boost his strength,
thanks to a super-suit.

Irrational Man

Stars: Joaquin Phoenix, Emma Stone, Parker Posey

Director: Woody Allen

Plot: A philosophy professor (Phoenix) finds new purpose in life after
committing an existential act.

Mr. Holmes

Stars: Ian McKellen, Laura Linney, Colin Starkey

Director: Bill Condon

Plot: An older, retired Sherlock Holmes (McKellen) grapples with an unsolved
case in this new twist on the classic detective story.

Trainwreck

Stars: Amy Schumer, Bill Hader, Brie Larson

Director: Judd Apatow

Plot: Schumer brings her comedic talents from TV ('Inside Amy Schumer') to the
big screen in a raunchy comedy she writes and stars in, about a men's magazine
writer who may be falling for the sports doctor she's profiling.

JULY 24

Pan

Stars: Hugh Jackman, Garrett Hedlund, Rooney Mara

Director: Joe Wright

Plot: The origin story of Peter Pan,  featuring Jackman as the nefarious
Blackbeard and Hedlund as a young Captain Hook.

Paper Towns

Stars: Cara Delevingne, Nat Wolff, Austin Abrams

Director: Jake Schreier

Plot: A teen (Wolff) goes in search of a mysterious girl-next-door (Delevingne)
who goes missing in the latest John Green ('The Fault in Our Stars') film
adaptation.

Southpaw

Stars: Jake Gyllenhaal, Rachel McAdams, Forest Whitaker

Director: Antoine Fuqua

Plot: Gyllenhaal bulks up big time for his turn as a boxer who re-enters the
ring as his life falls apart.

JULY 31

The End of the Tour

Stars: Jason Segel, Jesse Eisenberg, Anna Chlumsky

Director: James Ponsoldt

Plot: Writer David Lipsky (Eisenberg) recounts his time with author David Foster
Wallace (Segel) at the end of a promotional book tour.

Vacation

Stars: Ed Helms, Leslie Mann, Christina Applegate

Directors: John Francis Daley, Jonathan M. Goldstein

Plot: Rusty Griswold (Helms) surprises his family with a cross-country trip to
Walley World theme park in the latest 'National Lampoon' installment.

AUG. 7

Ricki and the Flash

Stars: Meryl Streep, Kevin Kline, Mamie Gummer

Director: Jonathan Demme

Plot: In this comedic drama by 'Juno' writer Diablo Cody, Streep plays a woman
who gives up everything to chase her rock 'n' roll dreams.

AUG. 14

The Man From U.N.C.L.E.

Stars: Henry Cavill, Armie Hammer, Alicia Vikander

Director: Guy Ritchie

Plot: A film adaptation of the '60s espionage TV series, starring Hammer and
Cavill as agents in this Cold War-era action comedy.

Straight Outta Compton

Stars: Paul Giamatti, Keith Stanfield, Corey Hawkins

Director: F. Gary Gray

Plot: A historical hip-hop drama tracking the rise of rap group N.W.A in
mid-'80s Compton, Calif.

Underdogs

Stars: Voices of Ariana Grande, Matthew Morrison, Katie Holmes

Director: Juan José Campanella

Plot: Grande and others lend their voices to the foosball-centric Argentinian
animated film, now being redubbed in English.

AUG. 21

Sinister 2

Stars: Shannyn Sossamon, James Ransone, Tate Ellington

Director: Ciarán Foy

Plot: A mother (Sossamon) and her 9-year-old twin sons move into a rural haunted
house in this sequel to the 2012 horror hit.

AUG. 28

Hitman: Agent 47

Stars: Zachary Quinto, Rupert Friend, Ciarán Hinds

Director: Aleksander Bach

Plot: Friend plays elusive assassin Agent 47 in this adaptation of the 'Hitman'
video-game series.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Jasin Boland, Warner Bros. Pictures

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Times (London)

                            August 14, 2006, Monday

Letters from America

SECTION: OVERSEAS NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 310 words


Since Thursday The Times has received dozens of letters and e-mails from
citizens of the United States responding to news of the foiled plot:

Thank you United Kingdom for breaking up this terrorist plot and saving all of
those innocent lives.

Linn Maxwell, USA

My most sincere thanks to the people of Great Britain for uncovering the
horrible plot to kill hundreds of people on planes on their way to the United
States. There is no way to express our gratitude adequately.

I understand that many British citizens do not agree with the war in Iraq and
the "war on terror". I sincerely believe that history will prove Prime Minister
Blair and President Bush to be correct in their assessment of the situation. For
now, I just want to say "Thank you"...The people of the United States will
forever be in your debt.

Christine Weidner Orlando, Florida

We all live together in these troubled times, and face a ruthless enemy, who
despises our way of life.

If I were to live anywhere else in the world, England would be my choice. For
you, as for us, Freedom is not just a word, but a cherished right.

G. Tabb, Florida

Here's to all you bobbies, coppers, constables, and inspectors who quietly went
about the business of saving our hides from a terrorist plot without feeling the
need to blow another nation to smithereens. America thanks you.

Kathleen Wedl Bloomington

It seems like our two countries are going to be the only ones who are going to
have to save democracy and freedom for the world again.

Anon, Pennsylvania

Well done, Britain. Your MI5 has once again set the standard for world class law
enforcement. Who knows how many American lives were saved by your decisive
action.

Mike Merrion Atlanta, Georgia

After Sept. 11th, (our national nightmare) and some nightmares of your own, your
country has exemplified the battle on the war on terror.

Donald Bowman Worthington, Ohio

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             July 8, 2010 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Al-Qaeda fugitive tied to '09 terror plot

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 400 words


WASHINGTON -- A high-ranking al-Qaeda operative helped organize the foiled 2009
terrorist plot against New York City's subway, and his associates planned to
attack the United Kingdom, federal prosecutors said Wednesday.

Adnan El Shukrijumah, the subject of a seven-year worldwide manhunt, was charged
with helping recruit Colorado resident Najibullah Zazi, whose attempt to
detonate explosives was derailed by federal investigators on the eve of the
eighth anniversary of the 9/11 attacks.

El Shukrijumah's associates were also communicating with a British man, Abid
Naseer, about a 2009 plot foiled in Manchester, England. Naseer was arrested
Wednesday by British authorities, prosecutors said.

The government's disclosure adds a larger dimension to the subway plot,
described by Attorney General Eric Holder as one of the most serious terrorism
attempts on U.S. soil since the Sept. 1, 2001, attacks.

Prosecutors allege that El Shukrijumah and plotters Saleh al-Somali and Rashid
Rauf helped recruit Zazi, a former Denver airport shuttle driver. They also
recruited two co-conspirators to conduct suicide bombings in New York using
devices made from ordinary household supplies, including hydrogen peroxide,
acetone, flour and oil, prosecutors said.

Zazi and Zarein Ahmedzay have pleaded guilty to their roles in the plot. They
are awaiting sentencing. A third suspect, Adis Medunjanin, is in custody
awaiting trial.

El Shukrijumah, a 34-year-old native of Saudi Arabia who once lived in South
Florida, is charged with directing Zazi and others to carry out attacks in the
United States.

Identified by federal authorities as "Ja'far the Pilot" because of his aviation
skills, El Shukrijumah was first outlined to federal investigators by al-Qaeda
operations chief Khalid Sheikh Mohammed after his capture in 2003. Mohammed is
awaiting trial as the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks.

El Shukrijumah faces numerous charges, including conspiracy to use weapons of
mass destruction and attempting to commit an act of terrorism. His whereabouts
are unknown, and a $5 million reward is offered for information leading to his
capture.

Tom Fuentes, a former FBI assistant director, said the alleged links to
Shukrijumah are "pretty significant." He said it was unclear whether Zazi was
offering up the al-Qaeda operative's name to win a lighter sentence.

"You really don't know if Zazi is just name-dropping," Fuentes said.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, FBI via AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            December 12, 2003 Friday

At rest with Roy and Dale;
Desert cemetery owner lists plots near Western stars' on eBay

BYLINE: JACOB QUINN SANDERS, Staff Writer

LENGTH: 622 words


APPLE VALLEY - Roy Rogers lies here under crisp green grass, behind a short gate
and near a pond over which a bronze eagle hovers as sentinel. Next to the movie
cowboy is his wife and co-star, Dale Evans, just as she should be.

But this final resting place is hardly peaceful. Not this week.

Six cemetery plots near the graves of Rogers and Evans landed onthe auction Web
site eBay this week, ranging in price from $13,200 to $90,000. The National
Enquirer published a story, and the executive director of the High Desert
Executives' Association sent out a press release.

"I'm the head of this family and no one asked me," Roy"Dusty" Rogers Jr. said in
a telephone interview from his office at the family's museum in Branson, Mo.
"It's distasteful. It's disrespectful of Mom and Dad. To do this on eBay is just
ridiculous."

Bold-faced type on the eBay postings reads: "Many otherproperties are available,
but the areas next to Roy and Dale are selling out quickly. Don't miss this
opportunity!"

Chet Hitt, who owns Sunset Hills Memorial Park and Mortuary,where Rogers and
Evans are buried, said in an interview he put the plots up for auction with the
family's permission. He ordered the auctions stopped Friday after speaking with
Dusty Rogers. No one bid on the plots.

"I know Chet real well," Dusty said. "I'm not trying to stophim from doing
business. But come on."

Roy Rogers died July 6, 1998, at age 86. Evans died Feb. 7, 2001;she was 88.

Open since 1995, Sunset Hills is still in the process of buildingthe Roy
Rogers-Dale Evans Sunset Chapel. Some of the money from the auctions, Hitt said,
would have gone toward the construction.

Hitt sold the plot directly across from Rogers and Evans lessthan 3 feet from
their front gate in 2002 to Max Hurlbut, 64, of Bellingham, Wash. The
transaction had nothing to do with a Web site, just boyhood interest.

"I grew up cap pistol in hand," Hurlbut said in a telephoneinterview from his
home. "I grew up watching Roy Rogers, and westerns were very popular."

Hurlbut spent 25 years with the Los Angeles Police Department andlater took
police jobs in Alaska and Arizona, including a stint as town marshal in
Tombstone, inspired in part by those westerns.

Hurlbut visited Victorville last year to see the Roy Rogers-DaleEvans Museum it
moved to Branson this year and thought a stop at their graves would add
something.

"One day I dropped by the cemetery and found it was closed," hesaid. "There was
a fellow working nearby, and it was Chet. We talked, and I thought I might like
to be buried there."

Hitt said Hurlbut's purchase gave him the idea to market theplots as a chance to
spend eternity within spitting distance of the King of the Cowboys. Auctioning
the plots on eBay, he said, was just a natural extension of that marketing.

"It worked for us to a degree," he said. "We didn't get bidson eBay, but we got
a lot of phone calls and 2,900 hits on our Web site."

The largest of the plots up for auction can hold six caskets butcould be
modified to accommodate 12. The price: $90,000 or, as the posting said, "only
$7,500 per person for a family of 12."

A second plot, for $30,000, features year-round flowering plantsand a granite
bench.

Four other plots are simpler and, at 35 feet from Rogers andEvans, the farthest
away. They were also the cheapest: $13,200 each.

Hurlbut's plot has room for four and a view to rival the onewhere Rogers and
Evans lie.

He declined to say how much he paid.

"Chet is one of the rare fellows in business who is as good ashis word," Hurlbut
said. "I got a deal on the plot I bought. I couldn't say no, especially when
being right there next to Roy didn't cost any extra."

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              June 19, 2006 Monday

Subway cyanide plot pulled 45 days beforehand;
"The One Percent Doctrine" alleges al-Qaida found that plan wouldn't be deadly
enough and scrapped it

BYLINE: Michael McAuliff, NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

LENGTH: 415 words


Al-Qaida decided not to launch a deadly cyanide gas plot in New York's subways
because it wouldn't have killed enough people, according to the author whose
bombshell book revealed the frightening scheme.

"Al-Qaida's thinking is that a second-wave attack should be more destructive and
more disruptive than 9/11," writer Ron Suskind said in an interview with Time
magazine. "Why? Because that would create an upward arc of terror. ... That fear
and terror is a central goal of the al-Qaida strategy."

News of the 2003 plot to use homemade cyanide bombs, the details of which have
been confirmed by the New York Daily News, was first revealed Friday in excerpts
from Suskind's book "The One Percent Doctrine."

The plot, purportedly masterminded by al-Qaida's ringleader in Saudi Arabia,
Yusuf Ayeri, involved planting crude but effective cyanide canisters around the
subway system before the start of the Iraq war.

U.S. Sen. Pat Roberts, chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, wouldn't
confirm that al-Qaida's No. 2 leader, Ayman Zawahiri, called off the attack just
45 days before its execution because it would not be spectacular enough.

But Roberts, R-Kan., said the premise that Zawahiri pulled the plug "was
correct."

"I think, when any terrorist considers an attack, they also consider the public
reaction," Roberts said Sunday on CNN's "Late Edition."

City and federal officials learned of the plot from an al-Qaida mole dubbed
"Ali" and beefed up security around the subways in hopes of heading off the
strike, which could have killed hundreds.

The plot "underscores the stupidity" of the Homeland Security Department
slashing the city's anti-terror funding by 40 percent, said Sen. Charles
Schumer, D-N.Y.

Rep. Pete King, R-N.Y., chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee,
agreed.

If Zawahiri did squash the gas attack because it wouldn't be deadly enough, that
boosts the argument that federal authorities should not be spreading security
dollars around the country in places such as Louisville, Ky., and Omaha, Neb.,
which saw major hikes in funding.

Only in places such as New York and Washington can terrorists hope to raise the
ante from Sept. 11, King said.

"Some of these other cities just aren't going to get hit," he said.

When President Bush learned the cyanide plot had been nixed, according to
Suskind, Bush said: "This is bad enough. What does calling this off say about
what else they're planning? ... What could be the bigger operation Zawahiri
didn't want to mess up?"

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             June 24, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Need Cash Now? Grave's Gotta Go

BYLINE: BAIRD HELGESON, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1160 words


Forget burial. Who needs it? More and more Floridians are selling their
gravesites and choosing cremation. The economy's just that bad.

By BAIRD HELGESON

The Tampa Tribune

TAMPA - Linda Ledesma needed a little extra money to help pay the rising costs
of living in Florida.

So she decided to sell her burial plot in Sylvan Abbey cemetery in Clearwater.
The newspaper classified ad noted its scenic location "in Garden of Ascension,
near waterfall, under shade tree."

At $2,500, the asking price is a relative bargain. The cemetery is selling
similar plots for $3,995.

Ledesma has joined a small but growing number of people who are selling unwanted
cemetery plots. The trend is particularly pronounced in states such as Florida
that drew millions of retirees who have grown more accepting of cremation or are
rethinking their earlier plans to be buried in the state. Others say they'd
rather have the money now and worry about their final resting place later.

Since cemeteries generally aren't in the business of buying back or selling
secondhand plots, sellers often turn to newspaper classifieds, a handful of
national brokerages, even Craigslist.

Add in a tanking economy, and it begins to look like a sell-off.

"The selling market is absolutely flooded right now," said Terry Robertson,
owner of American Cemetery Property, a brokerage company he started in
Charlotte, N.C. "As the economy dips, I am getting more and more calls every
day."

Robertson started American Cemetery Property in February 2006 to fill downtime
in his own funeral business.

Swamped with calls, he hired three people to handle the deluge of interested
sellers, including a recent surge from Florida.

American Cemetery Property's Web site listed 89 plots for sale last week in
Florida, more than any other state except Maryland and Texas.

These days, buyers can find deep discounts, with sellers touting their plot's
proximity to natural amenities, such as trees and gardens. Many ads indicate the
owners are willing to deal, and some say they need money quickly. To sweeten the
pot, one recent ad noted: "Never used."

Some might find it odd or even tacky to shop for their gravesite near an ad for
a used Toyota Corolla or for a golden retriever seeking a home.

Several of those selling plots remain hopeful that the low prices will offset
any queasiness about how the sacrosanct land is bartered.

Michael Vacchiano inherited 14 plots from his grandmother in Royal Palm cemetery
in St. Petersburg. He is selling 12 for half the going price, about $995 a
piece. He plans to keep two.

"I will use the extra money to purchase health insurance so I won't have to take
up residence anytime soon," he said.

Cemeteries that oversold decades ago and the increase in cremations are the
major reasons why so many plots are being put on the market, said Robin Heppell,
a consultant who helps cemetery owners market their businesses and products on
the Internet.

"Much of it is the result of pretty good salespeople 20 or 25 years ago who were
selling plots fast and furious," Heppell said.

Cremation Gaining Acceptance

At the time, many people who snapped up plots saw traditional burial as the only
viable option for their remains.

Christians have long preferred burial over cremation.

The Roman Catholic Church banned cremation in 1886, viewing it as a pagan
practice that would prevent the body from being resurrected.

Church members were excommunicated for arranging cremations as recently as World
War II.

The church, along with several other faiths, has softened its position in recent
years.

Floridians have been among the leaders in acceptance of cremation.

Of the 171,302 Floridians who died in 2006, 88,057 were cremated, the state's
highest percentage in recent history, according to state records.

Debbie Mills and her husband bought four plots several years ago at Sunset
Memorial Gardens in Thonotosassa. At the time, their religious convictions
prevented them from considering cremation.

Mills and her husband divorced and he moved out of state.

Her religious convictions changed, too. She has become comfortable with the idea
of cremation.

Now she wants to sell her two plots for $5,000.

"I am not even sure I'll be in Florida the rest of my life," said Mills, who is
in her mid-40s. "I could really use the money now."

The Rev. Johnny and Sandy Hasick turned to their Internet-savvy daughter,
Aubrey, when they wanted to sell their burial plot and concrete vault.

Aubrey Hasick posted an ad on Craigslist hoping to sell their property at Royal
Palm North Cemetery in St. Petersburg. The Hasicks moved to Georgia about 10
years ago and have no use for their Florida plot.

"We do hope to use the money from the burial plot to buy one in Georgia," said
Aubrey Hasick, 20. "We haven't gotten any calls about it yet. We just keep
patiently waiting."

A Beast Of Burden

Those who decide to sell their plots have found little interest from those
looking to buy. Several sellers have run the ads for months, without a single
phone call.

"I didn't realize it would become such a beast of burden to get rid of them,"
Mills said.

Cemetery owners and experts point to the deep discounts and chilly response to
ads as a sign that the number of buyers has not matched the number of sellers.

"A lot of people are selling, but not a lot of people are buying," Heppell said.

Several local cemetery managers said they have not seen a dramatic increase in
the number of people who want to transfer deeds to the plots, which is generally
required for a sale.

In the Tampa Bay area, cemeteries charge an administrative fee of about $50 to
transfer the deed for a plot. In other states, such as Texas, some cemeteries
charge as much as $360 to transfer deeds.

Cemeteries will likely begin to charge more to transfer deeds if private sales
increase to the point where they cut into the staff time and hinder their
ability to sell their own plots, said Robertson, with American Cemetery
Property.

"The funeral home and cemetery business already is struggling," he said. "As
this submarket grows, the costs will certainly go up."

Ledesma, who is selling her plot in Clearwater, never imagined she'd sell the
land next to where her husband, Tony, was buried 10 years ago.

"I need to sell it to pay for condo insurance and health insurance," said
Ledesma, who is in her mid-60s.

She plans to be cremated and have her ashes buried in her husband's plot, a
practice that's becoming increasingly common.

To date, she has only had one call from a woman who wanted to see the land.

"I really hope she likes what she sees," Ledesma said.

Reporter Baird Helgeson can be reached at (813) 259-7668 or
bhelgeson@tampatrib.com

Tribune illustration

PLOTS FOR SALE

Photo credit: Tribune photo by KATHY MOORE

Photo: Linda Ledesma

Photo: Linda Ledesma of Clearwater is selling her cemetery plot. She has chosen
cremation and wants her ashes put in her husband's plot.

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             April 30, 2012 Monday

Obama OKs penalties for sanctions' evaders

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 1000 words


Nation & World briefing

WASHINGTON - President Barack Obama is tightening penalties on foreign entities
and individuals who try to evade sanctions on Iran and Syria.

Obama authorized the penalties in an executive order signed Tuesday, May 1. The
administration said he took the step in response to efforts by the Iranian and
Syrian governments to avoid the consequences of U.S.-mandated sanctions.

The executive order gives the Treasury Department the capability to publicly
identify foreign individuals and entities that try to sidestep the restrictions.
The new penalties also bar violators from accessing the U.S. financial and
commercial systems.

Man convicted of subway attack plot

NEW YORK - A Queens man was convicted of a host of terrorism charges Tuesday for
participating in a plot led by al-Qaida to stage suicide attacks in New York's
subways, an effort that prosecutors said was stopped just days before three
former high school classmates planned to set off homemade bombs during rush
hour.

The two-week trial, in U.S. District Court in Brooklyn, offered a rare look at
the evolution of a terrorist plot and the workings of al-Qaida training camps
where the former classmates received their orders. Two of the classmates
described the plot, and two other convicted terrorists also testified for the
government, sharing their secrets from the witness stand in a packed public
courtroom.

The plot began after the defendant, Adis Medunjanin, traveled to Pakistan with
two friends from high school with the intention of fighting U.S. troops in
Afghanistan. The two friends testified that they were instead recruited to an
al-Qaida training camp, where they were told they would be far more valuable to
their cause by returning to the United States to carry out an act of terrorism.

'Octomom' files for bankruptcy

SANTA ANA, Calif. - "Octomom" Nadya Suleman has filed for bankruptcy Monday,
saying in a court filing that she has as much as $1 million in debt. Suleman
wants a fresh start and said in a statement that filing for bankruptcy Monday is
what's best for her children, according to the Orange County Register.

"I have had to make some very difficult decisions this year, and filing Chapter
7 was one of them," Suleman said.

The La Habra mother of 14 reports up to $50,000 in assets in federal court
filings, which means she owes more than 20 times her net worth.

Army: Paul team ignored inquiries

IOWA CITY, Iowa - Ron Paul's presidential campaign did not return repeated Army
inquiries seeking information about the political activities of a reservist who
endorsed Paul in uniform at an Iowa rally, according to Army documents released
Tuesday.

Records released to the Associated Press under the Freedom of Information Act
detail the investigation of Jesse Thorsen, who was reprimanded in March for
violating policies barring soldiers from participating in political events while
in uniform.

The case was slowed, in part, because the investigator could not reach Paul
aides in Iowa despite what he described as numerous calls, phone messages and
voice mails spanning weeks, records show.

A Paul campaign spokesman said he was looking into the matter and had no
immediate comment Tuesday.

Judge keeps alive Strauss-Kahn case

NEW YORK - A hotel maid's sexual assault lawsuit against Dominique Strauss-Kahn
can go forward to trial, a judge ruled Tuesday, rebuffing the former
International Monetary Fund leader's diplomatic-immunity claim.

Bronx state Supreme Court Justice Douglas McKeon's ruling kept alive the civil
case that emerged from a May 2011 encounter that spurred now-dismissed criminal
charges against Strauss-Kahn, then a French presidential hopeful. The episode
was the first in a series of allegations about his sexual conduct that sank his
political career.

The housekeeper, Nafissatou Diallo, 33, said Strauss-Kahn, 63, tried to rape her
when she arrived to clean his Manhattan hotel suite.

Sarkozy won't get Le Pen's support

PARIS - The leader of France's resurgent, anti-immigrant far right, Marine Le
Pen, said Tuesday she would not endorse either candidate in the presidential
runoff, a move likely to deprive President Nicolas Sarkozy of some sorely needed
votes.

Le Pen, speaking at her National Front party's traditional May Day rally, said
she will cast a blank protest ballot on Sunday. She has set her sights are on
June legislative elections. To her thousands of supporters, she said, "vote
according to your conscience."

Polls have consistently suggested that Socialist candidate Francois Hollande
will defeat Sarkozy in Sunday's final vote. The incumbent, whose brash style has
offended many French, is trying to win over the more than 6 million voters who
supported Le Pen, who came in third in the first-round vote April 22.

Five face charges in Florida hazing

TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - At least five people will face charges in the hazing death
of a Florida A&M University band member aboard a bus after a performance in
Orlando last fall, authorities said Tuesday.

Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings told the Associated Press that multiple
defendants will be charged in 26-year-old Robert Champion's November 2011 death,
although he refused to say what the charges are.

At least five defendants face a wide range of misdemeanor and felony charges,
said Danielle Tavernier, a spokeswoman for the State Attorney's Office in
Orlando. She refused to name the charges pending an announcement by prosecutors
on Wednesday.

- Associated Press, New York Times

103 dead as ferry capsizes in India

BURABURI, India - Rescuers on Tuesday had recovered 103 bodies from a turbulent
northeastern river after a heavily packed ferry capsized, saying they feared
that dozens of others had been swept by the current to neighboring Bangladesh.

The overloaded ferry overturned and broke into two pieces in stormy weather late
Monday. About 100 people were still missing Tuesday evening.

Rescuers said they feared that the swift-moving currents had carried dozens of
bodies downstream into neighboring Bangladesh.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            April 24, 2010 Saturday
                                 SOONER EDITION

AL-QAIDA BEHIND NYC TERROR PLOT

BYLINE: Compiled from news services

SECTION: NATIONAL; NATIONAL BRIEFS; Pg. A-5

LENGTH: 599 words


NEW YORK -- Two top al-Qaida leaders ordered an attack on the New York subway
system, in what authorities call one of the most serious terrorism plots on
American soil since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, before they were apparently
killed in U.S. missile strikes, a criminal defendant in the plot and law
enforcement officials said Friday.

Zarein Ahmedzay, a New York City taxi driver, pleaded guilty to federal charges
in a Brooklyn courtroom, testifying that he plotted suicide attacks in Manhattan
last September, during the month of Ramadan. Mr. Ahmedzay said he conspired with
Najibullah Zazi, an airport shuttle bus driver who earlier pleaded guilty in the
plot. Federal officials have said their plan was in its final stages before it
was thwarted.

Mr. Ahmedzay, 24, told a judge that he, Mr. Zazi and another individual met
along the Pakistan-Afghanistan border in August 2008 with two top al-Qaida
officials, who ordered them to return to the United States and conduct attacks.
The primary target was the New York City subway, where the group planned to
detonate potent explosives.

11 face piracy charges

NORFOLK, Va. -- Eleven suspected Somali pirates accused in separate attacks on
two Navy ships off the coast of Africa were indicted in U.S. federal court
Friday.

The defendants did not enter pleas. An interpreter read them the charges of
piracy, attacks to plunder a vessel, assault with a dangerous weapon and use of
a firearm during a crime of violence. Piracy carries a mandatory life sentence;
the other charges carry penalties of 10 to 35 years.

Five of the men were captured March 31, after the frigate USS Nicholas exchanged
fire with a suspected pirate vessel west of the Seychelles.

The other six were captured after they allegedly began shooting at the
amphibious dock landing ship USS Ashland on April 10 about 380 miles off
Djibouti, a small nation facing Yemen across the mouth of the Red Sea.

Palin testifies in trial

KNOXVILLE, Tenn. -- Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin testified in the federal
court trial of a University of Tennessee student charged with illegally
accessing Ms. Palin's e-mail account in September 2008.

Prosecutors say David C. Kernell, the son of Memphis Democratic lawmaker Mike
Kernell, was politically motivated to see if Ms. Palin, who became the GOP vice
presidential candidate that month, was using the Yahoo! account for state
government business, outside of the public eye.

During her testimony Friday, Ms. Palin called the illegal foray allegedly by
former UT economics major Mr. Kernell "a disruption" to both her personal life
and her campaign during the 2008 presidential election. She was Republican Sen.
John McCain's running mate.

Coaxing suicides on Web

MINNEAPOLIS -- A man in Britain and a woman in Canada killed themselves with the
online encouragement of a Minnesota nurse, according to charges filed Friday.

William Melchert-Dinkel, 47, of Faribault, Minn., was charged in Rice County,
Minn., with two counts of aiding suicide.

Like most other states, Minnesota has a law that punishes anyone who
"intentionally advises, encourages, or assists" others with suicide. But experts
say such laws are rarely used and nearly impossible to enforce.

Hypersonic glider tested

VANDENBERG AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. -- The Air Force has launched an experimental
hypersonic glider able to travel more than 4,000 miles in 30 minutes over the
Pacific Ocean.

A fact sheet from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency says the vehicle
was to be accelerated into the upper atmosphere, separate from its booster
rocket and glide across the Pacific at 13,000 mph.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Food Plots for Pheasants and Quail Provide Needed Shelter

LENGTH: 474 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Des Moines: Iowa Department of Natural Resources has issued the following news
release:



   Each winter, food plots of corn, sorghum, or other grains are used by all
kinds of wildlife for survival.





 A well designed food plot can provide additional shelter for pheasants, quail
and other wildlife, and withstand wet heavy snows that often flatten grass
habitats, like the March 23 storm that blew across north Iowa.



  "There have been few documented cases of pheasants actually starving to death
in Iowa," said Todd Bogenschutz, upland wildlife research biologist with the
Iowa Department of Natural Resources. "Virtually all of Iowa's winter mortality
is attributed to persistent snows or blizzards with the birds dying of exposure
to predators or the weather." With next winter in mind, now is the time to begin
planning food plots.



 So why plant food plots for pheasants if they seldom starve in winter?



 First, food plots provide winter habitat as well as food.  In fact, if properly
designed and large enough, the habitat created by a food plot is much more
beneficial to wildlife than the food itself.  Second, food plots allow pheasants
to obtain a meal quickly thereby limiting their exposure to predators and
maximizing their energy reserves.



 "If hens have good fat supplies coming out of the winter, they are more likely
to nest successfully," said Bogenschutz.  Food plots also provide habitat and
food for many other species like deer, turkey, partridge, squirrels, and
songbirds.



 Bogenschutz offers the following suggestions for planning shelterbelts and food
plots for pheasants and quail:



     Corn provides the most reliable food source throughout the winter as it
resists lodging in heavy snows. Sorghum or milo provides better winter habitat.
Pheasants prefer corn to sorghum as a food source.  Half corn and half sorghum
plots make the best of both worlds - cover and food - for pheasant and quail.

     Place food plots next to wetlands, CRP fields, and multi-row shrub-conifer
shelterbelts that provide good winter habitat and away from tall deciduous trees
that provide raptors with a place sit and watch food plots.

     Size of food plots depends upon where they are placed.  If the plot is next
to good winter cover the plot can be smaller but at least two acres minimum.  If
winter cover is marginal, like a ditch, then plots must be larger - 5 to 10
acres - to provide cover as well as food.

     Depending on the amount of use some food plots can be left for two years.
The weedy growth that follows in the second year provides excellent nesting,
brood rearing, and winter habitat for pheasants and other upland wildlife.  Food
plots that have heavy deer use generally need to be replanted every year.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           February 23, 2010 Tuesday
                                 Ottawa Edition

Afghan admits to attempted bomb plot

BYLINE: Stewart Bell, National Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 469  words


A 25-year-old Afghan who lived in Colorado and made several trips to Canada
admitted yesterday he had attempted to bomb the Manhattan subway system around
last year's 9/11 anniversary.

Najibullah Zazi told a Brooklyn, N.Y., courtroom he was recruited and trained by
al-Qaeda leaders in Pakistan, but he aborted the plot at the last moment when he
realized police were asking questions about him.

Last September's arrest of the Denver airport shuttle driver triggered an
investigation in Canada because Zazi had spent time in Mississauga, but
officials apparently found no Canadian link to the bomb plot.

U.S. Attorney-General Eric Holder said the plot showed that al-Qaeda was
continuing to plan terrorist attacks against the United States.

"This was one of the most serious terrorist threats to our nation since Sept.
11, 2001," he said in a statement. "This attempted attack on our homeland was
real, it was in motion and it would have been deadly."

Zazi faces a possible life sentence after pleading guilty to conspiracy to use
weapons of mass destruction, conspiracy to commit murder in a foreign country
and providing material support to al-Qaeda.

When the allegations against him first surfaced five months ago, relatives
confirmed Zazi had visited family in Mississauga at least twice, but insisted he
was innocent.

Zazi himself eloquently protested his innocent to the Denver Post, saying: "I
live here. I work here. Why would I have an issue with America? This is the only
country that gives you freedom -- freedom of religion, freedom of choice. You
don't get that elsewhere."

But yesterday he told a U.S. District Court judge he had travelled from Newark,
N.J., to northwest Pakistan in August 2008 to fight with the Taliban in
Afghanistan. Instead, he said, he was recruited by al-Qaeda in the frontier city
of Peshawar.

"Al-Qaeda personnel transported Zazi and others to the Waziristan region of
Pakistan and trained them on several different kinds of weapons," the U.S.
Department of Justice said in a news release.

"During the training, the al-Qaeda leaders asked Zazi and others to return to
the United States and conduct suicide operations. They agreed. Zazi later
received additional training from al-Qaeda on constructing explosives for the
planned attacks in the United States."

Zazi discussed "target locations" with al-Qaeda leaders and took detailed notes,
which he emailed to himself. After returning to the United States in January,
2009, Zazi shopped at beauty parlors for the chemicals he needed to make the
explosive TATP.

In early September, he drove to New York in a rented car. The attack was
scheduled for Sept. 14, 15 or 16, 2009. But once he arrived, he realized
investigators were trailing him and he discarded the explosives and returned to
Colorado, where he was arrested.

sbell@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 20, 1991, Saturday, Final Edition

Grass Acts as a Filter to Purify Groundwater

Jack Eden

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; PAGE E10; GARDEN OF EDEN

LENGTH: 1377 words


If you want to play a major role in stopping the pollution of the Chesapeake
Bay, the Potomac and Shenandoah rivers and other waterways, consider growing
healthy stands of grass to trap sediment before rainwater carries the particles
into catch basins, storm sewers and then into the Chesapeake.

Such is one of the many recommendations of agronomy experts at Pennsylvania
State University who have spent the last six years conducting exhaustive tests
on groundwater pollution of rivers and streams, and the effects of turfgrass in
preventing soil erosion and sediment pollution.

Thomas L. Watschke, professor of turfgrass science at Penn State, conceived and
coordinated the program that sheds welcome light on how our waterways are being
polluted, largely by sediment.

Watschke received technical support from the full Penn State agronomy team,
including academicians overseeing water quality, soil conservation and pesticide
programs.

Events a half-century ago laid the foundation for Penn State's groundwater
pollution test program.

During President Franklin D. Roosevelt's first term, some acreage on the
university campus was set aside by the Works Progress Administration to conduct
extended tests on soil erosion on cultivated land. Until the mid-1980s, the old
test acreage lay fallow; its rediscovery seven years ago by agronomists created
an ideal foundation for the new tests. Penn State's soil was silty-loam.

Site preparation began in 1983, with separate plots created for the seeding of
Kentucky bluegrass and another for bluegrass sod.

Concrete catch basins were built to catch water flowing from the test plots.
Basins were set six inches below the turfgrass to provide for accurate
groundwater measurement.

Buildings adjoining the test plots held the sophisticated instrumentation that
monitored water flow, water pH, particulate matter, nitrate fertilizer,
insecticides and fungicides flowing into the catch basins.

Initial test results were misleading. Automatic sprinklers were geared to apply
three inches of water an hour for an hour or two each day; however, no water
flow was detected whatever from sodded plots while a small flow was found in
seeded plots. Sprinklers were then reprogrammed to apply six inches of water an
hour to assure a steady water flow from test plots.

Agronomy students maintained the plots along the same lines as homeowners manage
their own lawns.

In April 1985, the students applied a water-soluble fertilizer via hose-end
sprayer to the plots, immediately followed with an application of a pre-emergent
crabgrass preventer; with thorough soakings following each application.

In July, plots received identical applications of an inorganic fertilizer. In
September and November, students applied a balanced inorganic lawn fertilizer.
Soil pH was maintained above 6 at all times via applications of dolomitic
limestone.

The Penn State test reveals how waterway pollution occurs:

The primary pollutant of groundwater flowing into storm sewers and rivers and
streams is sediment, particles of organic matter washed from the land.

As sediment flows in moving water, it retains many of the materials in which it
has come in contact, among them effluent from fossil fuels, heavy metals in the
atmosphere, petroleum derivatives from cars and trucks.


Turfgrass serves as a unique filtering or buffering agent for water cascading
over it. As water flows over turfgrass, the soil captures and retains sediment
and other particles, thereby acting as a catch basin for groundwater pollutants.

Groundwater is essentially purified as it flows across grassy areas.


Turfgrass also retains inorganic plant materials applied to it. Despite repeated
applications of nitrate fertilizer to both plots in successive years, no trace
of fertilizer was found in groundwater at any time.

No trace of the pre-emergent crabgrass control product was found in the
groundwater. Less than one part per million of an herbicide applied for weed
control was found in the groundwater.

Subsequent tests conducted on swales on interstate highways verified initial
test data. In one test, groundwater flow was reduced by more than 65 percent by
turfgrass growing in the swales.

If we would profit from the Penn State tests and reduce pollution of the
Chesapeake, Potomac and other waterways, we should incorporate some of the
following actions into home and commercial landscape management programs:


Always maintain existing lawns in good condition. If you have a strip of soil
between the sidewalk and the street, grow grass there as a buffer to trap
sediment flowing off the sidewalk or driveway.


Engineer downspouts from the house so water is discharged over grass before it
cascades onto the street. Remember, sediment in water from rooftops will stay in
the grass if you direct water there.


Inorganic fertilizers that break down slowly cannot pollute the groundwater. The
fertilizer isobutylidene diurea (IBDU) is a perfect example of a slow-release
turfgrass fertilizer not contributing to groundwater pollution because it breaks
down over 16 weeks, regardless of the time of year or environmental conditions.

Even on sandy soils, IBDU offers the same pollution-free performance.

Remember that IBDU was first created as a slow-release fertilizer for rice
plants growing in water.


If you have bare soil and signs of erosion, make an honest effort to grow some
grass there, even if it's not acceptable in the landscape.

The popular Kentucky 31 tall fescue ranks among the worst of the cultivated
grasses on the face of the earth, but K-31 is more acceptable than seeing
sediment from bare soil wash down the street.


Commercial developers, shopping malls, parking lots and the like should consider
reengineering surfaces where groundwater pollutants wash into catch basins and
storm sewers.

In the last 20 feet before a catch basin, a properly maintained strip of
turfgrass (turf-type tall fescue or Meyer's Z-52 zoysia) is a solution.

Asphalt or concrete should be ripped up and a large grass strip installed to
serve as a trap for sediment and pollutants in groundwater.

Here are other priorities for the garden week:


Fertilize azaleas and camellias if you haven't done so already. Hollytone has
been the standard fertilizer over the years, so perpetuate your own tradition.
Apply Hollytone to bare soil and cultivate lightly at the drip line; if the soil
is mulched, rake the mulch to the side, fertilize, then rake mulch in place.

Cottonseed meal (7-2-2) is a good substitute; apply at 10 pounds per 100 square
feet, scratched in.


If you have a zoysia lawn, apply IBDU Turf Assurance now at the high rate on the
label (setting No. 6 on the rotary Cyclone or Spyker spreader) which applies 1
1/2 pounds of slow-release nitrogen to the lawn. Cut the zoysia first, then
apply the IBDU.

Treat the border of your zoysia lawn first, then the rest. Come Father's Day,
make a second application of IBDU, again at the high rate. Fall zoysia feedings
of IBDU at the high rate are scheduled for Sept. 1 and Halloween.

According to the zoysia turf manager at Pursley's Turf Farms in Sarasota, Fla.,
six pounds of IBDU nitrogen over the course of the year on sandy or hardpan soil
will produce a spectacular zoysia lawn free of disease.

Also, lay in a supply of granular Diazinon to apply to the zoysia lawn next
weekend, watered in, to control female billbugs before they deposit eggs in the
turf.

Even if you have never encountered billbugs before, granular Diazinon now is
your best insurance policy.


Protect iris by spraying leaves with liquid Thiodan to control borers. Spray in
the evening when no rain is forecast to maximize uptake of Thiodan.


If troubled by invading bamboo, begin eradication efforts now by fertilizing
with any water-soluble plant food (applied via the hose-end sprayer), then
painting the bamboo with glyphosate the first weekend in May. We'll update at
that time.

Spray pyracantha foliage with powdered Bayleton to prevent scab disease from
ruining the bright orange berries starting to develop. Spray in the evening when
no rain is forecast.

Jack Eden is the host of "Over the Garden Fence" Sundays from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.
on WTOP Radio (1500 AM).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                              April 4, 2008 Friday

Up to 18 linked to jet plot;
Gang planned 'civilian death toll on an almost unprecedented scale,' British
prosecutor says

BYLINE: Michael Holden, REUTERS NEWS AGENCY

SECTION: WORLD AND COMMENT; Pg. AA02

LENGTH: 639 words

DATELINE: LONDON


As many as 18 suicide bombers may have planned to take part in a terrorist plot
to blow up transatlantic airliners that could have killed more than 1,500
people, a London court heard yesterday.

Prosecutors said a gang of Britons planned to simultaneously explode passenger
aircraft in mid-air between London's Heathrow airport and the United States and
Canada.

They were close to putting their scheme into action when they were arrested in
August 2006, the court was told.

"It is the prosecution case that these men and others were engaged in a deadly
plan designed to bring about, what would have been if they had been successful,
a civilian death toll from an act of terrorism on an almost unprecedented
scale," said prosecutor Peter Wright.

"These men were ... indifferent to the carnage that was likely to ensue if their
plans were successful. To them the identities of their victims was a complete
irrelevance. All in the name of Islam."

The alleged plot involved homemade liquid explosives, hydrogen peroxide-based
mixtures, hidden in soft drink bottles. The devices would have been put together
on board and detonated when the planes were in mid-air, Wright said.

Eight men are on trial.

Wright said the plot appeared to centre on seven transatlantic flights,
including flights to Toronto and Montreal, carrying more than 200 passengers
each. But recorded conversations among the suspects suggested up to 18 suicide
bombers and other terminals might have been involved, he added.

"From the evidence you hear, you may conclude these men were almost ready to put
this plot into practice," Wright said.

"They are men with the cold-eyed certainty of the fanatic."

The eight British citizens on trial at Woolwich Crown Court, a maximum security
site in east London, are Abdullah Ahmad Ali, 27; Assad Sarwar, 27; Tanvir
Hussain, 27; Mohammed Gulzar, 26; Ibrahim Savant, 27; Arafat Khan, 26; Waheed
Zaman, 23; and Umar Islam, 29. All are charged with conspiracy to murder. They
are also accused of plotting "to commit an act of violence likely to endanger
the safety of an aircraft."

The men, all from the London area, deny the charges. They sat in the dock
flanked by guards.

The suspects were arrested in August 2006, just over a year after four British
Islamists killed 52 commuters in suicide bomb attacks on London's transport
system. The arrests led to an increase in security measures, bringing chaos to
airports.

Ali, Sarwar and Gulzar were the ringleaders, Wright said. A computer memory
stick found on Ali allegedly contained detailed information about flights and
airport security.

Seven flights to six North American destinations - Toronto, Montreal, San
Francisco, Washington, New York and Chicago - were highlighted. The planes were
777s, 767s, and 763s, capable of carrying 241 to 285 people each.

Wright also showed the jury a small address book allegedly found in Ali's
possession that contained lists of items needed to assemble liquid bombs.

"Clean batteries, disguise ... drink bottles ... check time to fill each
bottle," the list said. "Decide on which battery to use for D. Small is best.
Select date. Five days before. All link up, prepare.

"One drink use. Other keep in pocket maybe will not get through ... plus keys
and chewing gum ... cameras take. The drinks that you should drink should be
different flavr (sic)."

Potentially explosive quantities of hydrogen peroxide, the prosecutor said, were
to be mixed with Tang, a fruit-flavoured drink powder, then injected by
hypodermic needle into the bottom of plastic drink bottles to make it appear as
though the bottles were unopened when they were taken through security.

Small AA batteries, he said, were to be emptied and refilled with a homemade
detonating compound, which would then be set off with something such as a
disposable camera flash.

With files from Los Angeles Times

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  London Police Photos Defendants in the airline bomb plot trial are
(top row, from left) Abdullah Ahmad Ali, Arafat Khan, Assad Sarwar, Ibrahim
Savant and (bottom row, from left) Mohammed Gulzar, Tanvir Hussain, Umar Islam
and Waheed Zaman. They are accused of plotting to blow up flights to the U.S.
and Canada.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2008 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 9, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Pac-Man and Movie Plots

SECTION: Section 6; Page 110, Column 2; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 236 words


No Hollywood executive seems to realize that the industry's future lies in
remedying its greatest weakness: movies frozen in single plots (''Hollywood's
Video Gamble,'' by Aljean Harmetz, March 28). Steering Pac-Man around a child's
maze will not satisfy us forever, but it has given us a taste for something new.
How soon before we demand leading roles in movies, to plot our own revenge
against Darth Vader or - overriding Jill Clayburgh - to follow Alan Bates to New
England?

Two-way cable systems have already experimented with providing viewers a choice
of happy or sad endings to television dramas.  Computer technology will continue
to replace rigid plots with multiple-contingency structures - and the seemingly
infinite variety of games.

For actors, the new technology poses the challenge of performing hundreds of
variations on plots with only the loosest structure.  Mosaics of colored dots
thus recorded will be mathematically interpolated - by computer in real time -
to provide millions of additional plot variations.

With this technology, most of Hollywood's archives will be as marketable as
newspaper accounts of the last baseball season.  Designers of the most
compelling contingency structures will become our new Cervanteses and
Shakespeares.
JAMES R. BENIGER, Assistant Professor of Sociology, Princeton University,
Princeton, N.J.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Cartoon

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             July 13, 1993, Tuesday

No plot to hide homeless

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 18

LENGTH: 430 words


Almost nothing happens regarding the homeless in Atlanta these days without
someone saying it is part of a plot. This plot, which apparently is the world's
worst-kept secret, is to hide the homeless while Atlanta hosts the 1996 Olympic
Games.

It was said about a proposal to use a lot in south DeKalb County as the sight
for 36 boxcars converted to serve as transitional housing for the homeless. Now
advocates of the homeless are saying it about police enforcement of a package of
public-nuisance laws passed by the City Council two years ago.

The advocates say the laws - which prohibit aggressive panhandling and loitering
on private property - are being used by police to sweep homeless people from the
streets. They want the laws repealed so they can't be used as part of that plot
to hide the homeless.

But the existence of the laws is no evidence of a plot. Moreover, simply
repealing them won't help the homeless.

Large cities from New York to San Francisco are facing the same issues
surrounding the large population of people without permanent shelter. Atlanta
would be dealing with the problem with or without the Olympics, and its tactics
probably would be pretty much the ones it is using now.

If homeless advocates are correct in their assertion that poor people without
homes are having their rights trampled, they should appeal the laws. But they
should be prepared to cite specific instances of overzealousness by the police.

After all, the police cannot stand by while people are abused by overly
aggressive panhandlers. Nor can they allow the homeless to endanger themselves
by sleeping in unsafe abandoned buildings.

Above all, homeless advocates and city officials must keep working toward
permanent solutions. Even if the city were plotting to hide the homeless - a
group that some estimate to number as much as 15,000 - it would fail, especially
during such a high-profile event as the Olympic Games.

When the world media spotlight falls on Atlanta for those two weeks during the
summer of 1996, members of the press will paint a portrait of the city that
includes warts and all. If there are no homeless people in Atlanta during the
Games, someone will want to know why. It won't be possible to get away with
hiding them in boxcars or in the city jail.

The sensible solution, of course, is to provide homeless people with safe and
sanitary shelter and to provide the necessary social services, job training and
employment opportunities they need to regain their self- sufficiency. In that
environment, hiding them would not be necessary.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931950130

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday

Washington: USGS Releases New JavaScript Library for Plotting Water Data for the
Nation

LENGTH: 362  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Geological Survey has issued the following news release:



 Developed by the USGS Texas Water Science Center, the user-friendly interface
integrates the open-source dygraphs JavaScript charting library with hydrologic
data provided by USGS water services.





 Using GWIS, one or more interactive plots of any current or historical data
available from the USGS Instantaneous (Real-Time) Service or Daily Value Service
can easily be inserted into a web page. Plot appearance is customizable, and the
plots feature interactive zooming, an interactive legend and optional user
controls such as full screen and y-axis log scaling. Multiple plot series,
double y-axes and pop-up plots are also supported.In this example, time-series
data for the USGS station at Jacobs Well near Wimberley, Texas
(https://waterdata.usgs.gov/nwis/uv?site_no=08170990) is shown from January 9
through 29, 2017. The GWIS plot shows both streamflow and specific conductance
in the graph. Double y-axes are used showing how specific conductance changes as
streamflow increases.



 Some GWIS plot features available with the library include:



     Interactive Zoom: Click-drag vertically or horizontally in the axes to zoom
the plot. Double clicking resets the full range.

     Interactive Legend: Hover over the axes to display values for each series
in the legend.

     Custom Controls: Several tools are available that can be added below the
plot.

     Multiple Data Series Support: Add many data series to your plot.

     Double Y-Axis Support: Show relationships between data with different units
using double y-axes.

     Customizable Appearance: Style the plot using a variety of options.In this
example, time-series data for the USGS station on the Colorado River at Austin,
Texas (https://waterdata.usgs.gov/nwis/uv?site_no=08158000) is shown for the
past 365 days. The GWIS plot shows daily mean streamflow plotted in combination
with both daily maximum and minimum streamflow. The time slider at the bottom is
used to focus on the most recent 180 days of measured data.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             March 18, 2005 Friday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

PEOPLE NEWS/GOSSIP/SCOOPS

BYLINE: FROM NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 567 words


LETTERMAN'S SON A TARGET OF PLOT? Authorities say it was a plot to kidnap David
Letterman's toddler son and nanny from the talk-show host's Montana home. On
Thursday, they arrested Kelly A. Frank, 43, and charged him with felony
solicitation, theft and obstruction.

The plot was uncovered, according to the Montana Department of Corrections, when
someone whom Frank had approached about the plan informed local police. A
spokesman said Frank had been working as a painter at Letterman's 2,700-acre
ranch west of Choteau, Mont., and apparently confided in an acquaintance this
month of his plan to kidnap Letterman's son and nanny and hold them for $5
million ransom.

Authorities say Frank is charged with felony theft for overcharging Letterman
for painting and obstruction for lying to investigators who first contacted him
about the alleged plot.

Letterman's girlfriend, Regina Lasko, gave birth to their son on Nov. 3, 2003.
Letterman said the boy, his first child, was named after his late father, Harry
Joseph Letterman.

LIL' KIM CONVICTED: Rap diva Lil' Kim (aka Kimberly Jones) could be the next
celebrity cellmate in the Big House. She was convicted Thursday of lying to a
federal grand jury to protect friends involved in a shootout outside a New York
City radio station. She and her assistant were both convicted of perjury and
conspiracy but acquitted of obstruction of justice. They each face up to 20
years in prison; sentencing was set for June 24.

ANOTHER "BREAK UP" FOR JEN: Jennifer Aniston's next film project will be "The
Break Up." But don't get your hopes up. It's not about her breakup with Brad
Pitt. The Hollywood Reporter says it's a comedy that will co-star Vince Vaughn.
The title, at least, should be worth some buzz.

LONG LIVE THE KING: Raspy-voiced gabmeister Larry King is showing no signs of
easing up. Daily Variety reports that King, 71, has renewed his contract with
CNN to continue his "Larry King Live" show through 2009. And who could blame
him? It's hard to walk away from a $7 mil-a-year gig.

PAIRINGS & PARTINGS: Boris Kodjoe and Nicole Ari Parker, who starred in the
Showtime series "Soul Food," are new parents. Parker gave birth to the couple's
first child, Sophie Tei-Naaki Lee Kodjoe, on Saturday. They plan to wed in May.
. . . The husband of "Monk" co-star Traylor Howard wants out of their marriage.
Christian Navarro, a wine merchant, filed for divorce Tuesday. They were married
in April 2003 but have been separated since May 1.

DID SOMEBODY SAY BIRTHDAY CAKE? It wasn't a honky-tonk hoedown gone bad that
caused all the trouble for Nashville cops early Wednesday morning. This time,
the ruckus started at a birthday bash hosted by Young Buck, the rapper who's
charged with stabbing a man during a melee at the Vibe Awards in LA in November.
Police say they were called to The Trap nightclub after 700 people tried to rush
the building despite shotgun-carrying security guards. About 30 officers
responded and three people were arrested on minor charges. Young Buck (aka David
Darnell Brown), a Nashville native who turned 24 on Tuesday, wasn't charged in
the incident.

DONALD, MEET YOUR DOUBLE: ABC has found the man who would be Donald Trump. That
would be Justin Louis, currently starring in Lifetime's "MISSING" and before
that, the NBC sitcom "Hidden Hills." He'll play the Trumpster in the biopic
"Ambition," set for a May telecast. -- Compiled by Ray Jordan

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  PAGE 2

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 Photon - Frank    Photo by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS -  Rapper Lil' Kim, whose real
name is Kimberly Jones, was convicted Thursday in New York City of lying to a
federal grand jury.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              June 8, 2007 Friday

Freakin' overblown

BYLINE: Reformer.com

SECTION: EDITORIALS

LENGTH: 500 words


"JFK TERROR PLOT" screamed the front pages of the New York tabloids on Sunday
morning.

Yet another terrorist plot was foiled, we were told. This time it was a plan to
blow up the fuel tanks and pipelines at New York's Kennedy Airport and
incinerate the borough of Queens in the process.

But it only took a couple of days before we learned that the so-called plot had
little chance of succeeding, that the so-called plotters had no explosives or
financial backing to carry out the attack and that the chief source of
intelligence for law enforcement agencies was a convicted drug dealer who
infiltrated the so-called terror cell in exchange for a lighter sentence.

None of the would-be attackers had ties to Iraq, Iran or any other country in
the Middle East. They had no ties to al-Qaida or any other terrorist group.

Of course, none of this got the big screaming headlines that the initial news of
the arrests did. But it's been par for the course in the alleged global war on
terror that the Bush administration is waging.

We've seen the pattern time and time again. The most absurd and improbable plots
get hyped into the next 9/11 by the administration, aided by a compliant media
that can't resist a seemingly juicy story.

Certainly, every lead needs to be investigated and people who might be plotting
some sort of attack should be arrested. But not all threats are created equal
and too many of them have been blown out of proportion.

Remember the guys who were going to use a blowtorch to take down the Brooklyn
Bridge? The "Lackawanna Six," the Yemen-Americans allegedly linked to al-Qaida?
Jose Padilla and the "dirty bomb" that never was? The "Seas of David" group in
Miami that wanted to blow up the Sears Tower in Chicago? All of these were hyped
into major plots, and in every case, there was far more talk than action.

Even the recent "plot" to attack Fort Dix in New Jersey, while slightly more
plausible, had an extremely low probability of success. Unless the six guys are
Sylvester Stallone, Chuck Norris, Bruce Willis, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Steven
Seagal and Jean-Claude Van Damme -- in character, of course -- they are not
going to infiltrate an Army base.

The irony of the terrorism hype is that it helps the terrorists. After all, the
whole point of terrorism is to terrorize. And if people are running around
afraid that swarthy Arabic men are going to blow them to bits, well, the
terrorists have won.

On Monday, New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg offered the best advice for
Americans -- "Get a life."

"There are lots of threats to you in the world," Bloomberg said. "There's the
threat of a heart attack for genetic reasons. You can't sit there and worry
about everything. You have much greater chance of being hit by lightning than
being struck by a terrorist."

Instead of freaking out at every hint of a threat, Americans should take a deep
breath and recognize that there is nothing to worry about -- except from
politicians who want to manipulate our fears to carry out their policies.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                  May 12, 1986

SECTION: NEW PRODUCTS; Software & Services Applications Packages; Pg. 123

LENGTH: 146 words


Control Data Corp. has added Shazam from the University of British Columbia,
Premini from K & H Computer Systems, Ltd. and three Plot 10 graphics development
applications from Tektronix, Inc. to the Control Data Network Operating/Virtual
Environment software base for users of its Cyber 180 computer systems.

Shazam is an econometrics software application for performing regression
analyses, simultaneous equation estimations and principal components.

Premini is a project-management application for setting goals and scheduling
resources, according to the vendor.

The Plot 10 applications include the Plot 10 Graphical Kernal System, the Plot
10 Interactive Graphics Library and the Plot 10 Terminal Control System.

Shazam costs $900. Premini costs $20,000, and the Plot 10 applications cost from
$7,000 to $25,000.

CDC, 8100 34th Ave. S., Minneapolis, Minn. 55440.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1986 Computerworld, Inc.


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                          September 9, 2000, Saturday

GRAVE PLOT PRICES TO RISE; HAINES CITY RESIDENTS FLOCKING TO SAVE MONEY.

BYLINE: AMBER SMITH The Ledger

SECTION: East Polk; Pg. F1

LENGTH: 356 words


HAINES CITY -- Residents have been swarming to City Hall to purchase cemetery
plots before city commissioners more than double the prices.

City commissioners have agreed to raise the prices of cemetery plots at the two
city-owned cemeteries, Forest Hill and Oakland. Costs will rise from $ 150 per
plot to $ 360 for residents, while nonresidents will see prices rise from $ 300
to $ 720 per plot.

"We sold 95 plots in all of last year and I've sold 53 plots in the past two
weeks," said City Clerk Cherry Dowdy. "Everyone seems to want to get their lots
before the prices go up. I've probably had 25 calls in the past week asking when
the rates are going up."

Commissioners have not yet set the date when the prices will rise. Dowdy said
she thought the issue might be on the agenda for the Sept. 21 commission
meeting.

"I don't know if the commissioners will want the new prices to take effect
immediately or if they will wait until Oct. 1," Dowdy said.

In Haines City, residents are actually given the deed to their cemetery plot.
The city maintains the cemetery by mowing and trimming weeds.

Dowdy said people can either pick out their own plots or the city can pick them
out for them.

"Most people like to pick out their own spots," she said. "They come in and make
an appointment to go out and look at the lots and then after they pay for them,
I make out a deed and send it off to Bartow to be recorded."

Dowdy said residents can also buy plots in bulk by buying a lot.

A lot actually has room for eight plots. Anyone buying a lot is charged per plot
.

"I had one family that bought 11 plots and then decided to go ahead and buy
three more. That's probably the most I have sold at one time," she said.

Dowdy said the city has been in charge of selling the plots since the late
1920s.

"I've got an old book that has entries from 1927 in it," she said.

Dowdy said she doesn't expect the rush on the plots to slow down any time soon.

"I was joking that I need to go out and pick out my plot, too," Dowdy said.

Anyone interested in buying a plot or a lot can call Dowdy at City Hall at
421-3650.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2000 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            June 20, 2012 Wednesday

Fabens woman's reserved cemetery plot used to bury another person

BYLINE: By Ramón Rentería \ El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 580 words


Maria Rivera scraped together $1,200 to reserve a cemetery plot next to her
husband, Lorenzo, a humble cotton gin retiree known as "El Guero."

Rivera, 85, just recently learned the plot she had reserved at Our Lady of
Guadalupe Parish Cemetery in Fabens was mistakenly used to bury someone else.

Rivera, a Fabens homemaker and mother of four adult children, thought she had
taken an important step toward fulfilling her husband's fondest wish: that they
be buried next to each other after more than 60 years of marriage.

Now, Rivera is upset and disenchanted. Her family and church officials cannot
agree on how the situation, the result of a clerical error, should be fixed.

Church officials acknowledged they made a mistake, but say the family made extra
demands and rejected their offer to reserve a spot for Maria Rivera at another
nearby plot.

Lorenzo Rivera Sr. died in May from diabetes-related complications. He was 87.

The Rivera family went to the cemetery on Father's Day to pay their respects to
Lorenzo and discovered the plot previously reserved for Maria Rivera is now
occupied by 19-year-old Eber Antonio Gonzalez, who died recently.

Maria Rivera declined to be interviewed in detail, but her children and
grandchildren say the experience has left her angry.

"At this point, it looks like they (church officials) are not going to do the
right thing," said Joy Mahmood, 38, a workers' compensation insurance adjuster
in California and one of Lorenzo and Maria Rivera's nine grandchildren. "The
whole family is devastated."

Mahmood claims the church is unwilling to move her grandfather to another plot
or to dig him up and make the grave deeper so his wife can be buried in the same
grave, like the double-decker graves at Fort Bliss National Cemetery.

The Catholic parish in Fabens operates the cemetery about 30 miles east of El
Paso.

Whether the family or the church will foot the bill for a headstone and whether
Maria Rivera should be reimbursed is also in dispute.

"What irks me is that my grandmother used her savings to pay for this up front,"
Mahmood said. "I think we're being reasonable."

Lorenzo Rivera's children and grandchildren described him as a humble Mexican
immigrant who became a naturalized United States citizen. He loved to garden,
rooted for the San Francisco 49ers and loved the American flag on the pole in
his front yard. He built a three-bedroom house for his family in Fabens.

"They don't make men like him anymore," Mahmood said.

All front doors to the church and rectory were locked on Tuesday.

The Rev. Tonio Mena, pastor of Our Lady of Guadalupe Parish, declined to comment
via telephone.

Norrine Stitt, 75, a lifelong Fabens resident who works as a volunteer at the
church, said by phone that the Rivera family has been unwilling to compromise
with the church.

"It was an honest mistake," she said. "We tried to compromise by reserving a
spot at the head of their father so they would be together. But they wanted us
to dig the body out and put it another place. We can't do that."

Larry Rivera Jr., 59, one of Maria and Lorenzo Rivera Sr.'s sons, said he is
hopeful the family can resolve the dispute without going to court.

Maria Rivera is not sure any solution that is hammered out between her relatives
and church officials is going to make her or the family happy.

"Ya no le hace, tierra es tierra. (It doesn't matter, earth is earth)," she said
in a brief telephone conversation.

Ramcn Renterca may be reached at rrenteria@elpasotimes.com; 546-6146.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: L. Rivera
Lorenzo Rivera's grave is at right at Our Lady of Guadalupe Parish Cemetery in
Fabens.
Larry Rivera, Jr. stood before the grave of his father, Lorenzo Rivera, Tuesday
at the Fabens Cemetery.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2015 Friday

Wisconsin: Sustainable Development Institute Completes Installation of Forest
Monitoring Plots

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: Madison


College of Menominee Nation's, The State of Wisconsin has issued the following
News release:

Over the past two years, eight students and two crew leaders worked under the
guidance of the Director of the Center for First Americans Forestlands and with
the support of scientists from UW Green Bay and the Smithsonian Institute to
delineate, survey, and census three - one hectare climate change forest
monitoring plots. One plot located on the East side of the College of Menominee
Nation (CMN) Keshena campus is considered a training plot. The other two plots
are located in the northern region of the Menominee Indian Reservation, and are
considered long-term forest monitoring plots. The plots can be used for a
variety of activities ranging from casual discussions, to structured "outdoor"
classroom tasks, to advanced research which includes monitoring various
ecological aspects of the forest to measure the impacts of climate change. The
training plot at CMN is part of a larger outdoor learning exhibit termed "The
Learning Path," which extends for about a half mile along the East side of the
Keshena campus. The plots were installed using an advanced tree census protocol
developed by Dr. Richard Condit.

The installation of these plots was funded partially through the financial and
technical assistance of the Smithsonian Institute. The plot work is a component
of a larger three-year project funded primarily through a USDA-NIFA Tribal
Research Grant Program titled, "Measuring the Pulse of the Forest." The NIFA
project essentially has two primary components; Forest-based ecological data
collection (Plot Installation), and cultural assessment of the forest resource
related to climate change. Chris Caldwell, Director, SDI, has been the principle
investigator of the cultural piece of this project, working in conjunction with
Michigan St. University and other project partners to build capacity in this
context. Dean Fellman, Director, Center for First Americans Forestlands, has
been working with the Smithsonian Institution and other partners to build
research capacity through the plot installation. The report available here is
focused on the forest plot work, and was issued as both a courtesy and condition
of the assistance Smithsonian provided.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Here's A Sign Of Spring;
Public Garden Plots Now Available For Rent Public Garden

BYLINE: Ad Crable

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 282  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


ACRABLE@LNPNEWS.COM

If you are desperately seeking some kind of sign that spring is just around the
corner, here's one: The public garden plots in Lancaster County Central Park are
now available for rent.

The plots have been a popular source for green thumbs since the 1970s. More
recently, organic plots have been added that are free of pesticides and
herbicides for several years.

The gardening season is from April 15 through Oct. 15.

"Being involved in a community garden plot program provides an opportunity to
meet people and to share gardening techniques, plants and food," observes Lisa
Sanchez, a park naturalist.

"It's a great idea to grow your own food, to choose what you want to plant.
Watching birds and other wildlife in their outdoor habitat is an added plus."

The plots are ideal for gardeners with limited spaces at home or for groups
looking for a summer project, Sanchez says.

The gardening area is located along Farm View Drive, just off Golf Road, and is
in a high, open area in the park.

To rent a plot, call the Central Park office at 299-8215 or go in person to the
office at 1050 Rockford Road from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday. For
more information, visit lancastercountyparks.org.

You must be a Lancaster County resident to rent a plot.

Available are plots 20 feet by 20 feet for $22 or plots 20 feet by 40 feet for
$27.50.

n Now available to rent in Lancaster County Central Park

n Located along Farm View Drive, just off Golf Road

n Season is from April 15 through Oct. 15

n Must be a county resident to rent a plot

n To rent a plot, call the Central Park office at 299-8215 or visit the office
at 1050 Rockford Road from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lancaster County Parks Department Garden Plots For Rent By The Public
Have Been A Fixture At Lancaster County Central Park Since The 1970S

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           August 16, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

THE OPEN FORUM - Letters to the editor

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-06

LENGTH: 1241 words


FasTracks and the rising cost of materials Re: "Soaring costs drive RTD to put
plans on fast track," Aug. 9 news story.

Regarding the upward trend of global construction material prices, RTD general
manager Cal Marsella said, "Nobody could have seen this coming."

Actually, many people saw this coming and voiced their concerns during the
FasTracks campaign in 2004. The voters approved the $4.7 billion budget while
the price of steel nearly doubled in 2004. Many of us at the FasTracks public
hearings urged RTD to revise its cost estimates to account for the construction
materials price increase.

Soon, the original $4.7 billion budget will be exhausted. RTD will be forced to
reduce the scope of the project or ask the taxpayers for another tax increase.
The Gold Line Rail or the U.S. 36 Corridor Bus Rapid Transit could face dramatic
reductions because the allocated funding for the projects, with earlier
completion goals, will most likely be over budget, resulting in reductions in
the project scope of the later-completing projects.

Bret Egan, Arvada

----------------------------------------

Airplane terror plot foiled by British intelligence

I heartily commend the British for their extraordinary efforts in foiling the
terrorist plot to destroy U.S.-bound airliners. Since September 2001, liberals
have attempted to discredit the Bush administration for its efforts to fight the
war on terror. Liberal Democrats whine about NSA eavesdropping of terrorist
plots in favor of civil rights. The state of Connecticut is rejoicing at the
recent defeat of Sen. Joe Lieberman, who supports the war in Iraq. Anti-war
protesters are demanding terrorists' rights in Lebanon.

The London plot is a wake-up call to all of us. As we have witnessed, this
diabolical and sinister enemy will stop at nothing to achieve its purpose. Yet,
in spite of it all, there are those who just don't get it.

Brian Stuckey, Denver

...

Letter-writer Richard Becker attempts to use the foiling of an alleged terrorist
plot in Britain as justification for spying on ordinary U.S. citizens here (Aug.
12 Open Forum). This conclusion is based on two false premises. This activity
occurred in Britain, not in the U.S. I don't know what constitutional
protections Brits have, nor do I care, because I am not British. And it has not
been reported what methods were used to uncover this alleged plot. Furthermore,
the people involved in this alleged plot hardly seem like "ordinary citizens" to
me, if indeed they were citizens at all.

Meanwhile, it should be clear that the terrorists are not from (or even in)
Iraq, although we continue to punish Iraqis by waging our "war on terror" in
their country.

Joe Felice, Aurora

---------------------------------------- Legal rights for same-sex partners in
Colo. Re: "Gay and lesbian issues to dominate the ballot again," Aug. 9 Al
Knight column.

In the latest of his series of columns opposing basic legal rights for committed
same-sex couples, Al Knight seems to believe that the best way to beat
Referendum I is to call the measure something it simply isn't.

Knight, who has written three columns on this issue but has yet to contact our
campaign to learn the facts about it, wants readers to believe that Referendum I
is indistinguishable from gay marriage. That's just factually wrong.

In fact, even the most prominent supporters of a state constitutional amendment
to ban gay marriage have repeatedly stated publicly that Referendum I isn't gay
marriage, that voters can vote for both, and the two can co-exist. And national
proponents of gay marriage have also pointed out that Referendum I falls short
of gay marriage. So, on this point - that Referendum I is not gay marriage -
these two opposing groups agree.

Even more importantly, Knight ignores the simple, essential and common-sense
protections and responsibilities that Referendum I grants. It's just basic
fairness to ensure that Coloradans have the right to visit a sick partner in a
hospital. Or to ensure that couples can make end-of-life decisions and funeral
arrangements for each other. Or that they can leave their property to their
partner without onerous tax consequences.

These are the basics. And today, thousands of Colorado couples are denied these
fundamental protections that legally empower them to take care of each other.

No matter how opponents of basic legal rights try to confuse the facts, the
facts are clear. Referendum I isn't gay marriage. It's basic legal rights.

Sean Duffy, Denver

The writer is executive director of Coloradans for Fairness Issue Committee, the
statewide group promoting Referendum I.

----------------------------------------

Political invective

Re: "Perlmutter starts with an insult," Aug. 10 David Harsanyi column.

David Harsanyi takes congressional candidate Ed Perlmutter to task for a
"sanctimonious assertion," to wit: "that sometimes you have to take your kids to
college." This was directed to a childless and unmarried Republican opponent,
Rick O'Donnell. What nonsense. Harsanyi claims to be a fan of "invective in
politics." Just imagine if Perlmutter were unmarried and childless: there'd be a
flurry of Republican-style invective implying that, at Perlmutter's age, being
unmarried and childless is a sure sign that he's a ponce. If Harsanyi likes
invective, he must love Ann Coulter's poisonous ranting from the extreme right -
she makes Perlmutter seem like a Christian (a real one, not re-born).

Scott Mock, Boulder

----------------------------------------

Immigration and wages

Re: "Who's taking whose jobs?" Aug. 14 editorial.

In your editorial, the crux of the whole thing is captured in a single
statement: "The study didn't examine the impact of immigrant labor on wage
levels." Without wage information, the entire Pew Hispanic Center study is
worthless.

I would like to see a study about these "jobs Americans don't want" include a
thorough analysis of pay scales and at what point Americans do want these jobs.
I suspect such a study would find that Americans don't want these jobs at the
current low pay rate being offered, which is often below the minimum wage.

It is time to stop attempting to justify importing cheap, illegal labor with
dubious studies like this one. The jobs that no one wants would be happily
filled by eager workers if the pay was enough to live on. Yes, that might mean
we all pay a little bit more for some things, but it would be well worth it to
provide meaningful employment for our fellow Americans.

Connie Szeflinski, Boulder

----------------------------------------

Daily news plus history

Re: "Cuba's Colorado connection," Aug. 8 Ed Quillen column.

I never miss Ed Quillen's column, and I thought last Tuesday's was especially
timely. It was an interesting bit of history that most of us did not know.

It is nice to read the paper and actually learn something of historical
interest, as well as the daily events.

B.E. Martin, Denver

---------------------------------------- Cartoon depictions of President Bush

I frequently see cartoons by Mike Keefe and others that depict President Bush as
a donkey-eared moron.

These smack of childish behavior that all of us have seen in school. Namely,
when bullies don't like someone, mean and vicious name-calling and other
assaults often happen.

I defend the right to characterize newsworthy people in many different ways
through cartoons. So why not emphasize his manly chest or his grin? At least
those are real characteristics of the president.

Bob Bamford, Aurora

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           December 28, 2010 Tuesday

British court charges 9 in embassy terror plot

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 599 words


LONDON (AP)   Nine men suspected of plotting attacks on the U.S. Embassy and the
London Stock Exchange were charged with terrorism-related crimes Monday and
jailed until their next court appearance.

A dozen men were arrested last week in London, Cardiff and Stoke-on-Trent in
central England in the largest British anti-terror raid in two years. Three were
released without charge. The arrests came at a time of heightened anxiety about
terror plots in Europe.

British officials have released few details, but U.S. State Department spokesman
Mark Toner said the American Embassy in London was among the alleged plot's
possible targets.

"(We) are obviously taking suitable security precautions," Toner told reporters
in Washington.

U.K. officials have previously said that possible targets included the Houses of
Parliament in London and shopping areas elsewhere in the U.K. Others on the
potential target list included the London Stock Exchange as well as political
and religious figures, the BBC reported, citing court proceedings.

A spokeswoman for Britain's Crown Prosecution Service said she could provide no
comment or confirmation of what was said in court Monday, a national holiday in
Britain.

Although the arrests occurred Dec. 21, a security official said last week that
this latest conspiracy didn't appear to be timed for the holidays.

It also wasn't linked to a larger European plot uncovered in the fall involving
a Mumbai-style shooting spree in cities across Britain, France or Germany, or to
last week's suicide bombing in Sweden, he said.

He spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation was ongoing.

The suspects are expected back in court Jan. 14 on a variety of terror-related
charges including conspiracy to cause explosions.

Europe has been the target of numerous terror plots by Islamist militants. The
deadliest was the 2004 Madrid train bombings, when shrapnel-filled bombs
exploded, killing 191 people and wounding about 1,800.

Britain's terror alert has remained unchanged at "severe" while Germany upped
its terror alert Nov. 17 in response to an increased threat from Islamic
extremists.

Since the 2005 suicide bombing attacks on London's transportation network that
killed 52 commuters, there have been a number of other alleged terror plots in
Britain.

In April 2009, 12 men were detained over an alleged al-Qaida bomb plot in the
northern city of Manchester. All were subsequently released without charge and
ordered to leave Britain. One of them, Abid Naseer, was later re-arrested at the
request of the U.S., which says he was involved a plot to bomb the New York City
subway. He is in jail awaiting extradition.

In 2006, U.S. and British intelligence officials thwarted one of the most
dramatic plots yet made public, a plan to explode nearly a dozen trans-Atlantic
airliners.

The nine men in the latest alleged plot are: Gurukanth Desai, 28, Omar Sharif
Latif, 26, and Abdul Malik Miah, 24, from Cardiff, Mohammed Moksudur Rahman
Chowdhury, 20, and Shah Mohammed Lutfar Rahman, 28, from London, and Nazam
Hussain, 25, Usman Khan, 19, Mohibur Rahman, 26, and Abul Bosher Mohammed
Shahjahan, 26, from Stoke-on-Trent.

The decision to charge them was announced early Monday, with police saying that
the conspiracy started Oct. 1 and continued until Dec. 20, the day of the
arrests.

The men are also accused of preparing for acts of terrorism, downloading and
researching materials and methods for acts of terrorism, and carrying out
reconnaissance missions and testing incendiary material.


Associated Press Writer Matthew Lee in Washington contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          February 11, 2004 Wednesday

Legislation to allow unused burial plots to be resold approved by Okla. House
committee

BYLINE: Journal Record staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 255 words


Legislation that would allow abandoned, unused burial plots to be sold again has
been approved by a state House committee.

Rep. Elmer Maddux said that in his predominantly rural district, some cemetery
plots were sold years ago and apparently have been forgotten. Some of the
abandoned plots are more than 75 years old, the Mooreland Republican told
members of the House Committee on the Judiciary. "The lots are just sitting
there," he said.

House Bill 2504 by Maddux would establish guidelines under which an abandoned
burial plot could revert to private or public cemetery use. The plot could not
be claimed unless 75 years or more had passed since the last recorded activity
on the space and a "reasonable search for heirs and beneficiaries" had been
conducted.

The cemetery would be required to send a letter of notice to the last known
address of the property owner of record. Committee members amended the measure
to provide for instances where an address is not available. Cemetery owners also
would be required to publish a description of the abandoned space for three
weeks.

If no person can prove ownership of the burial space within one year of the
publication, the burial space would be deemed abandoned and ownership would
transfer to the cemetery.

HB 2504 stipulates that if a person were to come forward with a legitimate claim
to a burial space after it had been sold or used by the cemetery, the claim
would be resolved by having the cemetery issue "an equal burial space in an
equivalent location."

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                            July 14, 2010 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Life in jail for airline bomb plot

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 253  words


THREE men from London have been jailed for life for plotting mass murder in a
conspiracy to blow up transatlantic flights using liquid bombs.

Ibrahim Savant, Arafat Waheed Khan and Waheed Zaman will serve at least 20 years
in jail over the plot that led to strict rules about carrying liquids on
commercial flights.

The sentences mark the end of a long-running series of trials over the largest
terror plot ever foiled in Britain.

The process has cost more than $51.44 million.

Savant, 29, Khan, 29, and Zaman, 26, were tried last year in connection with the
2006 plot to blow up seven transatlantic flights using liquid explosives.

They were cleared of specifically targeting airlines, but prosecutors tried them
again this year on charges of conspiracy to murder, based on "martyrdom videos"
they recorded threatening attacks on Western targets.

They were found guilty on Thursday at the high-security Woolwich Crown Court.

In passing sentence, judge Timothy Holroyde called the trio "foot soldiers" in
the operation, who did not know their intended targets and took no part in its
planning or in assembling the explosives.

The liquid bomb plot targeted seven flights from London to San Francisco,
Toronto, Montreal, Washington, New York and Chicago that departed within
two-and-a-half hours of each other.

The plan was to smuggle explosives made of hydrogen peroxide onto the planes in
soft drink bottles. Refilled batteries would carry the chemical detonator, with
the bombs set off using a charge from a light bulb filament.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MER


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle, Pennsylvania

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                            March 1, 2006 Wednesday

Officials make graveyard discovery: No one is sure why more than 500 people from
Montgomery County are buried in plots that were supposed to go to Berks County
veterans.

BYLINE: Mary E. Young, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 374 words


Mar. 1--Records at a Montgomery County cemetery show that more than 500
Montgomery residents are buried in plots donated to Berks County veterans, Berks
Commissioner Thomas W. Gajewski Sr. said Tuesday.

Gajewski said that he, assistant county Solicitor Christine M. Sadler and
Controller Sandy Graffius made the discovery last week when they visited the
Limerick Garden of Memories Inc. to determine what happened to 830 plots donated
to the Berks veterans affairs office more than 20 years ago.

Cemetery officials had claimed that only 270 plots were unused but would not
provide information over the telephone about who was buried in the other 560
plots, Gajewski said.

He said no plots have been transferred since 1996 when a new owner took over the
cemetery.

A card system used before then shows the names and addresses of who is buried in
the plots, but provides no information on who authorized the cemetery to
transfer the plots to those people or if they were veterans, Gajewski said. A
few of the people were from Boyertown, but the rest were from Montgomery County,
he said.

"Why would Berks give plots to people from outside Berks County before we would
give them to Berks County veterans?" Gajewski asked.

More information may be available from Berks and Montgomery records, death
certificates and funeral homes, he said.

"I don't know if we're ever going to get any answers because this is old," he
said. "But I don't want to just accept their word that it's 270 (remaining). I
want to go beyond that. We're talking a difference of several hundred plots."

Commissioner Mark C. Scott said the system used by the cemetery also prevents
the county from learning if any of the remaining plots have been transferred to
people who still are alive.

Apparently, Commissioner Judith L. Schwank said, a system to transfer the plots
to veterans had never been set up.

Five men from New York and one man from New Jersey donated the plots, but no
information has been found to show why they chose Berks.

Copyright (c) 2006, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune
Business News. For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800)
661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060301-RE-0301-Officials-make-graveyard-discovery

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2006 Reading Eagle


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Sunday Express

                              June 3, 2007 Sunday

Three held in JFK airport terror plot;
Fourth suspect still on run over plan to kill thousands by blowing up jet-fuel
tanks

BYLINE: By Aidan Harrison

SECTION: NEWS; 2

LENGTH: 580  words


THREE people were arrested yesterday over an alleged terror plot to blow up New
York's JFK airport.

A fourth suspect is still on the run over the plan to plant explosives in
jet-fuel tanks and pipelines which, if detonated, would have destroyed the
airport, killing thousands.

One of three arrested men was caught boasting that the bombing would wreck "the
whole of Kennedy" and cause more damage than the September 11 terror attacks,
law enforcement officials said yesterday.

New York district attorney Rosslyn Mauskopf said they had foiled "one of the
most chilling plots imaginable".

She added: "The devastation that would have been caused had this plot succeeded
is just unthinkable."

Police said investigations had been helped by an informant who recorded
conversations with the suspects.

One of them, Russell Defreitas, forecast "the whole of Kennedy" would be hit,
allegedly saying: "Any time you hit Kennedy, it is the most hurtful thing to the
United States. To hit John F Kennedy, wow . . . They love John F Kennedy like
he's the man . . . If you hit that, this whole country will be mourning. You can
kill the man twice. Even the Twin Towers can't touch it. This can destroy the
economy of America for some time."

The main 40-mile pipeline they targeted takes fuel from a facility in Linden,
New Jersey, to the airport. Other lines service LaGuardia Airport and Newark
Liberty International Airport.

Defreitas, a former cargo worker at JFK and a US citizen, was arrested in
Brooklyn.

Abdul Karir, a Muslim imam, Guyanan citizen and former member of the Guyanan
parliament, was arrested in Trinidad and Tobago, along with fellow suspect
Kareem Ibrahim.

Police said Karir, who left the Guyanan parliament last year, was arrested on
suspicion of trying to secure money for "terrorist operations". The fourth man
was named as Abdel Nur, also a citizen of Guyana.

The FBI described Karir and Nur as associates of Jamaat Al Muslimeen, which was
behind a deadly coup attempt in Trinidad in 1990.

The plot tapped into an international network of Muslim extremists from the
United States, Guyana and Trinidad, the agency added.

New York police commissioner said Raymond Kelly said: "Once again terrorists
have had New York in the crosshairs. Once again, law enforcement agencies have
joined forces to stop them."

But he added that the involvement of a Caribbean link was a "worrying
development".

Mr Kelly described Defreitas as "a self-radicalised New Yorker who was born and
raised in Guyana, but came to New York to live and work, before plotting to
betray his adopted country with a catastrophic attack".

The conspiracy allegedly began in January last year, but investigators insisted
the men were arrested before any risk to the public was posed.

FBI spokesman Richard Kolko added: "There is no threat to air safety or the
public related to this plot."

John F Kennedy International Airport is the busiest airport in the US, handling
more than 100,000 passengers every day and 41million per year.

The arrests mark the latest in a series of alleged homegrown terrorism plots
targeting highprofile American landmarks.

A year ago, seven men were arrested in the early stages of a plot to blow up the
Sears Tower in Chicago and destroy FBI offices and other buildings.

A month later, authorities broke up a plot to bomb underwater New York City
train tunnels to flood lower Manhattan.

And six people were arrested a month ago in an alleged plot to attack the Fort
Dix military installation in New Jersey.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                             July 8, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Tunnel terror plot foiled: Officials use Internet eavesdropping to find suspects
in alleged bombing plan

BYLINE: Sheldon Alberts, CanWest News Service

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 708  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- U.S. law enforcement officials on Friday said they had foiled a
terror plot to blow up commuter-train tunnels linking New York City to New
Jersey, including those leading to Lower Manhattan, the site of the Sept. 11,
2001, attacks on the World Trade Center.

At a news conference in New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation said it
had identified eight suspects in an emerging plot apparently designed to disrupt
the U.S. economy by flooding the financial district in Lower Manhattan.

Lebanese security officials, working in concert with the FBI, have arrested a
man in Beirut identified as an al-Qaida operative and mastermind of the plan,
the officials said.

"We believe we intercepted this group early in the plotting and that in fact the
plan has largely been disrupted," said Mark Mershon, assistant director of the
FBI's New York field office. "The plotting for this attack had matured to a
point where it appeared that the individuals were about to move forward. They
were about to go to a phase where they would attempt to surveil targets,
establish a regimen of attack and acquire the resources necessary to effectuate
the attacks."

Mershon, calling the bombing plot "the real deal," said the suspects wanted to
launch a suicide bomb attack in the PATH commuter trains linking the city to its
New Jersey suburbs.

"The plan involved martyrdom, explosives and some of the tubes that connect New
Jersey to Manhattan," he said, without specifying specific targets.

The disclosure of the alleged plot came on the first anniversary of the attack
on London's Underground that killed 52 people.

It is the third alleged North American bomb plot authorities said they have
disrupted in the last two months. In June, 400 police officers conducted a
series of raids, under Canada's Anti-terrorism Act, and arrested 17 suspects in
southern Ontario.

Two weeks ago, the FBI said it had stopped a plan by suspects in Miami to blow
up Chicago's Sears Tower, though several terror experts have questioned whether
those alleged plotters had posed a serious security threat.

Mershon said several foreign intelligence agencies had aided the U.S. in the New
York investigation, but declined to say whether Canadian authorities were
involved or if any of the suspects had ties to Canada.

"Just because of the nature of the investigation, I'll refrain from making any
specific comments on it," Public Safety Minister Stockwell Day said when asked
Friday about a possible Canadian connection. "As that investigation continues to
unfold we'll see where they've all come from but because its ongoing at this
time I prefer not to comment.

"One thing that we know is that people who plan these despicable deeds, they
know no boundaries. These are terrorists without borders."

An earlier check with a federal official to determine if there was a Canadian
connection to the New York plot generated a: "No comment."

However, the source said it was a popular question on Friday.

According to the FBI's Mershon, law enforcement and intelligence agents had been
monitoring "a group of al Qaida followers" for almost a year prior through
discussions the suspects held on Internet chat rooms.

The plot was identified by intelligence officials who determined the suspects
were using code words to describe their plans to attack tunnels, officials said.

"It had not reached anything close to being operational," said New York police
commissioner Ray Kelly. But the suspects' desire to attack commuter trains
carrying hundreds of thousands of passengers each day shows "that New York still
remains in the cross-hairs of the terrorists."

Lebanese authorities said they had arrested 31-year-old Assem Hammoud and
obtained a confession from him swearing allegiance to Osama bin Laden and
revealing his hopes to carry out the attacks in New York this October or
November.

"After questioning he confessed ... that he was planning to travel to Pakistan
for four months' training and that the date for the attack was decided to be
late in 2006," the Lebanese interior ministry said in a statement.

Hammoud had been carrying out a "religious order from Osama bin Laden" and was
instructed to disguise his Islamic militancy in Beirut and lead a modern
lifestyle, the Lebanese statement said.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Color Photo: Getty Images; Entrance to the Holland Tunnel connecting New York
and New Jersey is observed by police on Friday. Officials reportedly uncovered a
plot to bomb the tunnel by monitoring Internet chat rooms.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              May 13, 2007 Sunday
                                 THIRD EDITION

ARTS NEWS BRIEFS

BYLINE: CONTRIBUTORS: David bonetti, Kevin johnson, SARAH BRYAN MILLER, judith
newmark

SECTION: A&E; Pg. F2

LENGTH: 815 words


'Menopause' will close

After a 63-week run at the Playhouse at West Port Plaza, "Menopause The Musical"
will end its St. Louis run. The last performance is Sunday, May 20, at 5:30 p.m.

The show - a spoof about the "change" that features parodies of hit Baby Boomer
songs - sold more than 82,000 tickets. Tom Clyde, producing owner of the
Playhouse, said he plans to open another show in June.

During its last week, "Menopause" will play at 7:30 Tuesday-Friday, at 4 p.m.
and 7:30 p.m. Saturday and at 2 p.m. and 5:30 p.m. on May 20. Tickets, $33, are
available by calling 314-469-7529, or 314-534-1111. For more information, visit
www.playhouseatwestport.com online. (JN)

Workshop will focus on plot development

A workshop to help playwrights develop plot will be presented by First Run
Theatre on Saturday at DeSmet Jesuit High School, 233 North New Ballas Road.

David Crespy will lead the workshop, "New Machinations: Exploring Plot in Your
Play." An associate professor in the theater department at the University of
Missouri-Columbia, Crespy is co-chair of the Mid America Theatre Conference
Playwriting Symposium.

Crespy will introduce writers to techniques including plot card, plot outlines,
plot treatment and dream work. Writers are invited to bring short plays or play
segments to work on, as well as play ideas that they want to dramatize.

The workshop, which runs from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. (with a lunch break), costs $20.
Actors also are invited to the workshop to help as readers and to give
critiques; there is no admission charge for actors.

To register, call 314-352-5114, or visit www.firstruntheatre.com online. (JN)

Landmarks Association announces awards

The Landmarks Association of St. Louis will give awards to 11 architectural
rehab projects judged to be "most enhanced." The award ceremony and reception
takes place 5:30-7 p.m., Monday, at the Lucas School House, one of the winners,
1220 Allen Avenue. Admission is $25 at the door.

The winners, in no particular order, are:

- Neighborhood Gardens Apartments (1935), Biddle and Seventh streets

- Majestic Stove Lofts (1895-1913), 21st Street between Washington Avenue and
Delmar Boulevard

- Salena Dairy (1884-1920), 2919-21 Salena Street

- Field School Lofts (1900), 4466 Olive Street

5. Bowood Farms (1916-23), 4621 Olive Street

- Soulard Market Apartments (1899-1906), Carroll and South Eighth streets

- Marquette Building (1913), 314 North Broadway

- Tower-Manley House (1889), 1520 South Grand Boulevard

- Russell Place (1880 to the present), 2800 block of Russell Boulevard

- North Market Place Apartments (1870-1910), various addresses

- Lucas School House (1886), 1220 Allen Avenue (DB)

Craft Alliance expanding to Grand Center

Craft Alliance, whose main facility is on Delmar Boulevard in University City,
will open a satellite location in the developing Kranzberg Cultural Arts Center
in Grand Center.

The new art center, which will house a black box theater and cabaret in addition
to Craft Alliance, will be located in the former Woolworth's Building at the
corner of Grand Boulevard and Olive Street. The building's main tenant will be
Big Brothers Big Sisters.

Craft Alliance will have 5,700 square feet of space. It will feature a gallery,
education studios and studios for resident artists.

The cost of the project is expected to top $800,000; $500,000 has been raised.
(DB)

Fergie concert will be high tech

Black Eyed Peas singer Fergie is set to kick off her first solo tour, and the
Pageant is one of her stops, with a June 11 show.

The "Fergalicious" singer is touring with a twist that's being described as one
of the most innovative ever for the concert industry. Her Verizon VIP tour
incorporates wireless technology from top to bottom, beginning with tickets to
the show.

Tickets will not be sold to the concert. Fans who arrive at the Pageant flash
their picture message tickets sent to their Verizon Wireless handsets. Picture
message tickets are available by downloading V Cast Fergie content, downloading
a Fergie song on V Cast Music, attending Verizon Wireless stores events, through
radio promotions, by purchasing a Motorola handset, and more.

Green screen technology will allow fans to "dance" with Fergie in a video,
creating video messages that can be sent to their phones. One green screen
winner will join Fergie on stage during the concert's finale. Fergie will also
send fans text messages thanking them for attending. (KCJ)

Gala nets $550,000 for Opera Theatre

Opera Theatre of St. Louis' Japanese-themed spring gala, held Saturday, May 5,
did well for the company: It netted $550,000, all earmarked for professional
development and education programs.

"The combined expenses for those budget categories are in $800,000-plus range,"
said general director Charles MacKay. "They don't produce income per se. This is
our flagship fundraiser of the year, to pay for programs that are really central
to our mission." (SBM)

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO - Fergie

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                            April 21, 2004 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Key witness links Nichols to plot ;
Michael Fortier again admits he might have stopped bombing

BYLINE: Nolan Clay, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 845 words

DATELINE: McALESTER


McALESTER -- Bomber Timothy McVeigh revealed he and Terry Nichols planned to
blow up the Oklahoma City federal building, the prosecution's star witness
testified Tuesday.

Michael Fortier, 35, admitted again Tuesday that he might have stopped the
bombing had he gone to the police.

"I didn't think Tim was going to go through with it," Fortier said. "I thought
he was going to Colorado to find people more like him and that the bombing was
just not going to happen."

Fortier is the 113th witness to testify so far at Nichols' state murder trial.
He implicated Nichols in key parts of the bomb plot. He will be questioned by a
defense attorney today.

He told jurors McVeigh revealed Nichols helped buy ammonium nitrate fertilizer
at Kansas stores and helped steal explosives from a Kansas rock quarry as part
of the plot.

He said McVeigh claimed Nichols alone stole guns from an Arkansas man to finance
the plan.

Fortier said he first learned of the plot in September 1994 in a letter from
McVeigh.

"He told me that him and Terry had decided to take some type of positive action,
and he wanted to know if I wanted to help," Fortier said.

His soft-spoken testimony repeated in less detail what he said at McVeigh's
federal trial and Nichols' federal trial in Denver in 1997. Fortier said he no
longer remembers all of what McVeigh said.

He met McVeigh and Nichols in 1988 when all three joined the U.S. Army. They
were stationed together at Fort Riley, Kan. Fortier described McVeigh as a close
friend and Nichols as an acquaintance.

He said McVeigh often stayed with him in his trailer home in Kingman, Ariz., in
1993 and 1994. He said the two sometimes used crystal methamphetamine and
marijuana together.

Fortier is serving a 12-year federal sentence for not warning authorities about
the bombing, for helping McVeigh move and sell stolen guns and for lying to FBI
agents after the April 19, 1995, bombing.

He pleaded guilty in August 1995 after striking a plea agreement that required
him to testify at both the federal and state trials.

He said he refused McVeigh's demands in the weeks before the attack to help mix
the bomb. He said McVeigh complained Nichols was backing out.

"I argued with him about whether I would join him in his quest for the bombing,"
Fortier said. "He became upset ... He called me some names. And I said, 'No.'"

He said McVeigh pointed out the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building on Dec. 16,
1994, on a trip from Arizona to Kansas to pick up the guns Nichols had stolen.

He said McVeigh told him "that was the building they were planning on blowing
up." Fortier also recalled McVeigh claimed Nichols was either going to help
stash the getaway car beforehand or be in it ready to drive away.

He and Nichols never discussed the bombing. However, he said, Nichols was
present two times when McVeigh showed him explosives.

The first time, he said, McVeigh showed him a cardboard box of explosives in
October 1994 in a narrow storage shed in Kingman. He recalled Nichols "was
moving in and out of the storage unit."

"I do remember him taking a spare tire out of the unit and throwing it in the
back of his truck," Fortier said.

He testified Nichols was present again a few days later when McVeigh took
explosives from Nichols' pickup. He recalled McVeigh pulled from the pickup's
cab a milk jug of ammonium nitrate fertilizer and fuel. He said McVeigh also
showed him a sausage- like explosive at the back of the pickup.

"Tim asked me if I wanted to go out to the desert to explode these items. I
said, 'No,'" Fortier said.

He said McVeigh later revealed that Nichols robbed a man named Bob in Arkansas.
He said McVeigh related that Nichols sneaked through the woods and confronted
the man with a shotgun. He said McVeigh also described Nichols as wearing
camouflage clothes and a black ski mask.

The testimony matched in part what jurors heard earlier about the Nov. 5, 1994,
robbery from Roger E. Moore, the victim. Moore, a gun collector who lived near
Royal, Ark., sometimes went by the name Robert Miller.

The FBI found some of Moore's guns in Nichols' home in Herington, Kan., after
the bombing.

Fortier said McVeigh explained the bomb would be made of ammonium nitrate
fertilizer and fuel mixed in 55- gallon drums inside a Ryder truck.

Fortier said McVeigh targeted the Murrah Building because he believed that was
"where the orders for the burning of Waco came out of."

Fortier said McVeigh was angry after Branch Davidians died in a fire during an
FBI raid on their religious compound near Waco, Texas, on April 19, 1993.
Fortier testified McVeigh deliberately chose the second anniversary of that
tragedy for the bombing.

"He thought that was what it was going to take to get people's attention,"
Fortier said.

Fortier's appearance was different than in the federal trials. Then, he wore a
suit and tie and had short hair. Tuesday, he wore blue jeans, white sneakers and
a green-and-white plaid shirt. His hair was shoulder length. He (Fortier) and
Nichols never discussed the bombing. However, he said, Nichols was present two
times when McVeigh showed him explosives.


LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Witness Michael Fortier is led from the Pittsburg County Courthouse on
Tuesday after his first day of testimony. - BY STEVE SISNEY, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            July 11, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Mob boss suspected in '80s plot to kill top U.S. judge; FBI documents name
Montreal's Cotroni

BYLINE: Paul Cherry, CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 391  words


Montreal mob boss Frank Cotroni and high-ranking U.S. mobsters were once
investigated for an alleged plot to assassinate the top judge in America,
according to newly released FBI documents.

The investigation into the alleged plot to assassinate Chief Justice Warren
Burger began in December 1981, after an informant came forward with information
of a jailhouse plot. It ended 15 months later with no charges being laid.
Instead, the FBI dispatched agents to warn the heads of Mafia families in the
U.S. that any attempt to assassinate Burger "would be responded to with the full
force and resources of the Justice (department) and the FBI."

The documents were obtained by the Montreal Gazette through the U.S. Freedom of
Information Act.

Access to Cotroni's FBI record was requested after he died of cancer Aug. 17,
2004, at the age of 72. He was one of three brothers who controlled illegal
rackets in Montreal for decades while they operated as a branch office for the
Bonanno crime family in New York.

In April 1979, after serving four years of a 15-year sentence for cocaine
trafficking in the U.S., Cotroni was paroled and released from a federal
penitentiary in Pennsylvania.

Two years later, the informant, who apparently served time at Lewisburg with the
Montreal mobster, told FBI that Cotroni and other Mafiosi discussed killing
Burger and a New Jersey district court judge.

The earliest reference to the FBI investigation is a "priority" teletype
communique warning of the alleged plot. It was sent on Dec. 18, 1981, from an
FBI field office in Seattle, Washington, to the FBI's director and five FBI
offices in the eastern U.S.

The message concluded with a plan to advise Burger of the suspected plot and to
pursue leads "on a very discreet basis" by investigating the backgrounds of the
suspects.

The FBI documents reveal no motive for the alleged plot. But as the top U.S.
judge, Burger might have been considered a target as a means to intimidate the
American justice system.

Cotroni, described in the FBI documents as "the boss of the Montreal (La Cosa
Nostra) family and an associate of the Bonanno LCN family," is listed as a
suspect throughout the investigation. Also listed as suspects are Phil Rastelli,
the head of the Bonanno crime family in New York until he died in 1991, and
Joseph Gambino, a captain in the Gambino crime family.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                              July 9, 2010 Friday

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: NEW MEXICAN WIRE SERVICES

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A-2

LENGTH: 908 words


In brief

Federal gay marriage ban ruled unconstitutional

BOSTON -- The federal law banning gay marriage is unconstitutional because it
interferes with the right of a state to define the institution and therefore
denies married gay couples some federal benefits, a federal judge ruled Thursday
in Boston.

U.S. District Judge Joseph Tauro ruled in favor of gay couples' rights in two
separate challenges to the Defense of Marriage Act, known as DOMA, a 1996 law
that the Obama administration has argued for repealing. The rulings apply to
Massachusetts but could have broader implications if they're upheld on appeal.

The state had argued the law denied benefits such as Medicaid to gay married
couples in Massachusetts, where same-sex unions have been legal since 2004.

Tauro agreed and said the act forces Massachusetts to discriminate against its
own citizens in order to be eligible for federal funding in federal-state
partnerships.

Bomb arrests in Norway linked to N.Y terror plot

OSLO -- Three suspected al-Qaida members were arrested Thursday in a Norwegian
bomb plot linked to the same terrorist planners behind thwarted schemes to blow
up New York's subway and a British shopping mall.

The alleged Norwegian plot, underscoring changing al-Qaida tactics in the decade
since the 9/11 attacks, was said to involve powerful peroxide bombs similar to
ones aimed for detonation in New York and Manchester, England.

All three plans were organized by Saleh al-Somali, al-Qaida's former chief of
external operations, who had been in charge of plotting attacks worldwide,
Norwegian and U.S. officials believe. Al-Somali was killed in a CIA drone
airstrike last year, but officials say the three plots had already been set in
motion by the time of his death.

Thursday's arrests suggested how decentralized and nimble al-Qaida has become
since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks in the United States. The terror group has
recently focused on smaller-level attacks that don't require the intricate
planning that it took to hijack airplanes and fly them into buildings in New
York and Washington.

Last year, when the FBI and CIA thwarted the suicide attack in the New York
subway, officials called it the most dangerous plot since 9/11. And in the past
two days, revelations about the related plots in England and now in Norway have
illustrated the terror group's multi-country scope.

Mel Gibson investigated in alleged domestic violence

LOS ANGELES -- Mel Gibson is being investigated in a possible domestic violence
incident involving his ex-girlfriend earlier this year, sheriff's officials said
Thursday.

The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department listed the actor-director as a
potential suspect in the alleged attack on Russian singer Oksana Grigorieva at
an undisclosed location in Malibu.

The two have been involved in a nasty custody dispute over their infant daughter
-- the subject of a confidential court case.

Sheriff's spokesman Steve Whitmore said detectives interviewed Grigorieva on
Monday. She has been the only person interviewed so far.

Whitmore declined to disclose further details of the investigation or any
potential evidence. "We're in the process of verifying, verifying, verifying,"
Whitmore said. "All the allegations that have been put forth will be thoroughly
investigated."

Iran stoning sentence for adultery draws outrage

LONDON -- The case of an Iranian woman sentenced to death by stoning drew
international outrage after her lawyer's blog posts sparked a global campaign to
save her life, and British media reported late Thursday that the stoning would
not occur.

The Iranian Embassy in London said that Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani would no
longer face death by stoning, according to Channel 4 News and The Guardian
newspaper. A message seeking comment from the embassy was not immediately
returned, and it was not immediately clear if Ashtiani still faced death by
other means.

"According to information from the relevant judicial authorities in Iran, she
will not be executed by stoning punishment," the embassy said in the statement
reported by Channel 4 News and The Guardian.

Ashtiani's face, framed in a black chador, stared from the front page of The
Times of London on Thursday, while The Guardian carried an interview with
Ashtiani's children -- 22-year-old Sajad and 17-year-old Farideh -- who
described the sentence as a nightmare. Protests are planned in front of the
Iranian Embassy over the weekend.

Egypt discovers tombs dating back 4,300 years

SAQQARA, Egypt -- Egyptian archaeologists on Thursday unveiled a newly-unearthed
double tomb with vivid wall paintings in the ancient necropolis of Saqqara near
Cairo, saying it could be the start for uncovering a vast cemetery in the area.

The tomb includes two false doors with colorful paintings depicting the two
people buried there, a father and a son who served as heads of the royal
scribes, said Abdel-Hakim Karar, a top archaeologist at Saqqara.

"The colors of the false door are fresh as if it was painted yesterday," Karar
told reporters.

Humidity had destroyed the sarcophagus of the father, Shendwas, while the tomb
of the son, Khonsu, was robbed in antiquity, he said.

Also insribed on the father's false door was the name of Pepi II, whose 90-year
reign is believed to be the longest of the pharaohs. The inscription dates the
double tomb to the 6th dynasty, which marked the beginning of the decline of the
Old Kingdom, also known as the age of pyramids.

New Mexican wire services

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 The Santa Fe New Mexican
                              All Rights Reserved


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            March 27, 2010 Saturday

Home Front

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 342 words


Stake out a plot

Bloomington Parks and Recreation will open registration Wednesday for the
Community Gardens for Bloomington residents. Proof of residency will be required
(such as a driver's license or tax bill). Non-resident registration will begin
Thursday. The garden plots are on the southwest corner of Hershey and Ireland
Grove roads, with eight plots 12 by 30 feet for $15 each and 38 plots 25 by 30
feet for $30 each. The plots will be plowed prior to opening. Renters are
responsible for any additional soil preparation. Water is available at the site.
For more information call (309) 434-2260

.

Ward off spiders

Q: Is there any way to discourage spiders from building webs in places like
corners?

A: Ohio State University entomologist Susan C. Jones recommends destroying the
webs as soon as they're built. Often the spiders will move elsewhere if their
webs are destroyed continually. You can remove the webs with a duster, vacuum
cleaner or broom. Outdoors, you can discourage web-building by making an effort
to avoid attracting the insects that spiders feed on, Jones said. Use yellow bug
lights, or avoid outdoor lighting as much as possible.

- Mary Beth Breckenridge, Akron Beacon Journal

DVDs not universal

Q: I got a DVD in Italy. It won't work now that we're home. What can we do to be
able to view the DVD?

A: The problem is the formatting. In Europe, DVDs use the PAL format, while in
the United States it's NTSC. The respective DVD players don't recognize the
other's discs. There are two things you can do, said Jessica Mattson of Token
Media in Minneapolis.

- Computers don't care about the format. You can play the DVD on your computer
to view the video.

- The DVD can be transferred to NTSC format and then played on your DVD player.
The cost is about $40 for a one-hour DVD or $55 for two hours.

- Karen Youso, Star Tribune (Minneapolis)

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Pantagraph


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 18, 1993, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Sudanese Deny Any Tie To Bomb Plot

BYLINE: By FRANK J. PRIAL,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 2; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 477 words

DATELINE: UNITED NATIONS, Aug. 17


The Sudanese Mission to the United Nations today denied any role in a plot to
bomb the U.N. headquarters and other targets in New York last June.

The denial came after a State Department official said Monday that the United
States has evidence that the Sudan played a role in the plot, although he would
not give details. The evidence is one reason Washington has decided to place the
Sudan on a list of terrorist nations, he said. A law-enforcement official,
though, today said there was no "hard evidence" of Sudanese government
involvement, just possible indications of involvement on tapes made by a
Government informer.

A report Monday on ABC News linked two Sudanese diplomats here to the bomb plot
and said the mission was under F.B.I. surveillance.

In a statement, the Sudanese Mission said it "categorically refutes as baseless
any allegation or suggestion relating to the involvement of the mission or its
staff in the so-called New York bombing plot."

Federal and city law-enforcement officials arrested eight men in the
metropolitan area in June and charged them in the bombing plot. Five of them,
including Siddig Ibrahim Siddig Ali, who was described by Federal authorities as
the ringleader, were born in the Sudan but had permanent resident status here.

'Outrageous and Malicious'

In taped conversations with a Government informant, Mr. Siddig Ali spoke of
contacts in the Sudanese Government and discussed using a van from the Sudanese
mission to carry a bomb into the U.N. headquarters.

ABC News identified the two Sudanese as Siraj Yousif, counselor to the mission,
and Ahmed Mohammed, the third secretary. Both are Sudanese intelligence officers
posing as diplomats, ABC said.

Reached at the mission, Mr. Yousif characterized the ABC report about him as
"outrageous and malicious," and criticized the television news team for using
only 50 seconds of the 20-minute interview he gave.

They reached "ridiculous conclusions," he said, and "they managed to block out
completely the Sudanese point of view.

"There is not a scintilla of evidence connecting me or the Sudanese Government
to the bomb plot," he said. Mr. Yousif scoffed at reports that he was an
intelligence officer.

Filmed Scene Is Disputed

Television footage of what ABC News called "terrorist training camps" in the
Sudan, he said, were actually "popular defense camps" where young Sudanese men
took their military training. "It is not the army but paramilitary or civil
defense forces," he said. "It is not secret; it is open. ABC people did not
discover anything."

In its statement, the mission said that the Sudan "strongly condemns as criminal
and unjustifiable all acts, methods and practices of terrorism" and said that
the news reports were meant to "smear the image of the Sudan at the expense of
fairness, justice and objectivity."

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday

UK PATENT OFFICE PUBLISHED PATENT OF GE AVIATION SYSTEMS LLC , TITLED AS "Pitch
control assembly and propeller assembly and method of adjusting pitch "

LENGTH: 486 words

DATELINE: New York



 London Publication No. GB2541521   was published on February 22 by UK PATENT
OFFICE.

 Title of the invention:  Pitch control assembly and propeller assembly and
method of adjusting pitch


  Applicant / Proprietor GE AVIATION SYSTEMS LLC

  Incorporated in USA - Delaware

  3290 Patterson Avenue SE

  Grand Rapids

  Michigan 49512-1991

  United States of America

  [ADP Number 09728783001]



  Inventors DAVID RAJU YAMARTHI, JOHN F. WELCH TECHNOLOGY CENTER PVT. LTD

  Plot 122, EPIP, Phase II

  Hoodi Village, Whitefield Road

  Bangalore

  560066

  India

  [ADP Number 11751344001]



  RAJENDRA VISHWANATH PAWAR, JOHN F. WELCH TECHNOLOGY CENTER PVT. LTD

  Plot 122, EPIP, Phase II

  Hoodi Village, Whitefield Road

  Bangalore

  560066

  India

  [ADP Number 11751369001]



  AMIT ARVIND KURVINKOP, JOHN F. WELCH TECHNOLOGY CENTER PVT. LTD

  Plot 122, EPIP, Phase II

  Hoodi Village, Whitefield Road

  Bangalore

  560066

  India

  [ADP Number 11751302001]



  SANDEEP KUMAR, JOHN F. WELCH TECHNOLOGY CENTER PVT. LTD

  Plot 122, EPIP, Phase II

  Hoodi Village, Whitefield Road

  Bangalore

  560066

  India

  [ADP Number 11751310001]



  MURUGESAN PERIASAMY, JOHN F. WELCH TECHNOLOGY CENTER PVT. LTD

  Plot 122, EPIP, Phase II

  Hoodi Village, Whitefield Road

  Bangalore

  560066

  India

  [ADP Number 11751328001]



  RAVINDRA SHANKAR GANIGER, JOHN F. WELCH TECHNOLOGY CENTER PVT. LTD

  Plot 122, EPIP, Phase II

  Hoodi Village, Whitefield Road

  Bangalore

  560066

  India

  [ADP Number 11751336001]



  BAJARANG AGRAWAL, JOHN F. WELCH TECHNOLOGY CENTER PVT. LTD

  Plot 122, EPIP, Phase II

  Hoodi Village, Whitefield Road

  Bangalore

  560066

  India

  [ADP Number 11751286001]



  G NAGASHIRESHA, JOHN F. WELCH TECHNOLOGY CENTER PVT. LTD

  Plot 122, EPIP, Phase II

  Hoodi Village, Whitefield Road

  Bangalore

  560066

  India

  [ADP Number 11751294001]

 According to the abstract published by the UK Intellectual Property Office on
its website " Propeller blade pitch altering assembly10 having a spider hub 12
comprising a hub 14 and a set of arms 16 circumferentially about the hub and
projecting radially from the hub 14, wherein the set of arms 16 receive a set of
blades 20 such that a blade root 22 is rotationally mountable into an arm 16
included in the set of arms 16. A crosshead 42, located within the hub is
axially moveable relative to the hub and attaches to a torque tube 44 via a
motion converter 46. The torque tube connects at a first end to the blade root
22. When the crosshead is moved axially, the motion converter, preferably
comprising a needle bearing located in a channel, converts the axial motion to a
rotational one, rotating the torque tube and altering the pitch of the
propeller"

 The patent was filed on  06 July 2016  under Application No.  GB1611757.4

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 19, 1993, Monday, FINAL EDITION

L.A. church stands tall // Hate-crime plot fails to intimidate congregation

BYLINE: Sally Ann Stewart

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 463 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Every Sunday at First African Methodist Episcopal Church, the pews are crowded,
the choir is rocking and the prayers are heartfelt.

But Sunday - in the wake of last week's foiled bombing and massacre plot by
white supremacists - worship services at the oldest black church in the nation's
second-largest city took on a special aura.

"You can feel the excitement in the people," said Yvonne Wallace, 27, a
teacher's aide who sat in the packed balcony during the 8 a.m. service. "We had
the shock of finding out that someone was trying to kill a whole congregation .
. . but we're still here, so we're joyous."

Last week, federal and state officials arrested eight white supremacists, saying
they planned to bomb the church to start a race war.

Christopher David Fisher, 20, manager of a Long Beach sandwich shop, has been
charged with leading the plot, which called for killing well-known blacks,
including Rodney King and First AME Senior Minister Cecil Murray.

One of the accused - whose name is not public because he's under 18 - is
scheduled to be arraigned today in Long Beach.

Members of the Fourth Reich Skinheads say they were entrapped by overzealous FBI
agents who infiltrated the group and secretly videotaped skinheads airing their
opinions about race.

Sunday, even before the sky-blue-robed choir walked in, church members were on
their feet, clapping and cheering. Everyone seemed to sing the refrain of the
hymn - Study war no more - a bit louder than usual. More than the usual 2,500
showed up for each of the three services.

Security was stepped up.

State Treasurer Kathleen Brown was there for the first service. Mayor Richard
Riordan and District Attorney Gil Garcetti - who grew up in the neighborhood -
attended the 10 a.m. service.

"Today is one of those days we say thanks that we are here," Brown told
worshipers. "We must stand against racism, stand against hatred, stand against
violence . . . We shall overcome."

Church members - who have a history of social activism - already were thinking
that way, said Charles Hedges, 69, a retired New York City social services
worker, who attends First AME when here.

"People here refuse to be intimidated," Hedges said.

Choir member Deberah Cousin, 45, said she sang with extra feeling: "We've had a
blessing. Things could have come out a lot differently."

As the congregation clapped, Murray pointed to a banner, using the Hebrew word
for peace: "In spite of all . . . God's Shalom."

"Hate groups cannot succeed unless love groups give permission," Murray said.
"You and I are a love group."

That's the way church members always have felt, said Terrell Harris, who was in
charge of security Sunday.

"We'll carry on like always. It's going to be hard to forget, but we'll carry
on."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EAR PHOTO, color, Gamma-Liaison; PHOTOS, b/w, Bob Riha Jr.,
Gamma-Liaison (3)

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                January 31, 2001 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

CLERK'S TIP FOILS COLLEGE BOMB PLOT 14,000 DE ANZA COLLEGE STUDENTS ARE
EVACUATED HOURS BEFORE A STUDENT WAS ALLEGEDLY PREPARED TO CARRY OUT A PLOT THAT
POLICE CALL 'AN ELABORATE PLAN FOR MASS MURDER.' BOMBS, GUNS AND SUICIDE TAPE
FOUND, POLICE SAY

BYLINE: RODNEY FOO AND DANIEL VASQUEZ, Mercury News

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1657 words


A De Anza College student who San Jose police said spent two years carefully
scripting a mass killing on the Cupertino campus was arrested just hours before
he allegedly planned to carry out his plot Tuesday, thanks to a tip from an
alert drugstore photo lab clerk.

Inside the modest North San Jose home of Al Joseph DeGuzman, 19, police found an
arsenal of pipe bombs, explosives using timers, booby-trap devices, rifles and
sawed-off shotguns, a sketch of the campus and a timeline for an attack that was
supposed to hit the college at 12:30 p.m. Tuesday.

Police say the campus was evacuated about 9 a.m. after they spent hours sorting
through evidence obtained through a search warrant based on the photos first
spotted by the store clerk and determined that De Anza was the target.

Police found what they described as an apologetic audio tape that apparently was
meant to be played after the intended massacre and a journal with passages that
expressed sympathy for the two Columbine High School students who shot and
killed 13 others before killing themselves in Littleton, Colo., in 1999.

"This was an elaborate plan for mass murder," said San Jose police Deputy Chief
Michael Miceli.

While police began to piece the plot together Tuesday, all De Anza classes were
canceled and 14,000 students were evacuated as bomb squads combed the 65
buildings and 112 acres in a fruitless search for any munitions that might have
been planted there.

According to police, that master plan was apparently under way and thwarted just
hours before DeGuzman could get started. His nemesis turned out to be a stranger
-- a Longs drugstore photo clerk, whose father is a police officer.

"She saw photos of guns, pipe bombs and a guy holding a gun," said Rubens
Dalaison, San Jose police spokesman.

'Call 911'

The woman immediately called her father, who was off duty. After hearing a quick
description, the officer told his daughter, "Hang up the phone and call 911
now!"

The emergency call came in at 6:02 p.m., and within minutes a police dispatcher
had gotten the information from the clerk, including DeGuzman's name taken from
a roll of film, and sent a patrol officer who was already near the Longs store
on Berryessa Road.

Meanwhile, the clerk who had just gotten off the phone with police looked up
from her counter and saw DeGuzman in line to retrieve his photos.

"She knew what to do, she began asking questions," said Dalaison. The stall
worked and the clerk pointed out DeGuzman just as the first officer walked into
the store.

DeGuzman walked away from the line and tried to get lost in the store but was
caught quickly, said police.

When confronted with the photographs, Dalaison said, DeGuzman admitted they were
his and the arsenal was toys. "It's just sugar in them," he told police.

The explanation didn't fly.

DeGuzman would not talk to police and would not allow them to search the home he
shared with his parents, authorities said.

Police detained DeGuzman and obtained a search warrant at 11 p.m. Mondayfor the
student's Flickinger Avenue home. His family did not know about their son's
bomb-making, police said.

Fifteen minutes later officers were knocking on the doors of neighbors on
Flickinger Avenue and evacuating people to a nearby school.

Officers did not immediately go into the Independence High School graduate's
room, fearing that bombs might be rigged to go off.

It was about 2:30 a.m. when they finally got inside and found the bombs: some
already stashed in a satchel, timing devices, two rifles, and two sawed-off
shotguns with pistol grips.

DeGuzman was booked into the Santa Clara County Jail on suspicion of the
manufacture or possession of a disguised weapon, possession of a destructive
device, intent to make a destructive device without a permit, and possession or
manufacture of an explosive device.

The guns were purchased legally in San Jose at a firearms store and a sporting
goods store. Police believe the suspect modified the shotguns himself.

The bombs were sophisticated -- some had mercury switches, some could be
triggered with a remote device -- but their components could be purchased easily
at stores.

The blueprints for the bombs were culled off the Internet, said Sgt. Mike
Fernandez of the San Jose police bomb squad.

The array of bombs was "mind-boggling," Miceli said. "You wouldn't think one
person would have all these bombs and all this destruction in one room."

Already faced with a home-made bomb-designer and manufacturer, it was just after
4:30 a.m. when police finally realized what they were up against: a bomber who
was prepared.

As much as the explosives and guns, DeGuzman's writings and tape recording he
left for posterity were equally disturbing. Fernandez said he believed DeGuzman
intended to end his life after the alleged attack or during it.

"The tape recording we found was just bone-chilling," Miceli said. "In my 30
years of law enforcement, I can't describe it any other way."

The clerk who saw the pictures was praised for her bravery by police chief Bill
Lansdowne and San Jose Mayor Ron Gonzales.

DeGuzman's decision to take pictures of himself and also leave a tape recording
follows a familiar pattern, Fernandez said.

"It's not uncommon, bombers do stuff like this," Fernandez said. "They want that
final glory or something for memory, for the press, for the public."

DeGuzman's journal indicated he'd been building up to the attack for two years.
Late Tuesday, investigators found Web sites, reportedly belonging to DeGuzman,
that expressed anger at the school.

His writings expressed sympathy for the gun-wielding students who fatally shot
12 students and a teacher before killing themselves at Columbine High School in
Littleton, Colo. Some of the bombs found at DeGuzman's home also had
similarities to those at Columbine, said Fernandez, who would not go into
detail.

On the pages were carefully plotted plans that gave instructions and a timeline
for the attack on the cafeteria at 12:30 p.m. when it would have been full of
students.

"If you know the cafeteria out there at 12, 12:30 p.m., it would have been a lot
of people who would have been killed," Miceli said.

DeGuzman's parents never went into his bedroom, said Fernandez. "He was an adult
and they gave him his privacy."

Police are concerned that the plans refer to "we" and also refers to snipers. An
ongoing investigation is trying to determine if others were also in on the
alleged scheme or helped DeGuzman, although police believe he probably acted
alone.

The plans gave instructions for DeGuzman to leave the house at 4:30 a.m. and
head for the suburban college where he would plant bombs at various locations.

Sgt. Doug Rogers, a spokesman for the Santa Clara County Sheriff's Department,
said school officials were not notified until 9 a.m. because it took authorities
all night to sift through DeGuzman's arsenal and determine that he planned to
target the campus that day.

"It's an act of rage, it's irrational," De Anza College President Martha Kanter
said. "All you can do is be rational in response."

Faced with evacuating the equivalent of a small city, college officials
immediately triggered a plan intended mainly for earthquakes and other natural
calamities. They evacuated 14,000 people in 40 minutes by putting out universal
voice messages on the campus phone network and sending deans to interrupt
classes. Some students were ushered so quickly off the campus that they could
not retrieve their cars and milled about at nearby cafes for hours.

Jim McCarthy, dean of library services, instructed about 2,000 students to leave
the library.

"I was shocked how quickly they got out," McCarthy said. "Usually, they joke
around and think it's a drill. But there was something in the tone of our voices
that told them it was serious."

By 7 p.m., Kanter said, the search was concluded and nothing was found. "They've
gone through the school and we're safe."

Soon after the bombs were found, police called in the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco
and Firearms, and the FBI.

The campus, which is usually open from 5:30 a.m. to 11 p.m., was closed for all
events, including a 7:30 p.m. appearance at the Flint Center by Queen Noor of
Jordan -- the late King Hussein's wife.

Cardboard signs were posted around the perimeter of the school reading "Campus
closed: open tomorrow." The campus was scheduled to reopen at 5:30 a.m. today.

Reaction of students

That the campus would be the target of a bombing attack was stunning to some
students.

"I'm shocked because I never thought it would happen right here at De Anza,"
said Fred Turpeo, 33, who was headed to a computer lab. "I always hear it on the
news happening somewhere else."

Student Bruce Bravo, added, "You figure you only have to worry about this stuff
in Third World countries. But it's a new millennium. People get shot in class."

Beth Grobman Burruss, chairwoman of De Anza's journalism department, said she
was startled by the threat.

"In my mass communications class, we talk about the Columbine incident and talk
about whether it could ever happen at De Anza." she said. "My students generally
say they don't think so because there's such a different attitude at high school
than at college. And my students think Columbine happened because all of the
high school pressures and cliques."

Gonzales, who canceled his own press conference about downtown development to
meet with police and reporters Tuesday, expressed concern about the intended
attack but relief about the young woman's act in helping capture the suspect.

Given the intricate plans and the arsenal DeGuzman was allegedly able to
covertly prepare, police and other authorities were quick to thank the woman who
stopped everything with a phone call.

"We have to say this was a gift," said Dalaison, "and the gift came from this
woman who probably saved lives."

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: De Anza College Bomb Plot
See related stories: pages 1A and 17A
The Plot
Staff writers Michelle Guido, Becky Bartindale, Kate Folmar, Larry Slonaker and
Tracey Kaplan contributed to this report.

GRAPHIC: Photos (3), Map, Diagram;
DIAGRAM: MERCURY NEWS
CHAIN OF EVENTS THAT LED TO ARREST
Map and timeline below trace events that led to the arrest of Al DeGuzman and
the evacuation of De Anza College:
MONDAY
About 6 p.m.: 18-year-old clerk at Longs drugstore calls her father, a police
officer who is off duty, about photos of guns and bombs.
6:02 p.m.: Clerk calls 911.
6:07 p.m.: Police dispatcher starts entering information into police computer.
About this time Al DeGuzman walks into store and gets in photo line. Clerk knows
police are on the way and stalls DeGuzman with questions.
6:10 p.m.: Officer arrives at store and clerk points out DeGuzman.
DeGuzman says the photos are his but guns and bombs are toys.
11 p.m.: Police obtain search warrant.
11:15 p.m.: Police start evacuating neighborhood around Flickinger Avenue home.
......................................................................
TUESDAY
2:30 a.m.: Police enter DeGuzman's room.
About 4:30 a.m.: Police discover detailed sketches and tape of a confession.
9 a.m.: Police start evacuating De Anza College in Cupertino.
7 p.m.: Search ends at De Anza College.
Source: San Jose Police
MAP: CARL NEIBURGER, T. TSO - MERCURY NEWS
De Anza College campus
Source: De Anza College
PHOTO: KAREN T. BORCHERS -- MERCURY NEWS
Tran Do, left, and Thanh Nguyen, students at De Anza College, are escorted to
their cars by Sgt. Ruben Chavez after the campus was ordered evacuated Tuesday
morning.
PHOTO: RICK E. MARTIN -- MERCURY NEWS
Police vehicles were brought onto the De Anza College campus in Cupertino on
Tuesday as officers searched for bombs.
PHOTO: KAREN T. BORCHERS -- MERCURY NEWS
Law enforcement officers searching for bombs on the De Anza College campus in
Cupertino gather near the international student office Tuesday. Their search was
fruitless.

                     Copyright 2001 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            February 20, 2017 Monday

ARE YOU READY FOR OSCAR? START WITH TOP PIC PICKS;
Still working your way through the Academy Awards best-picture nominees? USA
TODAY's Brian Truitt watched them all to help you prioritize. The Oscars are
Sunday (ABC, 7 p.m. ET/4 PT).;
AWARDS SEASON

SECTION: ; Pg. Z7

LENGTH: 567 words


HOPPER STONE, SMPSP Katherine Johnson (Taraji P. Henson) aimed high.

Ashton Sanders is Chiron, a boy who comes to age.

Mia (Emma Stone) and Seb (Ryan Gosling) sing and dance their way to true love.

Denzel Washington and Viola Davis.

LA LA LAND

eeee

PLOT: An aspiring actress (Emma Stone) and a jazz pianist (Ryan Gosling) fall in
love while trying to make their dreams come true. DIRECTOR: Damien Chazelle
RATING: PG-13 UPSIDE: The movie revisits the Hollywood musical in joyous and
dazzling fashion. DOWNSIDE: Not for grinches who don't like good tunes and
Broadway-style show-stoppers.

ARRIVAL

eeee

PLOT: A linguistics expert (Amy Adams) is tasked with deciphering messages from
alien visitors. DIRECTOR: Denis Villeneuve RATING: PG-13 UPSIDE: It's a
supremely crafted, well-acted and thought-provoking exploration of humanity.
DOWNSIDE: Most every other recent sci-fi movie looks pedestrian in comparison.

FENCES

eeeg

PLOT: A Pittsburgh garbage man (Denzel Washington) finds success at work but
increasing tension at home. DIRECTOR: Denzel Washington RATING: PG-13 UPSIDE:
Washington and co-star Viola Davis give powerhouse, award-ready performances.
DOWNSIDE: It's more filmed play than movie, so it doesn't feel cinematic in
scope.

HACKSAW RIDGE

eeeE

PLOT: A devout young man (Andrew Garfield) enlists in the Army during World War
II yet won't touch a gun. DIRECTOR: Mel Gibson RATING: R UPSIDE: Gibson's latest
is a brutally intense and elegantly crafted war drama. DOWNSIDE: The film
wrestles with overt preachiness and military-movie clichés.

HELL OR HIGH WATER

eeeE

PLOT: Two West Texas brothers (Ben Foster, Chris Pine) brazenly rob the branches
of a bank foreclosing on their family's land. DIRECTOR: David Mackenzie RATING:
R UPSIDE: An excellent Jeff Bridges is in his element as a Texas Ranger pursuing
the crooks. DOWNSIDE: The Western noir could be a little more subtle in its
exploration of modern economic decline.

HIDDEN FIGURES

eeeg

PLOT: Three mathematicians (Taraji P. Henson, Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monáe)
overcome racial and gender inequality to help America in the space race.
DIRECTOR: Theodore Melfi RATING: PG UPSIDE: The film has a strong cast as well
as heady themes of civil rights. DOWNSIDE: The space drama sometimes takes the
focus off the three stars' magnetic chemistry.

LION

eeeg

PLOT: Two decades after being separated from his family, a young Australian man
(Dev Patel) plots a path back home to India. DIRECTOR: Garth Davis RATING: PG-13
UPSIDE: Patel and newcomer Sunny Pawar give strong performances as older and
younger versions of Saroo Brierley. DOWNSIDE: The ending couldn't be more
emotionally manipulative, though it's forgivable.

MANCHESTER BY THE SEA

eeee

PLOT: A handyman (Casey Affleck) is forced to confront a past tragedy when he's
named sole guardian of his nephew (Lucas Hedges). DIRECTOR: Kenneth Lonergan
RATING: R UPSIDE: Affleck and Hedges are tops among an all-around extraordinary
cast. DOWNSIDE: Parents will find one scene hard to watch because of the subject
matter.

MOONLIGHT

eeee

PLOT: A three-act character study that follows the life of a gay black man from
struggling child to intimidating adult. DIRECTOR: Barry Jenkins RATING: R
UPSIDE: The drama is supremely well-acted and beautifully captures the intimate
evolution of its main character. DOWNSIDE: The middle act, while very good,
doesn't rise to the exceptional levels of the film's beginning and end.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              June 24, 2013 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

To get trust, give details

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 503 words


President Barack Obama and security officials defending the government's secret
spying programs are inching toward credibility. Sometimes, it comes in bizarre
ways. For example, German Chancellor Angela Merkel last week filled in details
that President Obama had left sketchy.

The administration, though, still needs to provide clear examples of the
programs' successes and prove that oversight is adequately protecting Americans'
civil liberties. Gen. Keith Alexander, director of the National Security Agency,
told Congress last Tuesday that sifting through phone records and Internet data
had foiled 50 terrorist plots at home and abroad since Sept. 11, 2001. But he
and other security officials provided scant details to show that the plots had a
realistic chance of success or that data mining of phone records and Internet
contacts were essential to uncovering the plots.

In one example, an FBI official said Internet contact between an extremist in
Yemen and a man in Kansas City thwarted a plot to bomb the New York Stock
Exchange. In the actual case, the man pleaded guilty in 2010 to money
laundering, bank fraud and providing support to a terrorist organization. But he
was not charged with attempting to blow up the NYSE.

Members of Congress did not press for details. The next day, President Obama, in
Europe for the G-8 summit, repeated the claim of 50 plots foiled but was
similarly vague. Chancellor Merkel then revealed that in 2010 Germany had used
the information to convict four Islamic militants of plotting strikes against
U.S. targets in her country. That sounds like a solid success.

Still, there is good reason to wonder if the Obama administration is hyping the
surveillance programs leaked by Edward Snowden. Skeptics will recall the
"Liberty City Seven," arrested in 2006 and portrayed as members of a Miami-based
terrorist cell intent on blowing up the Sears Tower in Chicago. Although several
eventually were convicted of terrorism-related offenses, the trials showed they
were egged on by undercover agents and would not have been capable of
sophisticated attacks.

How many of the "50 terror plots" were like that?

Of course, security officials claim that most details have to remain secret.
It's bad enough, in their view, that Mr. Snowden alerted terrorists that their
communications could be detected. Every additional nugget of information
potentially helps terrorists avoid capture.

Americans could be more trusting that the sweeping surveillance programs are
effective and necessary had Congress shown diligent oversight. Instead, members
of Congress skipped briefings. Few raised concerns. Some who did allege that
security officials lied to them. Meanwhile, the required judicial oversight
appears just as flimsy, with reports that judges serving on the secret Foreign
Intelligence Surveillance Court rejected only 11 of 39,000 requests for
surveillance.

Trust is eroded when Americans get more details from Germany's leader than from
our own.

Jac Wilder VerSteeg for The Post Editorial Board

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           January 9, 2013 Wednesday

Eat Near: Garden plots

BYLINE: COOPER LEVEY-BAKER , Correspondent

SECTION: E; ARCHIVES; Pg. E18

LENGTH: 592 words


There are many reasons why Bruce Fehr enjoys working the land at North
Sarasota's Bayou Oaks Community Garden. The cheap fresh produce eight months out
of the year. The confidence in knowing exactly what you're putting in your body.
The relationships with knowledgeable gardeners growing veggies in neighboring
plots.

But, at times, it's so much simpler than all that: "It's just nice seeing stuff
grow."

Fehr is a volunteer, and he donates his time managing Bayou Oaks' 18 different
plots, while also tending to his own fruit and vegetables. The Bayou Oaks land
is one of six community gardens currently up and running, with another two (the
65-plot Culverhouse Community Garden and the Bee Ridge Community Garden)
scheduled to open soon. Culverhouse will start this spring, while Bee Ridge is
slated to debut in the summer or fall.

Stacy Spriggs, the community and school gardens coordinator for Sarasota
County's University of Florida/IFAS extension office, says there is an "amazing
amount of interest in gardening in Sarasota," and that passion is what's driving
the community garden program's success and expansion. Both the Culverhouse and
Bee Ridge gardens emerged from "internal interest" within nearby neighborhoods,
she says. Her job is to simply help realize those green thumbers' dreams.

Local interest must run high: Spriggs' position, created just last year, is the
only one of its kind in the entire state of Florida. Countywide, there are
around 200 garden plots total.

At Bayou Oaks, the waiting list to snag a plot is up to around 12 months these
days, and Fehr says only one or two plots turn over in a typical year. Those
interested in using the available land must pay a $30 deposit and an annual fee
of $30, and that's pretty much it. The rest is up to the gardener -- although
Fehr jokes that pretty much everybody at the garden will offer you some advice,
whether you want it or not.

Fehr has been gardening his entire life ("I don't remember not gardening"), and
moving from northern Wisconsin to Sarasota 16 years ago was an easy change. He
says getting stuff to sprout here is no sweat. "There are just no big problems
here," he says.

Different plot tenants use different methods, so while not everything that comes
from Bayou Oaks is 100 percent organic, it certainly could be. "Very few
pesticides or herbicides are used here," he says.

Fehr's personal bounty is overflowing this time of year. He doesn't can or
freeze anything, so he ends up giving away a good chunk of his food. About the
only vegetables he buys at the supermarket are salad greens in the lean months.
Other tenants donate their surplus goods to friends or neighbors, and some of it
even ends up at Carr's Corner Cafe, just a few blocks west. "There are so many
people around here who will take it," Fehr says.

Community gardens aren't just about healthy eating, according to Spriggs. They
help revitalize neighborhoods, forge social bonds and encourage physical
exercise. But, like Fehr says, sometimes, in the middle of our sprawl-clogged
suburbia, it's just nice to see plants thriving. I can get on board with that.

Interested in learning more about, or even participating in, the University of
Florida Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences' community garden program?
Visit sarasota.ifas.ufl.edu.

This is the 16th entry in Eat Near, a regular column dedicated to all the lovely
food that folks on the Suncoast grow, raise, kill or craft. If you have an idea
for someone/thing to feature, email me at eatnearsrq@gmail.com or hit me up on
Twitter: @LeveyBaker.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bruce Fehr waters his raised plot of produce at Bayou Oaks Community
Garden. HERALD-TRIBUNE ARCHIVE / 2008 / E. SKYLAR LITHERLAND

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                          September 9, 2000, Saturday

RESIDENTS RUSH TO BUY CEMETERY PLOTS; THEY ARE TRYING TO AVOID A PRICE INCREASE
THAT MAY DOUBLE RATES.

BYLINE: AMBER SMITH The Ledger

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 322 words


This article is repeated in another section in some editions.

HAINES CITY -- Residents have been swarming to City Hall to purchase cemetery
plots before city commissioners more than double the prices.

City commissioners have agreed to raise the prices of cemetery plots at the two
city-owned cemeteries, Forest Hill and Oakland. Costs will rise from $ 150 per
plot to $ 360 for residents, while nonresidents will see prices rise from $ 300
to $ 720 per plot.

"We sold 95 plots in all of last year and I've sold 53 plots in the past two
weeks," said City Clerk Cherry Dowdy. "Everyone seems to want to get their lots
before the prices go up. I've probably had 25 calls in the past week asking when
the rates are going up."

Commissioners have not yet set the date when the prices will rise. Dowdy said
she thought the issue might be on the agenda for the Sept. 21 commission
meeting.

"I don't know if the commissioners will want the new prices to take effect
immediately or if they will wait until Oct. 1," Dowdy said.

In Haines City, residents are actually given the deed to their cemetery plot.
The city mows and trims weeds.

Dowdy said people can either pick out their own plots or the city can pick them
out for them.

"Most people like to pick out their own spots," she said. "They come in and make
an appointment to go out and look at the lots and then after they pay for them,
I make out a deed and send it off to Bartow to be recorded."

Dowdy said residents can also buy plots in bulk by buying a lot.

A lot actually has room for eight plots. Anyone buying a lot is charged per plot
.

"I had one family that bought 11 plots and then decided to go ahead and buy
three more. That's probably the most I have sold at one time," she said.

Dowdy said she doesn't expect the rush on the plots to slow down any time soon.

"I was joking that I need to go out and pick out my plot, too," Dowdy said.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2000 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 11, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION

WEEKEND PREVIEW

BYLINE: Eddie Timanus

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 13C

LENGTH: 1775 words


Times p.m. Eastern

No. 1 Ohio State (1-0) vs. Toledo (1-0)

-- Time: 12:30. Line: OSU by 37. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: After passing road test, Buckeyes at home vs.
in-state opponent.

-- Plots and subplots: QB Joe Germaine used all his weapons as
OSU's offense amassed 549 yards at West Virginia. Ohio State's
depth will take over this game, but Rockets could keep it close
early. Toledo RB Wasean Tait, who set Mid-American Conference
rushing record in 1995, is back after devastating knee injury
kept him out almost two seasons. He joins Dwayne Harris, who ran
for 1,278 yards last year.


No. 2 Florida State (1-0) at N.C. State (1-0)

-- Time/TV: 3:30/ABC. Line: FSU by 25. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: Seminoles look to maintain their Atlantic Coast
Conference stranglehold and remain in national title picture.
Wolfpack try for historic upset.

-- Plots and subplots: Remember Torry Holt? FSU coach Bobby Bowden
certainly does. The Wolfpack flanker had five TD receptions in
last year's meeting, and FSU showed vulnerability in its pass
defense in win vs. Texas A&M. Wolfpack need better performance
from defense that allowed 361 rushing yards to Ohio.

No. 3 Nebraska (2-0) at California (1-0)

-- Time/TV: 7/Fox Sports Net. Line: Nebraska by 23. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: Cornhuskers face first of two Pac-10 challengers.
Key Top-10 clash with Washington looms in two weeks in Lincoln.

-- Plots and subplots: Though Nebraska's rushing average is down
by more than 100 yards a game from last season's lofty 398, nobody
is panicking; Huskers' passing numbers are up to 192 yards a game.
California QB Justin Vedder and WR Dameane Douglas could have
success against Nebraska's secondary.

No. 4 Florida (1-0) vs. Northeast Louisiana (1-0)

-- Time: 6. Line: Florida by 44. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: Gators get one more tuneup before showdown with
Tennessee in Knoxville.

-- Plots and subplots: Gators QB Jesse Palmer and his talented
but youthful receiving corps should benefit from second outing.
Doug Johnson (shoulder surgery) could see his first action of
season at QB. Northeast Louisiana QB Andre Vige is NCAA's No.
2-rated passer after first career start vs. Nicholls State.

No. 5 Kansas State (1-0) vs. Northern Illinois (0-1)

-- Time: 12:30. Line: K-State by 49. Turf: Artificial.

-- The stakes: Wildcats put another easy "W" in the books before
Texas comes to Manhattan.

-- Plots and subplots: K-State coach Bill Snyder again should
have opportunity to utilize his roster. Michael Bishop now holds
QB rushing record at KSU with 591 career yards. Northern Illinois'
19-game losing streak isn't likely to end. QB Frisman Jackson
and WR Justin McCareins hooked up for three TDs in Huskies' loss
to Western Michigan.

No. 6 UCLA (0-0) vs. No. 22 Texas (1-0)

-- Time/TV: 3:30/ABC. Line: UCLA by 10. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: Longhorns try to erase memories of last year's
catastrophic "Rout 66" game (66-3 loss) against Bruins.

-- Plots and subplots: RB Ricky Williams, with 215-yard outing
under his belt, paces Texas offense as it tries to keep up with
UCLA QB Cade McNown, nation's passing-efficiency leader last season.
Texas also got solid performance from QB Richard Walton last week,
but 483 yards surrendered by Longhorns defense to New Mexico State
is concern.

No. 8 LSU (0-0) vs. Arkansas State (0-1)

-- Time: 8. Line: LSU by 45. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: LSU begins with warm-up for Auburn. Indians lost
at Minnesota on final play; repeat is asking a lot.

-- Plots and subplots: Tigers TB Kevin Faulk makes his opening
salvo in Heisman Trophy race. His workload could increase with
backup Rondell Mealey (foot) out. Scrappy Arkansas State is led
by QB Cleo Lemon, who forged tie at Minnesota passing for TD and
two-point conversion.

No. 9 Penn State (1-0) vs. Bowling Green (0-1)

-- Time: Noon. Line: Penn State by 38. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: Lions put coach Joe Paterno's preseason concerns
to rest last week in his 299th victory. His 300th should come
easier.

-- Plots and subplots: Offensive line lived up to expectations
as QB Kevin Thompson and TB Cordell Mitchell settled into starting
roles. Things don't figure to improve for Bowling Green's offense
-- held to 56 total yards by Missouri -- against Nittany Lions,
who allowed 9 rushing yards.

No. 11 Notre Dame (1-0) at Michigan State (0-2)

-- Time/TV: 8/ABC. Line: ND by 7. Turf: Artificial.

-- The stakes: Irish follow their huge home win with test against
desperate Spartans.

-- Plots and subplots: RB Autry Denson will be focus of Spartans
defense; MSU has been thrashed in ground game in '98 but limited
Denson to 59 yards last season. QB Jarious Jackson, who only attempted
10 passes in Michigan victory, might be asked to throw more. Irish
surrendered more than 300 yards passing, but Spartans have only
managed 282 yards by air in two games.

No. 12 Virginia (1-0) vs. Maryland (1-0)

-- Time: Noon. Line: Virginia by 281/2. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: Cavaliers hope to challenge Florida State for
ACC supremacy. Terrapins in need of breakthrough win.

-- Plots and subplots: Cavaliers' one-two combination of QB Aaron
Brooks and RB Thomas Jones will try and take control quickly.
Virginia's defensive front was as good as advertised in limiting
Auburn to 18 rushing yards. Terrapins need huge game from QB Ken
Mastrole.

No. 13 Georgia (1-0) at South Carolina (1-0)

-- Time/TV: 6/ESPN2. Line: Georgia by 5. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: Georgia could be factor in SEC East race but must
defeat Gamecocks.

-- Plots and subplots: Anthony Wright is back at QB after knee
injury cut 1997 season short. His top WR is Zola Davis, who will
challenge Georgia's excellent secondary, anchored by CB Champ
Bailey and SS Kirby Smart. Bulldogs freshman QB Quincy Carter
tops NCAA passing chart, generating 235 yards on only 12 completions
in first start.

No. 14 Michigan (0-1) vs. No. 18 Syracuse (0-1)

-- Time/TV: 3:30/ABC. Line: Michigan by 101/2. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: Down the road, both will count on difficult non-conference
schedules to bolster their Bowl Championship Series positions.
Both need this win.

-- Plots and subplots: Michigan's excellent secondary against
Orangemen's deep receiving corps is game's most intriguing matchup,
but outcome could hinge on which run defense improves the most.
Problems in Michigan's kicking game might tip scales to Orangemen
in close finish.

No. 15 Ariz. State (0-1) at Brigham Young (0-1)

-- Time/TV: 9/ESPN2. Line: ASU by 61/2. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: The Sun Devils' opening defeat and desire to avenge
last season's loss to BYU bodes, but Cougars can be dangerous
at home.

-- Plots and subplots: BYU's blitzing defense will try to bother
QB Ryan Kealy, but Cougars probably don't have answer for Sun
Devils RB J.R. Redmond. Cougars would seemingly prefer high-scoring
affair but won last year's meeting 13-10. BYU must avoid falling
behind early as it did at Alabama.

No. 16 Colorado (1-0) vs. Fresno State (0-0)

-- Time: 3. Line: Colorado by 22. Turf: Artificial.

-- The stakes: Buffs have winnable games on slate until Oct.
10, when Kansas State comes calling. Fresno could benefit from
CU letdown.

-- Plots and subplots: Colorado QB Mike Moschetti more than justified
coach Rick Neuheisel's decision to start him. He could put up
more big numbers as WRs Marcus Stiggers and Darrin Chiaverini
test Bulldogs inexperienced CBs. QB Billy Volek is back for Fresno
State.

No. 17 Wisconsin (1-0) vs. Ohio (0-1)

-- Time: 12:30. Line: Wisconsin by 16. Turf: Artificial.

-- The stakes: Injury-depleted Wisconsin comes home to meet upset-minded
Bobcats.

-- Plots and subplots: Injury news is mixed for Wisconsin; star
RB Ron Dayne (ankle) has been cleared to start, but backup Eddie
Faulkner (shoulder) will not play. But key personnel for Wisconsin
this week are defenders who must shut down Ohio's triple option
that nearly toppled Kansas State last year and N.C. State last
week.

No. 19 Texas A&M (0-1) vs. Louisiana Tech (0-2)

-- Time: 8:30. Line: A&M by 22. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: Aggies' tough pre-conference slate continues as
QB Tim Rattay brings his aerial show to College Station.

-- Plots and subplots: Louisiana Tech's statistics are a study
in extremes. Rattay, aided by WR Troy Edwards, amassed 1,050 yards
passing before Labor Day, but Bulldogs have netted minus 7 rushing
in two games. Tech's defense that has surrendered 120 points must
improve quickly to have any chance against A&M.

No. 21 Arizona (1-0) at Stanford (0-1)

-- Time: 3:30. Line: Arizona by 8. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: Wildcats hope for fast start in Pac-10 competition.
Cardinal can make up for disappointing start by pulling upset
at home.

-- Plots and subplots: Stanford's young defense was victimized
in opening-day loss to San Jose State. Look for good competition
between Cardinal WR Troy Walters and Arizona CB Chris McAlister,
whose 100-yard kickoff return set tone for Wildcats in Hawaii.

No. 23 So. California (1-0) vs. San Diego State (0-1)

-- Time: 10:30. Line: USC by 19. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: Trojans are back in the poll and hope to stay.
Former Trojans coach Ted Tollner makes first return visit to USC.

-- Plots and subplots: Despite shaky start in Pigskin Classic,
Mike Van Raaphorst remains Trojans starting QB.. TB Chad Morton
is a game-breaker. Aztecs will count on DE Kabeer Gbaja-Biamila
to lead another strong defensive effort; San Diego stayed with
Wisconsin for three quarters.

No. 25 Missouri (1-0) vs. Kansas (0-1)

-- Time/TV: 3:30/ABC. Line: Missouri by 16. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: Tigers seek to improve on turnaround '97 season.
Kansas hopes to avoid second Big 12 loss.

-- Plots and subplots: Missouri QB Corby Jones picked up where
he left off, producing 245 total yards by land and air, exceeding
his 1997 average of 231. There are signs of improvement by Jayhawks.
Freshman WR Byron Gasaway helped QB Zac Wegner to career-best
228 yards passing in 38-28 loss to Oklahoma State.

Rest of the Top 25

No. 7 Tennessee, No. 10 Washington, No. 20 West Virginia and No.
24 North Carolina are idle.

-- Lines by USA TODAY sports analyst Danny Sheridan.

CLICK HERE for continuously updated scores throughout the college
football weekend and for exclusive notebooks of every NCAA Division
I team on USA TODAY Online at: college.usatoday.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  June 11, 2002 Tuesday Five Star Lift Edition

"DIRTY BOMB" PLOT IN U.S. IS THWARTED, ASHCROFT SAYS;
 MAN ARRESTED MAY 8 AT O'HARE IS PLACED IN MILITARY CUSTODY

BYLINE: Karen Branch-Brioso Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 953 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Federal officials thwarted a radioactive-bomb plot by a U.S. citizen trained by
the al-Qaida terrorism network, Attorney General John Ashcroft said Monday -- a
day after transferring the man to military custody.

Brooklyn, N.Y., native Jose Padilla, 31, has been in government custody for a
month. Federal law enforcement officials detained him May 8 as he arrived at
Chicago O'Hare International Airport on a flight from Pakistan.

Ashcroft said Padilla -- known since the early 1990s by his Muslim name of
Abdullah Al Muhajir -- had met with senior Al-Qaida officials in Pakistan and
Afghanistan, where he "trained with the enemy, including studying how to wire
explosive devices and researching radiological dispersion devices."

"We have disrupted an unfolding terrorist plot to attack the United States by
exploding a radioactive 'dirty bomb,'" Ashcroft said Monday from Moscow, where
he was meeting with law enforcement officials.

Ashcroft said Padilla was designated an "enemy combatant." He is being held at
the Naval Consolidated Brig in Charleston, S.C., where he was moved Sunday.

A "dirty bomb" is a conventional explosive to which radioactive material is
added. The resulting explosion would not have the impact of a nuclear bomb but
would generate immediate panic, as well as potential long-range health risks,
experts said.

At a Justice Department news conference, FBI Director Robert Mueller said the
plot "was in the discussion stage." Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz said
Padilla "had indicated some knowledge of the Washington, D.C., area" but said
his target was far from set: "There was not an actual plan. We stopped this man
in the initial planning stages."

Padilla, as a U.S. citizen, cannot now be tried by the military commissions that
President George W. Bush envisioned in a November exec utive order to deal with
those charged with terrorism crimes. Bush reserved such tribunals for
noncitizens. But Bush could change his regulation so citizens could be tried
before a tribunal. And military law experts disagree over whether he could be
court-martialed.

Last year, Padilla met "on several occasions" with senior al-Qaida officials in
Afghanistan and Pakistan, Ashcroft said. Justice Department officials would not
confirm whether the meetings took place before or after the terrorist attacks of
Sept. 11. Ashcroft said the CIA, FBI and U.S. military were tracking Padilla's
movements and were waiting for him at O'Hare when he returned to the United
States.

The Associated Press reported that Padilla was detained with two other men in
Pakistan but then was permitted on the flight to the United States, as two U.S.
agents covertly followed him onto the plane.

At a time when the FBI and CIA are the subject of congressional scrutiny for
failures to share information that could have prevented the Sept. 11 attacks,
Ashcroft praised the organizations for working together to prevent Padilla from
acting on his alleged plot. Wolfowitz and Mueller echoed the praise.

"I commend the FBI, the CIA and other agencies involved in capturing Abdullah Al
Muhajir before he could act on his deadly plan," Ashcroft said. "Because of the
close cooperation among the FBI, the CIA, Defense Department and other federal
agencies, we were able to thwart this terrorist."

Wolfowitz made it clear that prosecution was not the government's primary goal.

"Our No. 1 priority is to defend the American people from future attacks," he
said. "To do that, we must root out those who are planning such attacks. We must
find them. We must stop them. And when we have them in our control, we must be
able to question them about plans for future attacks."

A military law expert said that dubbing Padilla an "enemy combatant" could
provide a significant advantage to government interrogators, both in their
ability to detain him for significant periods and to hold him with limited
access to an attorney.

"If you're going to keep him with the federal courts system, at some reasonable
point, you have to either move forward with the charges or release him," said
John Hutson, dean of the Franklin Pierce Law Center in New Hampshire. "If he's
an enemy combatant, then basically you can hold onto him until the end of the
hostilities - until the war is over, so to speak. . . . They can interrogate
him. He does not have a right to a lawyer. If you leave him in the (federal
courts) system, he has a right to counsel, and court-provided counsel if he
can't afford counsel of his own."

Padilla had a lawyer when he was being held under a sealed government order -
presumably under a material witness warrant, a Justice official said. Neither
Justice Department nor Pentagon officials would say Monday whether Padilla now
has access to a lawyer.

"He was being held under the authority of a federal judge, and he had legal
representation in connection to that," Deputy Attorney General Larry Thompson
said.

In a similar case, the federal government argued just last week that another
U.S.-born detainee held as an "enemy combatant" has no right to a lawyer. Yaser
Esam Hamdi, 21, was born in Louisiana but lived most of his life in Saudi
Arabia. He was being held at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base in Cuba with hundreds of
other such combatants seized during the military operation in Afghanistan - but
sent to a Norfolk, Va., naval brig after his birthplace was discovered.

A U.S. District Court judge ordered that Hamdi must be given access to a lawyer;
a Justice Department appeal is pending.

The Justice Department suggested that Hamdi, who grew up in Saudi Arabia, may
have renounced his U.S. citizenship at some point. But Padilla has spent almost
all of his life in the United States.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: WAR ON TERROR; Reporter Karen Branch-Brioso E-mail:
kbranch@post-dispatch.com Phone: 202-298-6880

GRAPHIC: MAP, PHOTO, GRAPHIC; (1) Photo headshot - (Jose) Padilla; U.S. citizen
is native of Brooklyn, N.Y.; (2) Post-Dispatch Graphic/Chart With Map -
Spreading radiation and terror; Source: AP; A "dirty bomb" made up of 100 pounds
of conventional explosives and radioactive material would cause relatively
little physical damage. The concern is the deaths from radiation exposure that
would be caused by its fallout. The area affected if such a bomb were detonated
in downtown St. Louis:; Blast area: 300 feet; Fallout area: 2/3 of a mile; (Map
of downtown St. Louis showing epicenter and locations of America's Center,
Savvis Center, Busch Stadium, and the Arch);

TYPE: PROFILE; "DIRTY BOMB" PLOT; JOSE PADILLA;

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 24, 2008 Tuesday

BRIEF: Cost of plot rises from $250 to $500 in historic cemetery

BYLINE: Deangelo McDaniel, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 273 words


Jun. 24--HARTSELLE -- The cost of burials in the city's historic cemetery is
going up.

Hartselle leaders agreed during their Monday work session to increase the cost
of a plot from $250 to $500.

"When you look at the lifetime maintenance cost to the city, the city is still
losing money," Mayor Dwight Tankersley said.

The Cemetery Board supported the increase.

"I think it's a good move," Edna Carol Weeks said.

Reasonable price

Hartselle's $500 fee is about in the middle when compared to surrounding
municipalities.

Decatur, for example, charges $250 for a plot, and Athens charges $300.

Cullman, however, charges $550, and Moulton charges $800 in the part of the
cemetery for flat markers.

The cost in Moulton includes the city opening and closing the grave. Hartselle
does not open graves.

Tankersley said the existing cemetery has only a few plots remaining.

Growing, changing

The city is expanding the cemetery, and the cost to do so is about $220 per plot
. The expansion will add 244 lots.

Because of potential legal expenses, Hartselle is changing how people are buried
in the city cemetery.

In the past, people have purchased plots and received a deed.

In the future, people will buy the right to be buried but not receive a deed.

To see more of The Decatur Daily, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.decaturdaily.com Copyright (c) 2008, The Decatur Daily, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080624-DD-BRF-Cost-of-plot
-rises-from-250-to-500-in-historic-cemetery-0624

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2008 The Decatur Daily


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 January 4, 2000 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

BOMB-PLOT PROBE RESULTS IN MORE ARRESTS

BYLINE: Mercury News Wire Services

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 181 words


Two Algerians, one in Brooklyn, N.Y., and the other in Seattle, have been
arrested in the continuing investigation of a terrorist bomb plot. The new
arrests came amid indications that federal authorities are focusing their
efforts on a network of Algerians in New York, Seattle and Boston, officials
said Monday.

The Brooklyn man, Abdelwahib Hamdouche, was taken into custody Saturday night at
Kennedy International Airport, officials said. Hamdouche, 34, a naturalized
French citizen, was held as a material witness in the bomb plot investigation.

In Seattle, the authorities said they had arrested another Algerian man, Abdel
Hakim Tizegha, on charges of entering the country illegally. He is believed to
be an associate of a man charged last week in the bomb plot, law enforcement
officials said, but he has not been accused of any direct role. The new arrests
stem from what authorities said was a bomb plot foiled in Seattle last month
after the arrest of Ahmed Ressam, an Algerian who has been linked to terrorists.
Ressam was charged with trying to smuggle explosives.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: National News in Brief

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 26, 2013

Private land hunting guide now available

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 277  words


The North Dakota Game and Fish Department's Private Land Open To Sportsmen (
PLOTS) Guide for 2013 is now available online at the Department's website,
gf.nd.gov. In addition, PLOTS Guides will be available at most license vendors
throughout the state in early September.

The guide will feature about 760,000 PLOTS acres. Because the guide is printed
in mid-August, some PLOTS tracts highlighted in the guide may have been removed
from the program since the time of printing. There will also be some PLOTS
tracts where the habitat and condition of the tract will have changed
significantly. Conversely, Game and Fish may have added new tracts to the
program after the guide went to press.

To minimize possible confusion, Game and Fish will update PLOTS map sheets
weekly on its website.

The PLOTS Guide features maps highlighting these walk-in areas, identified in
the field by inverted triangular yellow signs, as well as other public lands.

In addition, a one-page advertisement announces a photo contest for the cover of
the 2014 PLOTS Guide. From end-of-day hunting shots, to scenic action or
landscape shots, the Game and Fish Department wants to feature hunter photos on
the cover and elsewhere in the guide that showcase North Dakota's strong hunting
heritage.

PLOTS Guides are free, and available at county auditor offices and license
vendors in the state; by walk-in at the Game and Fish Department's Bismarck
office; and at district offices in Riverdale, Harvey (Lonetree), Willis-ton,
Dickinson, Jamestown and Devils Lake.

The guides are not available to mail, so hunters will have to pick one up at a
local vendor, or print individual maps from the website.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Recreation

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Turtle Mountain Star


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 18, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

MAN IN NEW JERSEY IS CHARGED IN PLOT TO KILL MUBARAK

BYLINE: By STEVEN LEE MYERS

SECTION: Section 1; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1362 words


An Egyptian immigrant who lives in New Jersey was charged in a Federal complaint
yesterday with conspiring to kill President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt in a "suicide
mission" during his visit to the United States in early April and, when that
plot unraveled, with planning to try again in September.

The complaint detailed an elaborate plan by the suspect, Abdo Mohammed Haggag,
and at least 10 others to carry out the attack at a hotel in Manhattan, dressing
in hotel uniforms so that they could blend in and move close to Mr. Mubarak. The
complaint said the conspirators believed they had been betrayed by a "leak" that
caused Mr. Mubarak to change his plans, though it remained unclear last night
whether Mr. Mubarak had planned to visit New York.

The charges against Mr. Haggag, who was arrested by Federal agents on Friday
evening, appeared to provide another layer of details to the amorphous
conspiracy to bomb a series of landmarks in New York City, including the United
Nations and the Lincoln and Holland Tunnels, and to assassinate prominent
political figures.

Those figures, including Mr. Mubarak and Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato of New York,
were mentioned as targets, but the plots were not fully described when the
authorities smashed a loosely organized ring of militant Muslims late last month
after swooping down on a suspected bomb factory in Queens.

Two others named but not formally charged in the complaint yesterday, Siddig
Ibrahim Siddig Ali and Clement Rodney Hampton-El, are among 11 suspects who have
now been charged in that bombing plot. Officials have also said that Mr. Siddig
Ali masterminded the plot and that both men took part in the preparations for
the bombing of the World Trade Center on Feb. 26, which killed six people.

A senior law-enforcement official said that the United States Attorney would
seek other indictments within the next month against the suspects arrested in
the second plot that could provide more details of the other targets and
methods. The official, however, declined to specify what the new charges would
be.

Began Last Year

"All I can tell you is that there is more than enough information in the
indictments," the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. "Obviously,
there is common people and it's a common time frame. You can deduce from that
what you will."

Like the other conspirators in the two bombing plots, Mr. Haggag, 34, is a
follower of Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman, the radical Muslim cleric, and lived
next-door to him in an apartment building in Jersey City until the cleric was
detained by immigration authorities.

The charges against Mr. Haggag illustrated once again the complicated network of
loosely interlocking small groups of Muslim militants in Brooklyn and New Jersey
who were followers of Mr. Abdel Rahman, worshipped at the same mosques and
traveled in the same circles.

Yesterday's complaint, filed in Federal District Court in Manhattan, also
revealed that in addition to a confidential informant who provided information
on the plot to blow up New York landmarks, the authorities relied on an
individual described as a "cooperating witness" to shed light on the plot to
kill Mr. Mubarak.

A senior law-enforcement official said yesterday that the witness was one of the
defendants arrested in the second bombing plot who had now agreed to assist the
Government's investigation.

According to the complaint, Mr. Haggag, also known as Abdel Al-Rahman Haggag,
began plotting late last year with Mr. Siddig Ali and Mr. Hampton-El and others
to kill Mr. Mubarak. Mr. Mubarak has faced vehement opposition in Egypt and
abroad from radical Muslim groups aligned against his secular Government and its
ties to the West.

Mr. Haggag, the complaint charged, met with Mr. Siddig Ali and Mr. Hampton-El on
several occasions beginning late last year to discuss the plot, including a
meeting with several others in Brooklyn.

At the same time, Mr. Siddig Ali and others conducted surveillance at the New
York hotel, not identified in the complaint, where the suspects believed Mr.
Mubarak planned to stay as part of his official visit to the United States. At
another meeting, the complaint said, Mr. Hampton-El "agreed to make weapons and
munitions available to them."

'Suicide Mission'

The complaint said Mr. Siddig Ali told the others involved in the plot that the
attack "would be a 'suicide mission,' " or in other words, "that there would be
a high likelihood that the conspirators would be killed during its execution,
since the area around the hotel would be filled with law enforcement and other
security personnel."

According to the complaint, Mr. Siddig Ali later explained that the attack had
been postponed "because of a 'leak' which caused President Mubarak to alter his
plans."

Mr. Mubarak arrived in Washington on April 4, but did not go to New York. An
aide to the Egyptian president told The Associated Press yesterday that he had
not planned to visit New York at the time.

The details of the plot appeared to have emerged to investigators only after the
witness -- said to be one of the suspects arrested late last month -- agreed to
cooperate with prosecutors in late June.

The witness told investigators of a series of conversations with Mr. Haggag and
the other suspects, detailing the assassination plot and revealing that the
conspirators hoped to try again when Mr. Mubarak returned to New York for the
opening of the General Assembly of the United Nations. As a result, officials
are concerned about the security arrangements should Mr. Mubarak attend the
session, one official said.

At one point, Mr. Haggag accused Mr. Siddig Ali of being an informant and thus
"responsible for the failure to carry out the mission" to kill Mr. Mubarak, the
complaint said. At a meeting with the cooperating witness on May 6 at his
apartment on Fairfield Avenue in Jersey City, Mr. Haggag asked that the witness
check his apartment for surveillance devices because he had been approached by
Government agents.

Widens Network

The arrest of Mr. Haggag widened the network of suspects -- all interconnected
to Mr. Abdel Rahman and the mosques where he preached frequently -- who wanted
to punish the United States for its support of Israel and secular Arab
governments, like Egypt's. In one Federal complaint, Mr. Siddig Ali told the
Government's informant in the cases that the bombing of the trade center was a
message that "we can get you anytime."

Mr. Haggag has lived in a four-story yellow-brick apartment building at 115
Fairview Avenue in Jersey City for about three years, according to the
building's superintendent, Ernesto Rosado. His apartment is next to the one on
the fourth floor where Sheik Rahman lived until he turned himself in on July 2.

Mr. Rosado said that it was Mr. Haggag who first brought the cleric to the
building and later helped make arrangements for him to rent it. He went on to
say that Mr. Haggag visited his neighbor frequently.

Mr. Haggag's lawyer, David H. Weiss, said his client, who was born in Cairo and
has lived in the United States for at least eight years, had a close
relationship with the cleric and often worshipped at the Al-Salaam mosque, only
a few blocks away. Mr. Weiss said that Mr. Haggag worked at Prudential-Bache in
Manhattan and that he had a wife and two children, who are now living in Egypt.
"He's been sending them money for a year and a half," he said.

Bail Hearing Delayed

Mr. Haggag was led in a courtroom in the Federal Courthouse in Manhattan
yesterday afternoon, handcuffed and wearing a striped shirt and khaki pants.
Bearded and wearing glasses, he spoke softly to his lawyer or sat quietly, his
head resting on his hands crossed as if in prayer.

The prosecutor, Andrew C. McCarthy, requested that Magistrate Judge Kathleen A.
Roberts deny bail to Mr. Haggag because of the danger he posed to the community
and the risk of flight. Judge Roberts ordered Mr. Haggag to appear in court
again on Tuesday morning for a bail hearing.

When asked after the hearing how Mr. Haggag would plead, Mr. Weiss responded,
"Today, he is planning to plead not guilty."

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Siddig Ibrahim Siddig Ali, who was charged last month with
conspiring to bomb several New York sites, at the Metropolitan Correctional
Center last week. (Chester Higgins Jr./The New York Times) (pg. 31)

Chart: "An Assassination Plot"

Excerpts from charges filed yesterday alleging a plan to kill Egyptian President
Hosni Mubarak.

In or about late 1992, ABDO MOHAMMED HAGGAG, a/k/a "Abdel Al-Rahman Haggag
("HAGGAG"), and Siddig Ibrahim Siddig Ali ("Siddig Ali"), among others,
discussed a plan to murder Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak when President
Mubarak came to New York in early 1993.

Between late 1992 and early 1993, Siddig Ali, among others, conducted
surveillance at a hotel in Manhattan.

Between late April 1993 and late June 1993, Siddig Ali and HAGGAG, among others,
engaged in several conversations with a cooperating witness ("CW") regarding a
plan begun in late 1992 to murder Hosni Mubarak, the President of Egypt. In the
course of these conversations, the CW was advised, among other things, that
Siddig Ali and HAGGAG had met with Clement Rodney Hampton-El in Brooklyn, who
had agreed to make weapons and munitions available to them.

On or about May 13, 1993, Siddig Ali informed the CW that HAGGAG, Ali and
several others had received training for a secret mission.

On or about May 18 and May 19, 1993, in the course of continuing to plan a
series of bombings, Siddig Ali explained to the CW, among other things, that ten
members of his group had made elaborate arrangements to attempt to murder
arrangements to attempt to murder Egyptian President Hosni Murarak during
President Mubarak's visit to the United States in late March to early April
1993.  Those plans included, among other things, secretly obtaining information
about President Mubarak's itinerary, surveillance conducted at a hotel in
Manhattan in order to determine where various assailants would be stationed,
obtaining weapons and explosives to carry out the plot, and obtaining uniforms
so that some members of the conspiracy could appear to be hotel workers and thus
get close to President Mubarak.

Siddig Ali explained, among other things, that members of the conspiracy
understood the mission would be a "suicide mission," i.e., that there would be a
high likelihood that the conspirators would be killed durings its execution,
since the area around the hotel would be filled with law enforcement and other
security personnel.

Siddig Ali further explained that the plan had been postponed because of a
"leak" which caused President Mubarak to alter his travel arrangements.

Siddig Ali has learned about this "leak," he said, because Haggag had been
interviewd by American law enforcement agents. Siddig Ali later suggested that
the plan to murder President Mubarak would be carried out in September 1993.

Both Haggag and Siddig Ali claimed credit for designing the murder plan. and
Haggag accused Siddig Ali of being a Government informant and, thus, responsible
for the failure to carry out the mission. (pg. 31)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Facts on File World News Digest

                                October 28, 2004

Terrorism;
No Evidence of Election-Timed Attack

SECTION: Pg. 841D1

LENGTH: 401 words


There was no credible evidence of an attack by the Al Qaeda terrorist network
timed to coincide with or disrupt U.S. presidential elections in November,
according to senior U.S. counterterrorism officials cited in the October 23
Washington Post and the October 24 New York Times. The newspaper articles
concluded that although Al Qaeda likely continued to plan attacks against the
U.S., there was no evidence of a specific plot. Bush administration security
officials since May had warned of an ongoing major Al Qaeda terrorist plot to
strike the U.S. before the November 2 elections. [See 2004 India-Pakistan
Relations: Singh, Musharraf Meet in New York; 2004 Eight Charged in Britain For
Plotting U.S. Attacks; Allegedly Targeted Financial Institutions; Other
Developments]

According to the Post, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director Robert
Mueller 3rd and John McLaughlin, then acting director of central intelligence,
September 15 during their daily briefing with President Bush had discussed new
intelligence about an election-timed plot. Mueller and McLaughlin had reportedly
brandished evidence suggesting that Al Qaeda operatives had entered the U.S.
However, a primary informant who had provided the intelligence had later been
discredited, the Post reported.

According to the Times, senior counterterrorism officials based in eight
European and Middle Eastern countries had also seen no evidence of an
election-timed plot aimed at the U.S. Most of the U.S. and foreign security
officials cited in both accounts apparently believed that Al Qaeda plots
typically gestated over long periods and were not typically timed to coincide
with specific events.

Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge in August had issued a warning involving
five financial services buildings in the Northeastern U.S., and British
authorities in August had arrested and charged eight men in connection with the
plot. However, unidentified officials now believed that the men were targeting
London's Heathrow International Airport and not buildings in the U.S., according
to the Times.

The Homeland Security Department terrorist threat level for the vast majority of
the U.S. remained at yellow, or elevated, the middle level of the five-colored
threat barometer. However, the threat level remained at orange, or high, for the
financial services sector in New York City, northern New Jersey and Washington,
D.C.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 Facts on File, Inc.


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             August 21, 2016 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

PLANNING CAN HELP FOOD PLOTS

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Tripp Williams columnist; Pg. O08

LENGTH: 848 words


Labor Day weekend is usually spent traveling to the beach for the last time or
the mountains for the first time, or maybe this year driving to Atlanta to watch
Georgia take on North Carolina in the 2016 Chick-fil-A Kickoff Game. While
others are planning these activities, there will be a handful of us that will be
spending this holiday planting fall food plots. Planting food plots is an
effective way to increase the return on investment. However, the cost involved
with food plots can be substantial, and proper planning can help avoid waste and
disappointment.

Some causes of food plot failure, such as weather factors, cannot be controlled.
Many can be avoided with proper planting, planting technique, and maintenance.
Some common reasons for food plot failure that can be avoided are highlighted
below.

Wrong plant for location: One of the first decisions to be made when planning a
plot is where the planting will be located. For many, choices are limited based
on the amount of open land available. Careful consideration should be given to
the chosen area's soil, sunlight, and drainage. These factors weigh heavily on
the type of plant that will thrive. Every seed species and blend has specific
conditions under which it will perform best. Match the land's qualities with
compatible food plot plant requirements. For example, a plant that requires
all-day sunlight and dry soil is not compatible in a shaded field that has poor
drainage.

Lack of a soil test: Without a soil test, it is impossible to know exactly what
your food plot needs in terms of lime or fertilizer. This simple and inexpensive
step still gets overlooked often enough to make it one of the primary culprits
for food plot failure. Soil testing cost is $9.00 in Columbia County. Please
contact the Extension Office for information on how to take a sample, or visit
aesl.ces.uga.edu/soil/Georgia.htm for more information.

Improper Planting Technique: While many food plot pitfalls can be avoided in the
planning phase, sometimes even the best laid plans still result in disappointing
results. This is often because of improper planting technique. One of the
biggest challenges facing the average land manager is lack of the necessary
equipment. The fact is that many don't own a tractor and all the key implements
necessary for farming. This leaves the options of renting, borrowing, or
improvising on equipment. It seems the latter often wins out, and the result is
a poorly prepared seedbed with less than ideal germination or intense weed
competition that eventually chokes out the plot. A properly prepared seedbed
needs one or more herbicide treatments followed by thoroughly disking or tilling
the area. If a no-till drill is available, the seed may be drilled directly into
the herbicide-treated field.

Lack of Maintenance: Before the food plot is established, deer browsing on
plants can have negative effects on plant establishment, survival and
productivity. Try implementing a fertilizer deterrent. Milorganite is a
slow-release, organic fertilizer produced from human sewage. The trade name,
Milorganite, was derived from MILwaukee ORGAnic NITrogEn, as it is the treated
byproduct of the Milwaukee, Wis., waste

treatment plant. This product is often used for soil amendments rather than a
fertilizer because of the low nitrogen/phosphorus/potassium values of 6-2-0, but
it does a great job keeping the deer out for at least 30 days at the rate of 240
pounds per acre. Also install an exclusion cage. The simple device prevents deer
and other animals from eating what's inside the cage. It's only a few square
feet, which acts as a control and by observing how much and what kind of forage
grows inside and comparing it with the rest of the food plot; you can see how
much forage is being produced and how heavily the deer are browsing the plot.

Once a food plot is established, the biggest threat quickly becomes competition
from weeds. Weeds can be extremely aggressive and quickly take over a great
planting. Depending on seed mix used, occasional mowing and herbicides, when
applicable, are the best ways to control weeds. For example, mowing is an
important management tool for clover plantings. Not only will two to three
mowings per year help control weeds in the plot, it also thickens the legumes
and helps to maintain high protein levels. Be sure not to cut it below four to
six inches, and don't mow during periods of hot, dry weather. Applying the
proper herbicides can also be key to controlling unwanted weeds and maintaining
a healthy food plot. Whether planting Roundup Ready Soybeans, brassicas, or a
white clover mix, there are specific herbicides that will target the undesirable
weeds in the plot. It is critical to know exactly what herbicide and how much
before sowing the first seed.

Food plots can be rewarding for wildlife managers or weekend warriors if
properly prepared. Avoiding these pitfalls can result in a rewarding food plot
year after year.

Tripp Williams, Columbia County's agriculture and natural resource extension
agent, can be reached at (706) 541-4011 or trippj@uga.edu

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Williams mug

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

The Wire: Holder resigning; terror warning; Ebola quarantine; U.-Va. case; saved
by jackpot

BYLINE: By Karl Kahler kkahler@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 335 words


Eric Holder stepping down as attorney general

Eric Holder is stepping down after six years as the nation's first black
attorney general, and conservatives across the nation are undoubtedly saying
it's about time. The White House said President Barack Obama would announce
Holder's resignation later Thursday. Obama has not made a final decision on a
replacement for Holder, who was to remain on the job until a new attorney
general is confirmed. Possible candidates who have been discussed by the
administration include Solicitor General Don Verrilli, California Attorney
General Kamala Harris, Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick, Deputy U.S. Attorney
General James Cole and Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse. Holder, the fourth
longest-serving AG in American history, was a lightning rod for criticism from
the right over his role in a botched gunrunning probe dubbed Fast and Furious,
in a failed plan to try terrorism suspects in New York City and in a perceived
failure to hold banks accountable for the near-meltdown of the nation's economy.

Iraqi PM warns of subway terror plot against U.S., Paris

The Iraqi prime minister warned Thursday of a terrorist plot to attack subways
in the United States and Paris, but U.S. officials said they cannot confirm the
plot. Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi told journalists in New York at the U.N.
General Assembly meeting that he was told of the plot by Baghdad, and that it
was the work of foreign fighters of the Islamic State group in Iraq. "Today,
while I'm here I'm receiving accurate reports from Baghdad that there were
arrests of a few elements and there were networks from inside Iraq to have
attacks ... on metros of Paris and U.S.," al-Abadi said, speaking in English.
"They are not Iraqis. Some of them are French, some of them are Americans. But
they are in Iraq." Asked if the attacks were imminent, he said, "I'm not sure."
Asked if the attacks had been thwarted, he said, "No." U.S. officials said they
could not confirm details of the plot.

twitter.com/karl_kahler.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi, left, shakes hands with
Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon during the 69th U.N. General Assembly on Thursday.

Jesse Leroy Matthew Jr., 32, is suspected in the disappearance of University of
Virginia student Hannah Graham.
Health care workers load a man suspected of suffering from the Ebola virus onto
an ambulance in Kenema, Sierra Leone, on Thursday.
Attorney General Eric Holder will step down after his replacement is confirmed.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     November 3, 2002 Sunday Final Edition

Five arrested in alleged plot to kidnap former Spice Girl: Victoria Beckham 'in
absolute shock' upon learning of $12M plan

SOURCE: The Sunday Telegraph; with files from Reuters and The Associated Press

BYLINE: Daniel Foggo, David Bamber and Adam Lusher

SECTION: News; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 454 words

DATELINE: LONDON

LONDON -- Five people were arrested yesterday over a plot to kidnap Victoria
Beckham, the pop star and wife of soccer star David Beckham.

"Four men and a woman have been arrested for offences of theft and conspiracy to
kidnap," said a Scotland Yard spokesman.

The five -- believed to be Romanians and Albanians -- were held by the
Metropolitan Police Serious and Organized Crime Squad. The plot was discovered
after a gang was infiltrated by reporters from the tabloid News of the World.

A Scotland Yard spokesman said the arrests were made after police raids at two
addresses -- in London and Surrey.

If either of her two sons were with her, the tabloid said, the kidnappers would
seize them, too. They planned to take their captives to a house in Brixton,
South London, and demand the equivalent of $12 million ransom, the paper
reported.

"I'm stunned by what has happened today," the paper quoted Victoria Beckham
saying.

"It's clear these people were serious and that, of course, has scared the life
out of me. ... I'm in absolute and total shock."

When the police swooped, Ms. Beckham was in Manchester with her husband, who was
playing in Manchester United's Premiership soccer match against Southampton.

It is believed that she was informed of the plot and the arrests as the match
began, although her husband was not told until after the game.

This is the second time a plot to abduct Ms. Beckham has been revealed.

In January 2000, gangsters tried to snatch her and Brooklyn, then eight months
old, and hold them at a house in Hampstead, London.

Scotland Yard detectives were tipped off about the plot, and assigned a team of
officers to protect the Beckhams at their home in Hertfordshire. The family was
taken to a secret location and Ms. Beckham's parents were also moved. No arrests
were made over that plot.

In the latest case, the five suspects were being held at unnamed police
stations.

In September, it was reported that Ms. Beckham, 27 -- who rose to pop stardom as
"Posh Spice" with the Spice Girls -- and her husband had hired five former
members of the special forces to protect them. They have also built high fences
around the five-acre grounds of their home.

In March 2000, Ms. Beckham received a death threat, which was sent to her
parents' home, two days before she was due to perform on stage with the Spice
Girls at the Brit Awards show. No arrests were ever made.

During a rehearsal, a red laser light appeared on her chest and she was bundled
off stage.

A fire-escape door was found wedged open, and it was feared that a potential
assassin had been at the venue in London. In her autobiography, Ms. Beckham
confessed that she had been terrified by the experience.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Ian Waldie, Reuters; Victoria Beckham, shown in this file
photo, was informed before her husband, David's soccer game yesterday of the
plot to kidnap her. This is the second such plot to be uncovered in recent
years.

TYPE: Crime

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                April 7, 2003 Monday Five Star Late Lift Edition

NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: NORTH POST ; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 565 words


BRIDGETON

Council approves permit for physical therapy

The Bridgeton City Council has approved a special-use permit for Signature
Foundation Rehabilitation Services to operate a physical therapy center at 3431
Bridgeland Drive, near DePaul Health Center.

The nonprofit center will rely on referrals from private physicians, most of
whom work at DePaul, said Stephen Lozier, administrator for Signature
Foundation.
 Lozier said the center is a new concept for the area. "No one else is doing it
in St. Louis," he said.

Lozier said the center will initially be staffed with one therapist and one
assistant. But if demand increases, he plans to expand it. Plans are also in the
works to open other locations, in Manchester and South County.

MARYLAND HEIGHTS

City will provide first community gardenThe city of Maryland Heights is
providing space for its first community garden for residents.

The garden, which will feature 15-foot by 15-foot plots, will be situated south
of Maryland Heights Centre on McKelvey Road, and available on a first-come,
first-served basis. The application fee for each plot is $10.

The plots, which may be used for vegetables or flowers, will be assigned by the
parks and recreation staff at a meeting at 7 p.m. on April 24 at the Maryland
Heights Centre, 2344 McKelvey Road.

The city will till and stake out the garden plots and provide a water source and
trash bins. Residents will be responsible for their own tools, hoses and
maintenance of their plots, which will not be fenced. The city holds no
responsibility for loss because of pilfering. There are no age requirements, but
residents must be able to maintain the garden throughout the growing season.

Anyone wishing to apply for a plot or obtain more information may call JoAnn
Eng-Hellinger at 314-434-1915.

NORTH COUNTY

Barrington Downs plan gets tentative permission

The St. Louis County Council last Tuesday tentatively granted Kemp Co.
permission to build 30 houses in the last major undeveloped area of the
Barrington Downs subdivision.

The houses would be on 6.2 acres on the northwest corner of Old Halls Ferry Road
and Grand National Drive in north St. Louis County.

Kemp originally proposed 34 houses for the site. Some residents said the lots
would be too small compared with the rest of the subdivision.

The developer also changed lot sizes on the edge of the development to match
adjacent lots, and the houses would be a similar size. Kemp would name the main
street in its development Saratoga, to retain the horse-racing theme of
Barrington Downs.

ST. LOUIS

St. Nicholas will host bone-marrow drive

St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Church, at 4967 Forest Park Avenue, St. Louis will
host a bone-marrow drive from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. on Saturday.

People from 18 through 60 in good general health may to participate. It involves
watching a video, answering a medical questionnaire and having a small amount of
blood drawn.

After tissue typing is done in the lab, the information goes into the National
Bone Marrow Registry. Those of various ethnic origins are especially encouraged
to participate because their tissue types are unique to members of their groups.

There is no charge to participate; contributions to defray the $25 test cost
will be accepted.

Questions may be directed to Christina Papulis at 636-256-0366 and Sylvia
Nicozisin at 314-872-3185

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                            September 7, 2009 Monday

Islamic extremist guilty of airline bomb plot

LENGTH: 677 words



HIGHLIGHT: ISLAMIC extremist Abdulla Ahmed Ali was today found guilty of
conspiring to murder thousands in an unprecedented airline bomb plot.


The 28-year-old was the leader of an east London al Qaida-inspired terror cell,
a Woolwich Crown Court jury found.

He planned to detonate home-made liquid bombs in suicide attacks on
transatlantic aircraft bound for major north American cities.

Ali was responsible for the most complex and daring British-based terrorist
conspiracy in modern times.

With thousands killed in the air and on the ground, the explosions would have
exceeded the carnage of the September 11 attacks.

Counter terrorist police, the security services and prosecutors spent more than
£35 million foiling the plot and bringing Ali to justice.

The arrest of the gang in August 2006 sparked tight restrictions on carrying
liquids on to aircraft that led to travel chaos.

The guilty verdict will come as an enormous relief for Government ministers who
endured heavy criticism for introducing the draconian luggage restrictions.

It will also be seen as a vindication of the decision to retry Ali after he was
found guilty of conspiracy to cause explosions last September. The previous jury
failed to reach verdicts on the airline plot.

British-born Ali, of Walthamstow, was inspired by the July 7 bombers and Osama
bin Laden and considered taking his baby son on his suicide mission.

He planned to smuggle home-made bombs disguised as soft drinks on to passenger
jets run by United Airlines, American Airlines and Air Canada.

The hydrogen peroxide devices would have been assembled and detonated in mid-air
by a team of suicide bombers.

Ali singled out seven flights to San Francisco, Toronto, Montreal, Washington,
New York and Chicago that departed within two-and-a-half hours of each other.

Authorities on both sides of the Atlantic would have been left powerless to stop
the destruction once the first bomb exploded.

Police said the plot was drawn up in Pakistan with detailed instructions passed
to Ali during frequent trips to its lawless border with Afghanistan.

They believe a mystery al Qaida bombmaker was responsible for the ingenious
liquid bomb design, concealed within 500ml Oasis or Lucozade bottles.

Surveillance teams watched Ali on his return to Britain as he assembled his
terror cell, gathered materials and identified targets.

Undercover officers looked on as the unemployed former shop worker used cash to
purchase a £138,000 second-floor flat in Forest Road, Walthamstow.

They planted a secret bug that revealed it was converted into a bomb factory
where Ali met others to construct the bombs.

The flat was also used as a location for Ali and others to record suicide videos
threatening further attacks against the West.

In his video Ali warned the British public to expect "floods of martyr
operations" that would leave body parts scattered in the streets.

Ali was watched as he used public phone boxes, mobile phones and anonymous email
accounts to keep in touch with mystery terrorist controllers in Pakistan.

On his arrest, he was found to be carrying an elaborate and damning blueprint
for the plot scrawled in a battered pocket diary.

Airport security arrangements and details of flights, including the seven
highlighted services, were discovered on a computer memory stick in another
pocket.

Along with Ali, Assad Sarwar 29, of Walton Drive, High Wycombe, and Tanvir
Hussain, 28, of Nottingham Road, Leyton, were also found guilty of involvement
in the airline bomb plot today.

But Ibrahim Savant, 28, of Denver Road, Stoke Newington, Arafat Waheed Khan, 28,
of Farnan Avenue, Walthamstow, Waheed Zaman, 25, of Queen's Road, Walthamstow,
were found not guilty of the airliner plot.

The jury failed to reach a verdict on Umar Islam, 31, of Bushey Road, Plaistow,
of the airliner plot.

But Islam was convicted of conspiracy to murder.

Donald Stewart-Whyte, 23, of Hepplewhite Close, High Wycombe, was found not
guilty of both conspiracy to murder on aircraft and conspiracy to murder.

Ali, Sarwar and Hussain were convicted of conspiracy to murder in the first
trial but retried, along with the five other men, for the airliner plot after
the first jury failed to reach verdicts on those charges.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCOT


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 21, 2006 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Agent warned FBI about Moussaoui, hijack plan

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 532 words


ALEXANDRIA, Va.--The FBI agent who arrested confessed al-Qaeda conspirator
Zacarias Moussaoui testified Monday that three weeks before the Sept. 11, 2001,
attacks, the agent warned his supervisors that Moussaoui likely was part of a
plot to take over a commercial jet using small knives to subdue the crew.

The testimony by Special Agent Harry Samit in Moussaoui's sentencing trial shed
new light on how the U.S. government failed to seize upon a range of clues that
suggested the 9/11 plot was unfolding.

Samit said Monday that he wrote at least 70 pages of memos during the three
weeks before the attacks expressing concern that Moussaoui was involved in a
hijacking plot, but the Minnesota-based agent said his superiors never acted on
the repeated warnings.

Samit's warnings included an Aug. 18, 2001, memo in which he unsuccessfully
sought permission from FBI headquarters to search the belongings of Moussaoui, a
French citizen who had been arrested on immigration charges.

The agent's warnings proved to be a forecast of the Sept. 11 attacks, in which
19 suicide hijackers used box cutters and utility knives to take over four jets
in attacks that killed nearly 3,000 people in New York City and Shanksville,
Pa., and at the Pentagon.

Samit's testimony is key in Moussaoui's trial, which is being held to determine
whether the al-Qaeda operative -- who has pleaded guilty to terrorism conspiracy
-- should be executed or receive a life sentence. The U.S. government says that
the Sept. 11 attacks could have been prevented if Moussaoui had warned agents
about the plot, and that he should be executed because he didn't.

Moussaoui claims he was part of another plot and didn't know about the one for
9/11. Samit's testimony appeared to support the defense's contention that
authorities had many clues about a possible hijacking plot and failed to act on
them.

Samit testified that before the attacks, FBI officials in Washington refused to
support his search requests despite Samit's increasingly "desperate" attempts to
learn more about Moussaoui, who had raised suspicions among his instructors
while training as a flight student.

"God help us all if the next terrorist incident involves this kind of plan," an
investigative associate identified in court only as "Cathy" wrote a frustrated
Samit on the day before the attacks.

Samit's FBI superiors at the time did not believe he had enough evidence to
support a warrant for either a criminal or intelligence investigation. Since
then, the USA Patriot Act has made it easier for federal authorities to obtain
such warrants in terrorism investigations.

Samit's testimony marked the resumption of Moussaoui's trial, which U.S.
District Judge Leonie Brinkema had suspended for nearly a week after learning
that a government lawyer had violated court rules by leaking court transcripts
to help coach upcoming government witnesses.

Brinkema responded by ruling that prosecutors could not present evidence that
aviation authorities could have helped avert the 9/11 attacks if Moussaoui had
told agents about the plot. The judge later amended her ruling to allow aviation
witnesses who were not tainted by the actions of government lawyer Carla Martin.


LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                           December 13, 2012 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

'Kill Justin Bieber' plot foiled, U.S. report; TV station reveals grisly alleged
plan

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. C9

LENGTH: 377 words


Two would-be assassins from New Mexico are being implicated in a bizarre plot to
kill Canadian pop megastar Justin Bieber.

KRQE News 13 in Albuquerque, the state's largest city, reported the alleged
scheme Wednesday.

The television station said it was part of a plan to strangle and castrate the
Ontario-born singer and three other people.

Detectives quoted by the station say Mark Staake, 41, and his nephew Tanner
Ruane, 23, had begun hatching their plot at the state prison near Las Cruces.

In prison, Staake met Dana Martin, a convicted killer serving two life sentences
for raping and killing a 15-year-old girl in Vermont in 2000.

Police say Martin recruited Staake, who in turn recruited his nephew, to carry
out four murders when Staake was paroled from prison last month.

He gave orders to strangle the victims with a paisley tie - Martin's calling
card.

Ruane was to be in charge of castrating the victims.

Mastermind Martin, 45, told detectives that the sinister centrepiece of the plan
was killing and castrating Bieber - and his bodyguard - following the teen's
concert at Madison Square Garden in New York City.

KRQE News 13 reported that Martin is obsessed with the singer, who's currently
in the early stages of a huge world tour, and even has a tattoo of the Stratford
superstar on his leg.

An affidavit from the New Mexico State Police says Staake believed he could
track the star, whom they identify only as J.B., through the press and said
Martin wanted the high-profile target dead so he would become even more infamous
from behind bars.

Staake and Ruane were caught in Vermont at a border crossing coming in from
Canada, the Associated Press said. Police say they were lost and looking for
directions, but when border agents checked Staake's details they discovered a
warrant for his arrest.

After searching the men's car, police say they found evidence of the men's plan,
including "murder tools" and names and addresses of the intended victims and
their families.

WPTZ.com in Burlington, Vt., said Ruane described how his role in the murders
would to be castrate the victims with a pair of hedge clippers.

"I was going to go 'Snip, Snip,' " said investigator Clinton Norris of the New
Mexico state police, quoting a jailhouse recording of Ruane to Martin.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Mark Staake; Michael Kovac, Getty Images;  A U.S. TV station reported
an alleged sadistic plot against Canadian superstar Justin Bieber.;;  Tanner
Ruane;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                              June 4, 2007 Monday
                                 First Edition

The terrorist plotters who wanted to make September 11 look small

BYLINE: Mark Coultan Herald Correspondent in New York and agencies

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 721 words


IT WAS a plot worthy of a disaster movie. Destroy New York's largest airport in
a dastardly explosion.

Unfortunately for the alleged plotters, not only was the idea outlandish and
highly unlikely to succeed, but authorities had been recording the conversations
of the plotters for the past 18 months.

The plot, in the words of one of the alleged ringleaders, would have caused
"greater destruction than in the September 11 attacks", and devastated the
American economy.

Four men are alleged to have planned to blow up fuel pipelines, fuel tanks, and
buildings at John F. Kennedy International Airport.

The FBI said the suspects had conducted surveillance of the airport using
photographs and satellite images downloaded from Google Earth. One of the men,
Russell Defreitas, was a retired cargo handler at the airport. Another was Abdul
Kadir, a former mayor of a Guyanese town and a former member of the Guyanese
Parliament.

He was arrested in Trinidad after a plane bound for Venezuela, in which he was a
passenger, was turned around. His wife has denied he was involved in any
terrorist plot. He is said to have been helping Defreitas, 63, to plan the
attack and secure financing for it.

Defreitas, who sells books on street corners and exports broken air-conditioners
to Guyana, was arraigned in a Brooklyn court and denied bail.

A third man, Kareem Ibrahim, was arrested in Trinidad. A fourth, Abdel Nur, is
still at large and believed also to be in Trinidad.

Defreitas was recorded by an FBI informant as allegedly saying that JFK Airport,
which handles 45 million passengers a year, was targeted because it would put
"the whole country in mourning".

"It's like you can kill the man twice," Defreitas allegedly said.

He has also boasted that he had been taught to make bombs in Guyana.

A lawyer, Roslynn Mauskopf, said it was one of the most chilling plots
imaginable. "The devastation that would be caused had this plot succeeded is
just unthinkable."

But experts cast doubt on the practicalities of the plot. The airport is fed by
a series of pipelines which supply jet fuel and heating oil. In many cases the
pipes are under the tarmac and are laid to the gates where planes park.

Sabotaging one part of the system would be highly unlikely to lead to a chain
explosion. Also jet fuel does not produce an explosive force unless it is under
pressure or vaporised. The pipelines and tanks have safety valves, which would
contain any mishap.

The alleged plotters are said to have travelled repeatedly to Guyana and
Trinidad in recent months, seeking to obtain the blessing and financial backing
of an extremist Muslim group based in Trinidad and Tobago called Jamaat
al-Muslimeen.

The alleged plot is the latest to originate with Americans or in the US, and to
target the US, as opposed to plots instituted by al-Qaeda in the Middle East.

All the plots were closely monitored by intelligence agencies almost from their
inception, and all were stopped long before they could be implemented. In many
cases, the suspects are alleged to have expressed an intention to attack
targets, but lacked the financing, training and means to do so.

The latest plot has been under surveillance since at least January last year. A
year ago seven men were arrested in what officials said were the early stages of
a plot to blow up the Sears Tower in Chicago and destroy FBI offices.

Last year, authorities claimed to have stopped a plot to flood New York City
train tunnels and lower Manhattan, by blowing up tunnels under the Hudson River.

And recently six people were arrested in an alleged plot to unleash a bloody
rampage at Fort Dix in New Jersey.

All of these plots displayed amateurism. The New Jersey suspects were arrested
after they had footage of what looked like a training exercise copied to a DVD
at a local store.

OTHER RECENT PLOTS AGAINST THE U.S.

May 8, 2006

Six suspected Islamic radicals were charged with plotting to attack the Fort Dix
army base in New Jersey with rocket-propelled grenades and automatic weapons.

June 23

Seven men were charged with conspiring to blow up the Sears Tower in Chicago and
the FBI building in Miami in a mission they hoped would be "just as good or
greater" than September 11.

July 7

US officials said they had thwarted a foreign-based plot to stage a suicide
bombing of a rail tunnel in New York later in the year.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FOUR PHOTOS: Alleged plotters ... Russell Defreitas and Abdul Kadir.
Armed Port Authority Police Department officers keep watch inside the British
Airways terminal at JFK Airport in New York last August. PHOTO: AP AIRPORT
ATTACK MAIN PICTURE: A field of storage tanks on the grounds of John F. Kennedy
Airport in New York, Saturday, June 2, 2007. Authorities claim a suspected
terrorist cell planned a "chilling" attack to destroy the International Airport,
kill thousands of people and trigger an economic catastrophe by blowing up a jet
fuel artery that runs through populous residential neighborhoods. PHOTO: AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                              June 4, 2007 Monday
                                 First Edition

The terrorist plotters who wanted to make September 11 look small

BYLINE: Mark Coultan Herald Correspondent in New York and agencies

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 721 words


IT WAS a plot worthy of a disaster movie. Destroy New York's largest airport in
a dastardly explosion.

Unfortunately for the alleged plotters, not only was the idea outlandish and
highly unlikely to succeed, but authorities had been recording the conversations
of the plotters for the past 18 months.

The plot, in the words of one of the alleged ringleaders, would have caused
"greater destruction than in the September 11 attacks", and devastated the
American economy.

Four men are alleged to have planned to blow up fuel pipelines, fuel tanks, and
buildings at John F. Kennedy International Airport.

The FBI said the suspects had conducted surveillance of the airport using
photographs and satellite images downloaded from Google Earth. One of the men,
Russell Defreitas, was a retired cargo handler at the airport. Another was Abdul
Kadir, a former mayor of a Guyanese town and a former member of the Guyanese
Parliament.

He was arrested in Trinidad after a plane bound for Venezuela, in which he was a
passenger, was turned around. His wife has denied he was involved in any
terrorist plot. He is said to have been helping Defreitas, 63, to plan the
attack and secure financing for it.

Defreitas, who sells books on street corners and exports broken air-conditioners
to Guyana, was arraigned in a Brooklyn court and denied bail.

A third man, Kareem Ibrahim, was arrested in Trinidad. A fourth, Abdel Nur, is
still at large and believed also to be in Trinidad.

Defreitas was recorded by an FBI informant as allegedly saying that JFK Airport,
which handles 45 million passengers a year, was targeted because it would put
"the whole country in mourning".

"It's like you can kill the man twice," Defreitas allegedly said.

He has also boasted that he had been taught to make bombs in Guyana.

A lawyer, Roslynn Mauskopf, said it was one of the most chilling plots
imaginable. "The devastation that would be caused had this plot succeeded is
just unthinkable."

But experts cast doubt on the practicalities of the plot. The airport is fed by
a series of pipelines which supply jet fuel and heating oil. In many cases the
pipes are under the tarmac and are laid to the gates where planes park.

Sabotaging one part of the system would be highly unlikely to lead to a chain
explosion. Also jet fuel does not produce an explosive force unless it is under
pressure or vaporised. The pipelines and tanks have safety valves, which would
contain any mishap.

The alleged plotters are said to have travelled repeatedly to Guyana and
Trinidad in recent months, seeking to obtain the blessing and financial backing
of an extremist Muslim group based in Trinidad and Tobago called Jamaat
al-Muslimeen.

The alleged plot is the latest to originate with Americans or in the US, and to
target the US, as opposed to plots instituted by al-Qaeda in the Middle East.

All the plots were closely monitored by intelligence agencies almost from their
inception, and all were stopped long before they could be implemented. In many
cases, the suspects are alleged to have expressed an intention to attack
targets, but lacked the financing, training and means to do so.

The latest plot has been under surveillance since at least January last year. A
year ago seven men were arrested in what officials said were the early stages of
a plot to blow up the Sears Tower in Chicago and destroy FBI offices.

Last year, authorities claimed to have stopped a plot to flood New York City
train tunnels and lower Manhattan, by blowing up tunnels under the Hudson River.

And recently six people were arrested in an alleged plot to unleash a bloody
rampage at Fort Dix in New Jersey.

All of these plots displayed amateurism. The New Jersey suspects were arrested
after they had footage of what looked like a training exercise copied to a DVD
at a local store.

OTHER RECENT PLOTS AGAINST THE U.S.

May 8, 2006

Six suspected Islamic radicals were charged with plotting to attack the Fort Dix
army base in New Jersey with rocket-propelled grenades and automatic weapons.

June 23

Seven men were charged with conspiring to blow up the Sears Tower in Chicago and
the FBI building in Miami in a mission they hoped would be "just as good or
greater" than September 11.

July 7

US officials said they had thwarted a foreign-based plot to stage a suicide
bombing of a rail tunnel in New York later in the year.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FOUR PHOTOS: Alleged plotters ... Russell Defreitas and Abdul Kadir.
Armed Port Authority Police Department officers keep watch inside the British
Airways terminal at JFK Airport in New York last August. PHOTO: AP AIRPORT
ATTACK MAIN PICTURE: A field of storage tanks on the grounds of John F. Kennedy
Airport in New York, Saturday, June 2, 2007. Authorities claim a suspected
terrorist cell planned a "chilling" attack to destroy the International Airport,
kill thousands of people and trigger an economic catastrophe by blowing up a jet
fuel artery that runs through populous residential neighborhoods. PHOTO: AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             August 16, 2009 Sunday

Life for terror trio

LENGTH: 378  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Sept. 16 -- Three British Muslims have been sentenced to life in jail
for plotting to blow up transatlantic airliners with liquid bombs in Al
Qaeda-inspired suicide attacks on the scale of September 11.Judge Richard
Henriques said the plot was 'the most grave and wicked conspiracy ever proven
within this jurisdiction', as he passed sentence at the Crown Court in
London.'The intention was to perpetrate a terrorist outrage that would stand
alongside the events of September 11, 2001, in history,' he said.The plot,
foiled in August 2006, triggered the wide-ranging rules now in place on carrying
liquids aboard commercial aircraft.Ringleader Abdulla Ahmed Ali, 28, was
sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum 40-year term.The plot's 'chemist'
Assad Sarwar, 29, must spend a minimum of 36 years behind bars, while fellow
plotter Tanvir Hussain, 28, Ali's right-hand man, must serve at least 32
years.The counter-terrorism operation to foil the London-based plot was the
biggest ever in Britain, costing '35 million ($58 million).Henriques said:
'There is every likelihood that this plot would have succeeded but for the
intervention of the police and the security service.'A massive loss of life
would almost certainly have resulted and if the detonation was over land, the
number of victims would have been even greater still.'The plotters targeted
seven flights from London's Heathrow airport to New York, Washington, Chicago,
San Francisco, Toronto and Montreal.The flights, operated by United Airlines,
American Airlines and Air Canada, were to have been simultaneously destroyed in
mid-air.'This was a viable and meticulously planned conspiracy,' Henriques
said.The plot was 'an act of revenge inspired by extremist Islamic thinking',
aimed at 'governments of several allied forces in Iraq and Afghanistan', he
added.The tighter security measures and restrictions on liquids now seen on
flights worldwide are 'entirely attributable to this conspiracy'.The judge said
a trail of emails 'establish beyond question' that the plot was controlled,
monitored and funded from Pakistan.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more
information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 14, 2013 Thursday

USPTO Published Patent application of INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES
CORPORATION titled as "SELECTING SURVEY QUESTIONS"

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130034840, on February 07, 2013, by INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES
CORPORATION, titled as "SELECTING SURVEY QUESTIONS" for the registration of
patent.

Inventors:  Burton; Mary C.; (Springfield, IL) ; Nair; Deepa R.; (Atlanta, GA) ;
Schmidt-Wesche; Birgit; (Pound Ridge, NY) ; Shupp; Lauren; (Blacksburg, VA) ;
Sohn; Peter; (Chelmsford, MA)
Assignee:  INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORPORATION
Armonk
NY

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "For
selecting survey questions, a response module receives responses to first
questions relating to at least two qualities of at least two characteristics. A
plot module generates a scatter plot of the at least two qualities for each
characteristic. A selection module selects second questions targeted to
characteristics with characteristic plot values for the at least two qualities
in a specified region of the scatter plot."

The Patent was filed on August 3, 2011 under application No. 20130034840

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          November 17, 2001, Saturday

OSAMA-LINKED ALGERIAN FACES BOMB PLOT RAP

BYLINE: By GREG B. SMITH DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 340 words

An Algerian man has been charged with aiding terrorists trained in Osama Bin
Laden's camps in a thwarted plot to blow up Los Angeles International Airport on
the eve of the millennium.

Samir Ait Mohamed, 32, who has been in custody in Canada since last summer on
immigration violations, was charged in a complaint unsealed yesterday with
helping in the plot to set off a suitcase bomb at LAX.

Mohamed became the sixth Algerian charged in the plot, which failed when Ahmed
Ressam was caught Dec. 14, 1999, driving a rental car with explosive chemicals
into rural Washington State.

Mohamed was charged by Manhattan U.S. Attorney Mary Jo White in a criminal
complaint filed last month. White's office is overseeing the plot investigation.

He was charged with agreeing to get Ressam hand grenades and machine guns to
commit bank robberies. Mohamed knew the robberies were to raise money for
unspecified terrorist attacks on America, the complaint alleges.

Mohamed also linked Ressam up with Mokhtar Haouari, an Algerian living in
Montreal, to get fake credit cards to help pay for Ressam's terrorist plot,
prosecutors alleged. Haouari was convicted.

Ressam was convicted and agreed to cooperate with the government. He says he
told Mohamed he was trained in explosives in a Bin Laden camp in Afghanistan and
that "the U.S. would be the best target for a terrorist act."

When Ressam was caught, the FBI found a map with LAX and two other targets
circled. Ressam told them he had spent hours testing out his plot, placing
suitcases in different spots at airports to see whether they would be left
alone.

A week before the New Year's 2000 celebration, Ressam was caught in tiny Port
Angeles, Wash., on a ferry from Canada.

An Algerian living in Brooklyn, Abdelghani Meskini, was arrested there Dec. 29,
1998. He pleaded guilty and agreed to cooperate with the FBI. Another Algerian
accused of helping Ressam is being held in Algeria, while another remains in
custody in London. Both are charged in the U.S. and face extradition.


LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2001 Daily News, L.P.


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Times (London)

                             July 8, 2006, Saturday

FBI foils al-Qaeda plot to flood Wall Street

BYLINE: Tim Reid in Washington

SECTION: OVERSEAS NEWS; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 362 words


A PLOT by foreign terrorists to bomb underground train and road tunnels in New
York with the aim of flooding the Wall Street financial district has been
thwarted, the FBI said yesterday.

The main target of the Islamic extremists, one of whom is an al-Qaeda member and
under arrest in Beirut, was the Holland Tunnel, the main road link between
Manhattan and New Jersey that runs under the Hudson River. It carried almost 35
million vehicles in 2005.

The alleged plot was discovered during monitoring of internet chat rooms used by
extremists. It also involved bombing the New York subway.

Mark J. Mershon, the assistant director in charge of the FBI's New York field
office, said that there were eight principal players in the plot. Three were in
custody abroad and six nations had been involved in the investigation, he added.

None of the plotters had ever been in the US or obtained materials to stage an
attack.

The FBI added that the plotters had discussed driving vehicles laden with
explosives into several tunnels around Manhattan and then blowing them up.

Mr Mershon said that the plot would have involved "martyrdom, explosives" in
some of the tunnels that connected New Jersey and Manhattan. Earlier, FBI
officials said that information gleaned from the internet suggested that Abu
Musab al-Zarqawi, the former leader of al-Qaeda in Iraq who was killed by a US
bomb last month, had agreed to back the plot financially. But there was no
evidence that any money was sent or explosives bought.

One suspect, a Lebanese native, known as Amir al-Andalousi and an al-Qaeda
member, was arrested in Beirut a month ago on the request of US authorities.
Lebanese officials said that his real name was Assem Hammoud, and that he had
confessed.

"He was planning to travel to Pakistan for four months' training and that the
date for the attack was decided to be late 2006," the Lebanese Interior Ministry
said in a statement.

FBI officials said that the plot had been in its planning stages. The timetable
for the attack was October or November. It was also pointed out that any plan to
flood Wall Street would have failed because Lower Manhattan lies above the level
of the Hudson River.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              July 24, 2005 Sunday

REAL TO REEL SEX - BIG-SCREEN LOVE DOESN'T ALWAYS REQUIRE ACTING

BYLINE: SARA STEWART

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 89

LENGTH: 576 words


TWO actors actually have sex - a lot of it - in Michael Winterbottom's new film,
"9 Songs," which opened Friday in New York and Los Angeles. This doesn't
necessarily make for a great plot, but it has snagged major attention for an
otherwise tiny art-house flick.

"9 Songs" is hardly the first non-porn film to cause a stir with explicit
material. From mainstream classics like "The Postman Always Rings Twice" to
indie stinkers like "The Brown Bunny," even a totally unsubstantiated rumor of
real on-screen sex guarantees a place of infamy for any movie not relegated to
the "adult" category.

For many of those films, it's the only reason to watch. If you're in search of
big-screen boinks, add these titles to your DVD collection.

Title: "Last Tango in Paris'' (1972)

Plot: A man and woman have an anonymous affair in a Paris apartment

Couple: Marlon Brando and Maria Schneider

Rating: X (original 1972 director's cut) and R (studio's 1982 re-release)

Claim to fame: The stars and director Bernardo Bertolucci were indicted and then
acquitted in Italy for making pornography

Did they really do it?: No

****

Title: "Don't Look Now'' (1973)

Plot: A traumatized couple travels to Venice to get over their dead daughter

Couple: Donald Sutherland and Julie Christie

Rating: R

Claim to fame: The steaminess of the film's lone sex scene, with full-frontal
Sutherland, incited much debate about whether or not it was real

Did they really do it?: Unclear

****

Title: "In the Realm of the Senses'' (1976)

Plot: A Japanese man has an affair with one of his servants

Couple: Tatsuya Fuji and Eiko Matsuda

Rating: X

Claim to fame: Was groundbreakingly explicit for its time; sparked debate about
art vs. porn; became Madonna's favorite romance

Did they really do it?: Yes

****

Title: "The Postman Always Rings Twice'' (1981)

Plot: A drifter has an affair with the wife of a roadside caf[#x201a] owner

Couple: Jack Nicholson and Jessica Lange

Rating: R

Claim to fame: The erotic thriller, one of the first of its era, featured a
tabletop sex scene rumored to be more than just good acting

Did they really do it?: No

****

Title: "Wild Orchid'' (1990)

Plot: A lawyer and a millionaire embark on a steamy affair in Rio

Couple: Mickey Rourke and Carre Otis

Rating: R

Claim to fame: Dating at the time, Rourke and Otis snuck some seriously X-rated
material into this R-rated romp

Did they really do it?: The persistent rumor has never been confirmed by all
parties involved

****

Title: "Romance'' (1999)

Plot: A schoolteacher grows bored with her boyfriend and seeks out other men

Couple: Rocco Siffredi and Caroline Ducey

Rating: R (theatrical), unrated (uncut version)

Claim to fame: French director Catherine Breillat cast a porn star, Siffredi, in
order to ensure an on-screen erection

Did they really do it?: Yes

****

Title: "The Brown Bunny" (2004)

Plot: A man drives across the country, meeting girls along the way

Couple: Vincent Gallo and Chloe Sevigny

Rating: NR

Claim to fame: Explicit oral sex scene is the only interesting thing about
Gallo's pretentious film

Did they really do it?: Yes (though some rumors have claimed the existence of a
"stunt penis")

****

Title: "9 Songs" (2005)

Plot: In between and during rock concerts, a young couple has lots of sex

Couple: Kieran O'Brien and Margo Stilley

Rating: Unrated

Claim to fame: Film consists of nothing but actual sex scenes and concert
footage

Did they really do it?: Yes

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: - In "The Brown Bunny" (above), actual sex can't save the story.  -
Yup, "9 Songs" is the real deal. - In "The Brown Bunny" (above), actual sex
can't save the story.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                             August 11, 2006 Friday

Terror plot: Copycat plot

BYLINE: Owen Bowcott

SECTION: GUARDIAN HOME PAGES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 224 words


The genesis of plans to detonate bombs simultaneously on a number of civilian
airliners goes back to the so-called Bojinka plot by Islamist fundamentalists in
the mid-1990s.

The foiled operation has similarities to attacks planned in the Philippines and
organised by two prominent jihadi figures: Khalid Shaikh Mohammed and Ramzi
Yousef.

KSM, as he is known in US intelligence circles, was the mastermind behind the
September 11 attacks on New York and Washington. Yousef was the alleged
organiser of the underground bombing of New York's World Trade Centre in 1993.
"Bojinka" reportedly means "loud bang" or "explosion" in Serbo-Croat, a term
supposedly adopted by KSM after fighting in the Balkans.

The two jihadists moved to the Philippines in 1994 to develop their plans to
strike at the United States. The operation they proposed relied on smuggling
liquid-based explosives on board scheduled passenger services. The aim was to
bring down as many as a dozen flights, killing up to 4,000 on board planes bound
for Los Angeles, San Francisco, Honolulu and New York.

The plot was foiled when a fire broke out in an Manila apartment, which had been
converted into a bomb factory.

Chief Superintendent Rodolfo Mendoza, a Philippine police intelligence officer
who helped uncover Bojinka, said al-Qaida had to be considered as a suspect in
the UK plot.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                             April 16, 2012 Monday

Tarantino reveals plot for Django Unchained

BYLINE: Ben Childguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 467 words

ABSTRACT

Ben Child: The plot expands on the story revealed in leaks from bloggers
claiming to have read Tarantino's screenplay

FULL TEXT

Spoiler alert: This news story reveals the details of the plot of Django
Unchained.

Quentin Tarantino has revealed the synopsis for his much discussed forthcoming
film Django Unchained, billed as a western set in the deep south in the period
just prior to the American civil war.

The plot rundown expands on the backstory revealed in numerous leaks from
bloggers claiming to have read Tarantino's screenplay last year, most of whom
gave a positive verdict. It confirms that the film will begin with German-born
bounty hunter Dr King Schultz (Christoph Waltz) freeing the title character and
helping to train him in combat so that he can return to the plantation where his
wife is incarcerated in the hope of liberating her.

The synopsis reads: "Set in the South two years before the Civil War, Django
Unchained stars Academy award-winner Jamie Foxx as Django, a slave whose brutal
history with his former owners lands him face-to-face with German-born bounty
hunter Dr King Schultz (Academy award-winner Christoph Waltz). Schultz is on the
trail of the murderous Brittle brothers, and only Django can lead him to his
bounty. The unorthodox Schultz acquires Django with a promise to free him upon
the capture of the Brittles - dead or alive.

"Success leads Schultz to free Django, though the two men choose not to go their
separate ways. Instead, Schultz seeks out the South's most wanted criminals with
Django by his side. Honing vital hunting skills, Django remains focused on one
goal: finding and rescuing Broomhilda (Kerry Washington), the wife he lost to
the slave trade long ago.

"Django and Schultz's search ultimately leads them to Calvin Candie (Academy
award-nominee Leonardo DiCaprio), the proprietor of "Candyland," an infamous
plantation where slaves are groomed by trainer Ace Woody (Kurt Russell) to
battle each other for sport. Exploring the compound under false pretenses,
Django and Schultz arouse the suspicion of Stephen (Academy award-nominee Samuel
L Jackson), Candie's trusted house slave. Their moves are marked, and a
treacherous organisation closes in on them. If Django and Schultz are to escape
with Broomhilda, they must choose between independence and solidarity, between
sacrifice and survival ..."

Django Unchained began filming in California in January before shifting to
Wyoming and Louisiana. The cast also features Don Johnson as another plantation
owner, Spencer "Big Daddy" Bennett, The Wire's Michael K Williams, Walton
Goggins of the TV series Justified and rapper RZA. The film's title is a riff on
the 1966 Sergio Corbucci spaghetti western Django, though it is not known how
much of the storyline will be borrowed from its predecessor.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            August 12, 2006 Saturday

THE LONDON PLOT

BYLINE: IKRAMULLAH

LENGTH: 665 words


By Thursday noon, the UK hatched plot designed to blow up a number of planes
over the Atlantic, flying out of London and heading for various destinations in
the USA, was flashed by the electronic media, all over the world. The execution
of this holocaust, described as imminent, is said to have been foiled by very
close cooperation and timely coordination among the intelligence agencies of
Pakistan Britain and USA. The vital information about the terror plan to
simultaneously blow up many flights in mid air by terrorists through explosives
in their hand baggage was immediately passed on to MI 5 in London, as a result
of many arrests were made in Pakistan and Britain. On Friday morning, the bone
chilling details of the plot were front-page story of all newspapers in Pakistan
and indeed the rest of the world.

It is too early to say anything about the mastermind behind this deadly plot.
Experts on terrorism in Europe and the West believe that had this plot met with
a success, the consequent deaths and damage, both physical and psychological
would have been far greater than the 9/11 catastrophe. According to British and
American home security experts the London plot, if implemented, would have
rocked Europe and America beyond repair, shaking the confidence of the man in
the street in the competence and ability of their governments to handle the war
against terror in a successful manner. Almost over $3 trillion have so far been
spent on wiping out terrorism and making this earth a safe and secure place for
the present and future generations.

Islamabad has claimed a key role in thwarting the plot, which according to
Scotland Yard's Deputy Commissioner Paul Stephenson would have caused "untold
death and destruction on flights between Britain and the United States."
Interior Minister Aftab Ahmad Khan Sherpao and foreign office spokesperson
Tasneem Aslam both confirmed timely sharing of intelligence with Britain and
USA, leading to the arrests of many suspects in Pakistan and Britain.

Soon after the arrest of suspected terrorists involved in the terrorist plot,
the US Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff declared that the plot bore
the hallmarks of Usama Bin Laden's Al-Qaeda network. President Bush has labelled
the terrorists as "Islamic fascists." The White House has said that Mr Bush had
known about the foiled plot as early as Sunday last. British PM Tony Blair,
while continuing his holidays in the Caribbean, shares and supports the views of
President Bush.

There is nothing new in this consistency of the British foreign policy. What is
new and disturbing is, that in spite of solemn declaration by Bush and Blair
that terrorists have no religion or faith, they have both linked the London plot
with Islamic fascists, and then narrowed down the mastermind to Usama Bin
Laden's Al-Qaeda network. If Usama is still kicking hard in Afghanistan, Iraq
and many others "evil" states like Syria, Iran and Lebanon, should one presume
that the Al-Qaeda backbone is not yet fully broken as claimed by some?

The London plot further proves that Al-Qaeda is active on the British soil. The
war against international terrorism is proving counter-productive if one looks
at the recent state terrorism by Israel against innocent women and children in
Palestine and Lebanon. The root causes of injustice and double standards have to
be identified and a line has to be drawn while defining struggle for
independence and brutal terrorism in its naked form.

Muslims all over the world are disgusted with the present state terrorism
demonstrated during the past few weeks in Palestine and Lebanon. The tragedy in
Lebanon represents also a global failure and complacency of the highest order,
which must be attended to side by side with the acts of terrorism such as the
plot hatched by British citizens in UK. It is unfair to link it with Islam or
Islamic fascism. Terrorism or fascism have no religion and should not be linked
with any faith. E-mail: ikramullah@nation.com.pk

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Acts of Terror

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                           Copyright 2006 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           February 11, 2006 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Bush links Hambali to LA plot;
Arrest thwarted attack on skyscraper

BYLINE: MARK COULTAN, NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT, NEW YORK; With MARK FORBES

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 442 words


A PLOT by key figures in Jemaah Islamiah to hijack a civilian airliner using a
shoe bomb and fly it into the tallest skyscraper in Los Angeles was thwarted
when Thailand arrested one of the operatives, according to President George
Bush.

In a speech on Thursday, he said that in October 2001, the mastermind of the
September 11 attacks, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, had planned to hijack an aircraft
using shoe bombs to blast open the cockpit door and then fly into a building.

"We believe the intended target was Liberty Tower in Los Angeles, California,"
he said. In fact, the building he was referring to is the US Bank Tower,
commonly known as the Library Tower.

Mr Bush said Mohammed tapped a terrorist named Hambali, the operational leader
of Jemaah Islamiah, who in turn recruited several key operatives who had been
training in Afghanistan.

Once the operatives were recruited, he said, they met Osama bin Laden and then
began preparations.

Both Hambali and Mohammed have since been caught and are in United States
custody.

Last year Mr Bush made reference to 10 instances in which plots against the US
or its allies had been thwarted.

The Los Angeles plot has been well known for several years. It was previously
reported that the original plan for September 11 involved attacks on both the
east and west coasts, but this was aborted as being too ambitious.

The 9/11 commission reported that Mohammed had originally planned a bigger
attack involving as many as 10 aircraft on both coasts.

When Hambali was captured in August 2003, an Administration official said that
"al-Qaeda tasked Hambali shortly after September 11th with recruiting pilots to
participate in additional hijackings inside the United States".

But an Asian terrorism expert has played down Mr Bush's comments. Rohan
Gunaratna, head of terrorist research at the Institute for Defence and Strategic
Studies in Singapore, said intelligence reports confirmed that a leading JI
member, Hambali, was asked to assist with hijack plots. But the plans to target
California never progressed past "the very early stages", he said.

Instead, al-Qaeda focused on hijacking planes to hit landmarks in South-East
Asia. These plots disintegrated with the arrest of leading members.

Mr Bush revealed new details of the plot as he continued to justify wire-tapping
of Americans without warrants. There was no suggestion that wire-tapping in the
US provided any intelligence about the Los Angeles plan.

The speech appeared to be designed to prove that the US was making headway in
the war on terror. With his approval ratings faltering, national security is
seen as the President's strongest issue. -- With MARK FORBES

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             July 8, 2006 Saturday
                                Toronto Edition

FBI foils plot to flood Manhattan: Arrest made in plan to bomb commuter trains

BYLINE: Sheldon Alberts, with files from James Gordon, CanWest News Service;
Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 563  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - U.S. law enforcement officials said yesterday they had foiled a
plot to blow up commuter-train tunnels linking New York to New Jersey, including
those leading to Lower Manhattan, site of the 9/11 terrorist attacks.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation said it had identified eight suspects in an
emerging plot apparently designed to disrupt the U.S. economy by flooding New
York's financial district.

Lebanese security officials, working with the FBI, have arrested a man in Beirut
identified as an al-Qaeda operative and the plan's mastermind.

"We believe we intercepted this group early in the plotting and that in fact the
plan has largely been disrupted," said Mark Mershon, assistant director of the
FBI's New York field office.

"The plotting for this attack had matured to a point where it appeared that the
individuals were about to move forward. They were about to go to a phase where
they would attempt to surveil targets, establish a regimen of attack and acquire
the resources necessary to effectuate the attacks."

Calling the bombing plot "the real deal," Mr. Mershon said the suspects wanted
to launch a suicide bomb attack on PATH commuter trains. "The plan involved
martyrdom, explosives and some of the tubes that connect New Jersey to
Manhattan," he said, without giving any detail.

It is the third alleged North American bomb plot authorities said they have
disrupted in the past two months.

In June, 400 police officers arrested 17 suspects in Southern Ontario.

Two weeks ago, the FBI said it had stopped a plan by a group in Miami to blow up
Chicago's Sears Tower, though several terror experts have questioned whether
those alleged plotters had posed a serious security threat.

Mr. Mershon said several foreign intelligence agencies had helped the United
States in the latest investigation, but declined to say whether Canadian
authorities were involved or if any of the suspects had ties to Canada.

Officials in Ottawa were similarly close-mouthed.

"Just because of the nature of the investigation, I'll refrain from making any
specific comments on it," said Stockwell Day, the Public Safety Minister.

"As that investigation continues to unfold we'll see where they've all come from
but because it's ongoing at this time, I prefer not to comment.

"One thing that we know is that people who plan these despicable deeds, they
know no boundaries."

Mr. Mershon said law enforcement and intelligence agents had been monitoring "a
group of al-Qaeda followers" for almost a year through discussions in Internet
chat rooms.

Intelligence agents discovered the suspects were using code words to describe
their plans to attack tunnels, officials said.

"It had not reached anything close to being operational," said Ray Kelly, the
New York police commissioner.

But the plotters' desire to attack commuter trains shows "that New York still
remains in the crosshairs of the terrorists."

Lebanese authorities said they had arrested Assem Hammoud, 31, at the end of
April.

The man had admitted under interrogation to being the plan's mastermind and
pledged allegiance to Osama bin Laden, Mr. Mershon said. He also said he hoped
to carry out the attacks in New York in October or November.

A report in the New York Daily News said the group had received pledges of
financial aid from Jordanians with ties to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, leader of
al-Qaeda in Iraq who was killed last month.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                             August 26, 2016 Friday

QUIRKY WORLD ... Triple twins come up trumps with top results

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 544 words


Ripon Grammar School s Louisa and Katharine Chatterton achieved 22 A* and A
grades, closely followed by Lorcan and Molly Gallagher with 21 top grades and
boarding brothers Harry and George Stratford with 15.

Katharine, who is considering going to drama school after A-levels in maths,
French, English literature, and religious education, said:  We re very
independent and have different ways of working but when we got sick of being
inside revising we started going on walks and taking flash cards and reciting
facts to each other.

Grave error

USA: A Rhode Island town is asking a court to decide whether the bodies of two
men buried in the wrong plots should be exhumed and moved.

The town of Tiverton filed a complaint for declaratory judgment in Superior
Court. In October, 65-year-old Lewis Chadwick Jr was placed in the wrong family
plot at the town-operated Pocasset Hill Cemetery.

In March, 87-year-old Raymond Murray, who was supposed to be buried in that plot
, died. He was buried in Mr Chadwick s plot. His family wants him moved to the
correct plot. Mr Chadwick s family opposes any move.

Dodo sale

England: A near-complete skeleton of a dodo is expected to reach more than
£500,000 ( 585,000 in November.

The 95% finished composite skeleton is the first to come up for sale in nearly
100 years, having been painstakingly assembled by a private collector since the
1970s.

The dodo became extinct in around 1680 and the vast majority of bones were found
in the Mare aux Songes swamp in south-east Mauritius in the 19th century. It
will be sold by Sussex-based natural history specialists Summers Place Auctions
on November 22.

Super-beero

USA: Do superheroes drink beer?

WIVB-TV in Buffalo reports that police in western New York say they re looking
for a man who was wearing a Batman costume and a Captain America mask when he
walked out of a convenience store on Tuesday with two 18-packs of beer without
paying for them.

The man, described by police as in his 20s, apparently made his getaway on foot.

Roadkill stew

USA: Thieves coming across dead moose on Alaska roads are stealing the
carcasses, making away with hundreds of kilogrammes of meat that normally goes
to a programme run by state troopers that gives it to the needy and others
willing to butcher the carcasses.

Two moose killed recently by cars or trucks were to be picked up by the
trooper-sponsored programme that alerts the Alaska Moose Federation so carcasses
can be quickly delivered to recipients. But federation drivers could not find
the two dead moose in July and August when they went to roadkill sites between
Anchorage and Denali National Park, said the federation s director, Don Dyer.

Moose killed on the road are the property of the state in Alaska, and the thefts
hurt Alaskans who like moose meat and who depend on wild game to supplement
their diets, said Mr Dyer.

Sometimes there will be 10 people waiting for this moose to be delivered. Then
we have to call them up and say  sorry, this moose has been stolen .

Roadkill moose provide plenty of food because adult bulls weigh up to 750kg,
yielding more than 250kg of meat each. Alaska s cold weather allows residents to
use roadkill meat as food because carcasses stay fresh long enough for them to
be retrieved and butchered rapidly.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 28, 1993, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Terrorist probe leads to Pennsylvania farm

BYLINE: Robert Davis

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 269 words


The probe into a suspected terrorist plot in New York City extended to a
Pennsylvania farm over the weekend, when FBI agents and Navy divers searched
woods and a pond for evidence of explosives.

The FBI is investigating whether farm owner Kelvin Smith - a Muslim who runs a
shooting range and gun shop on the property northwest of Harrisburg - is linked
to the New York plot. Smith denies involvement.

And a Black Muslim group called Fuqra, suspected of 16 bombings and six murders
since 1979, is getting a closer look.

Officials say Clement Rodney Hampton-El, the only U.S.-born suspect among eight
arrested in New York Thursday, is a member of Fuqra.

He was to provide explosives for the planned New York attack, officials say.

An FBI memo lists Jews, Hindus, Buddhists, Hare Krishnas, other Muslims and the
U.S. government among Fuqra foes.

Reaction to the plot:

Secretary of State Warren Christopher, on ABC's This Week With David Brinkley,
said worldwide visa operations must be computerized "to try to keep these people
from getting into the United States."

Gen. Colin Powell, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, refused to speculate
on NBC's Meet the Press what might happen if the New York suspects were found to
be sponsored by another country. But he warned "they will not achieve any of
their objectives through the use of this horrible means of policy."

Rep. Pat Schroeder, D-Colo., of the House Armed Services Committee, said on
CBS's Face the Nation, "We've got to approach (terrorism) properly so that we
don't break the world into two new forces where it's them and us."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TERRORISM; See main story; 02A

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                             March 6, 2007 Tuesday

Itching to dig? Sign up for garden plot

BYLINE: Lancaster New Era Staff

SECTION: B; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 356  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Now that most of the snow has washed away, it's not silly to plan to rent a
garden plot at Lancaster County Central Park.

The Lancaster County Department of Parks and Recreation has garden plots
available for rent April 15 through Oct. 15. Renters can apply now.

Lancaster County residents can select either a 20-foot-by-20-foot or 20-by-40
plot. Renters pay a one-time fee of $16 for a small plot and $20 for a larger
plot. The garden plots are located off Farm View Drive, just off Golf Road in
Central Park.

Gardeners of all skill levels can rent garden plots to grow their own flowers
and vegetables. They are ideal for gardeners with limited space at home and
great for groups looking for a summer project.

Organic plots also are available. These are plots that have been free of
pesticides and herbicides for more than three years.

Additionally, the Lancaster County Department of Parks and Recreation and Penn
State Cooperative Extension Master Gardeners Program are offering a variety of
garden workshops. Most sessions take place from 7-8 p.m. and are held in the
Lancaster County Environmental Center off Eshelman Mill Road in Central Park.

Workshop dates and topics are: Tuesday, March 20, garden preparation and
vegetable/plant selection. Attendees may bring a soil sample and purchase an
analysis kit for a small fee.

Saturday, April 21, 9:30-10:30 a.m., meet at the garden plots off Farm View
Drive for garden layout and staking. The topic will be special planting methods
for potatoes, tomatoes and root crops.

Tuesday, May 15, intermediate pruning, including perennials, tools and
techniques.

Tuesday, June 19, landscaping with site analysis and the right plant for the
right place.

There is a $1 fee per workshop session, but those who rent a garden plot in
Central Park may attend free of charge and pre-registration is required.

To register for a plot or workshop, call 299-8215, or visit the park office in
Central Park, located off Chesapeake Street, Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m.- 5
p.m.

For garden plot rules and regulations or extended garden workshop topics and
dates July through October, visit www.co.lancaster.pa.us/parks.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Record

                           February 10, 2006, Friday

L.A. BOMB PLOT;
US REVEAL AL-QAEDA PLAN TO BRING DOWN SKYSCRAPER

BYLINE: By Ryan Parry

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 434 words


PRESIDENT Bush told last night how al-Qaeda tried to use suicide hijackers to
blow up the tallest building on the US west coast.

He said terrorists from southeast Asia planned to use shoe bombs to blast open
the cockpit doors of an airliner. And he claimed that once the fanatics were in
control of the jet, they would have crashed it into the 1018ft Library Tower in
Los Angeles.

Bush said the 2002 plot, which was foiled by a foreign government, showed that
al-Qaeda were still a real danger.

He insisted: "We cannot let the fact that America hasn't been attacked in
four-and-a-half years lull us into the illusion that the threats to our nation
have disappeared. They have not."

Critics accused Bush of trying to frighten voters into backing his controversial
anti-terror policy of allowing US citizens to be kept under secret surveillance
without the consent of the courts.

Bush had referred to the LA plot before, but gave more details in a speech at
the National Guard Memorial Building in Washington.

He said the attack was planned by 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, who
began working on it in October 2001.

Bush claimed that Mohammed worked closely with a south-east Asian extremist
called Hambali.

Hambali was allegedly operations chief of Jemaah Islamiyah, the Islamic terror
group with close links to al-Qaeda who murdered 202 people in the Bali bomb
attacks of 2002.

Bush said Hambali recruited south-east Asians for the LA plot because they were
less likely than Arabs to arouse suspicion.

Four hijackers were found and sent to meet Osama bin Laden.

Bush said the target of the plot was the "Liberty Tower" in downtown Los
Angeles. Aides quickly gave out the skyscraper's correct name, the Library
Tower.

The skyscraper, since renamed the US Bank Tower, has 73 floors and more than
1.3million square feet of office and retail space.

Bush said the plot was derailed when a south-east Asian nation arrested a key
al-Qaida operative. The White House refused to name the country or the terrorist
held.

The president said: "The west coast plot shows we face a relentless and
determined enemy that requires unprecedented cooperation from other nations.

"It took the combined efforts of several countries to break up this plot. By
working together, we stopped a catastrophic attack on our homeland."

Hambali and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed are both now in American custody. They are
being held in secret prisons outside the US and have allegedly faced harsh
interrogation methods.

Bush has been heavily criticised for allowing US citizens to be subjected to
eavesdropping and surveillance without court warrants.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DETAILS: Bush' TARGET: The Bank Tower stands at 1018ft

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           January 14, 2009 Wednesday
                                   D1 Edition

Fence Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 487 words


Winfield should be proud of its schools

I'm proud to say that I live in Winfield for any number of reasons, and
education is always at the top of the list. The performance of our schools
contributes to increases in our property values, personal pride and the overall
spirit of the Village. For most people searching for a community to raise a
family in, a major consideration is the performance of the public school system
and how well those schools prepare kids for higher education. These results are
a reflection of the community, the school administration, teachers, students,
and parent involvement. The children of Winfield attend schools serviced by
school districts 33, 34, 94, 200, and, in addition, St John the Baptist Catholic
School. Few communities with a population of approximately 9,000 have so many
excellent schools to work with. Winfield residents have much to be grateful for,
not least of all the high standards and excellent results of our schools.

Tony Reyes

Winfield

president, West Chicago High School District 94

Garden plot carping getting tiresome

It is getting tiresome to listen to the continuing carping of Naperville's
garden plots supporters about the "unfairness" of the park district's reasonable
compromise plan for relocating some of the plots farther south. They say the
land is to be used for "all the residents." Seems to me that use by about only
600 residents, many of them the same year after year, isn't "all the residents"
more like an exclusive little club -- once you're in, you're in. How long do
people get to keep plots? How long do they? Their complaints sound like a
typical entitlement or ownership mentality: It's mine now.

Ball and practice fields will be used by many more people that the garden plots
being moved, and the groups using them will change every year, unlike the plots.
And the number of plots isn't decreasing; no one is losing their opportunity (at
public expense, remember) to have a plot, just a different location. So the real
complaint is clear: I don't want to move; I don't want to change. We all have to
make adjustments; it's a fair plan and I hope the city council doesn't start
second-guessing a lot of hard work and micromanaging it, but approve it and get
on.

Kent Schielke

Naperville

Carlin good choice for county board

I enjoyed the article "Schillerstrom to cooperate with board in filling vacant
seat" and I believe that David Carlin would be the perfect appointee to the
DuPage County Board. Board President Bob Schillerstrom would be hard pressed to
find someone who could bring as much energy and expertise to fill the seat.
Carlin brings a fresh face to a beleaguered Republican party-along with
conservative principals to a board that has lost its way. His exceptional tenure
as a trustee of the College of DuPage gives him the credentials and leadership
skills to fill the seat-and help get our county back on track.

Rafael Rivadeneira

Elmhurst

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              KTLA-TV, Los Angeles

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 24, 2011 Friday

FBI: L.A. Man Arrested in Plot to Attack Seattle Military Recruiting Station

BYLINE: KTLA-TV, Los Angeles

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 327 words


June 24--SEATTLE, Wa -- A Los Angeles man is one of two suspects accused in a
plot to use machine guns and grenades in an attack on a military recruiting
station in Seattle that also houses a daycare, the U.S. Justice Department said
Thursday.

According to a federal complaint, Abu Khalid Abdul-Latif, aka Joseph Anthony
Davis, 33, of Seattle, and Walli Mujahidh, aka Frederick Domingue, Jr., 32, of
Los Angeles, took possession of machine guns that they purchased and planned to
use in an attack on the Military Entrance Processing Station on East Marginal
Way, Seattle.

The MEPS is where each branch of the military screens and processes enlistees.
In addition to housing many civilian and military employees, the building houses
a federal daycare center.

Agents were tipped off to the plot by someone the men tried to recruit as a
participant.

Law enforcement began monitoring Abdul-Latif and Mujahidh, including the weapons
transactions.

Agents even disabled the suspect's weapons so they posed no risk to the public.

The defendants initially planned an attack on Joint Base Lewis-McChord, but
later changed targets.

Since early June, the conspirators were captured on audio and videotape
discussing a violent assault on the Military Entrance Processing Station.

Abdul-Latif and Mujahidh are charged by complaint with conspiracy to murder
officers and employees of the United States, conspiracy to use a weapon of mass
destruction (grenades), and possession of firearms in furtherance of crimes of
violence.

Abdul-Latif is also charged with two counts of illegal possession of firearms.

Both Abdul-Latif and Mujahidh face potential sentences of life in prison if
convicted of the charges.

To see more of KTLA-TV, go to http://www.ktla.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, KTLA-TV,
Los Angeles Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110624-5LA-FBI-L-A-Man-Arrested-in-Plot
-to-Attack-Seattle-Military-Recruiting-Station-0624-20110624

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5LA


                                 Copyright 2011


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Townsville Bulletin (Australia)

                            August 12, 2006 Saturday

The New Terror It's happening again Mid-air bomb plan rocks air travellers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 743  words


AUTHORITIES in Britain and Pakistan quizzed more than 30 terror suspects
yesterday as an increasingly global dimension emerged to an alleged plot to blow
up as many as a dozen US-bound aircraft, possibly within days.

The Bank of England identified and froze the accounts of 19 of the 24 men
arrested in Britain, and Pakistan said it had helped uncover the plot with the
arrests last week of seven people, including two Britons of Pakistani origin.

The conspiracy -- which US officials said was the most serious since the
September 11, 2001, attacks -- involved terrorists smuggling seemingly innocuous
liquids in drinks bottles or other containers for assembling into bombs aboard
US-bound planes from Britain.

Chaos at British and foreign airports eased 24 hours after Britain went on
maximum alert before dawn over what one police chief called a plan to commit
'mass murder on an unimaginable scale'.

Hundreds of flights were cancelled and while airlines began yesterday to make up
the backlog, passengers were warned of delays and disruption amid heightened
security measures.

US officials estimated up to 10 planes were targeted in an operation they said
bore the imprint of Osama bin Laden's al-Qaeda terror network.

While Britain's domestic Press Association quoted senior police sources as
saying they believed up to nine planes were due to have been blown up, other
British media said between five and 12 planes were to be used.

The Independent newspaper said anti-terrorism officers staged raids to arrest
the 24 suspects, mostly believed to be of Pakistani origin, 'after it emerged
that the plotters might be ready to strike within 48 hours'.

A US intelligence official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the alleged
plot had targeted United Airlines, American Airlines and Continental Airlines
flights to New York, Washington and Los Angeles, and possibly other major hubs
such as Boston and Chicago.

According to The Washington Post, the first whiff of the alleged plot came after
the July 2005 suicide bombings on London's transit system, when a member of the
Muslim community tipped off British intelligence about the suspicious activities
of an acquaintance.

The vague tip led investigators to a well-coordinated and long-planned plot to
bomb multiple US-bound trans-Atlantic flights, a senior European intelligence
official said.

London's Metropolitan Police was brought into the investigation in December,
British media reported. Pakistani officials were also brought in.

A senior Pakistani government official said one of the two Britons was arrested
in the southern city of Karachi and the other in the eastern city of Lahore.

''The pair were key members of the Britain-based network of militants. The
arrests in Pakistan were made prior to the action in London,'' the official
said.

''They were in full knowledge of the plot to blow up the airlines, and the
information was passed on to Britain and US intelligence,'' the official added.

US President George W Bush was informed as early as Sunday of the inquiry, the
White House said.

Deputy Commissioner Peter Clarke, head of the London police's anti-terror
branch, said yesterday that police had taken 'urgent action' because the
operation had reached a 'critical point', but did not elaborate.

British Prime Minister Tony Blair's Downing St office told The Guardian daily
that he would not have left for his holiday in Barbados had he known how quickly
the situation would develop.

In announcing the freezing of the accounts, the Bank of England, Britain's
central bank, also identified 19 of the suspects.

All of those named appeared to be of Muslim origin, and were aged between 17 and
35.

US Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff indicated on Thursday that bombs
had been recovered at the homes of the arrested suspects, while The Times
reported yesterday, citing unidentified British government sources, that a
'martyrdom video', seemingly recorded by someone planning on becoming a suicide
bomber, was found at one of the homes raided by police.

British police declined to comment on what had been found.

Britain and the United States raised their threat levels, with the ensuing
higher levels of security causing severe delays at British airports, forcing
many airlines to cancel flights, and wreaking havoc on the global air traffic
network.

The security alert in Britain was raised to 'critical' -- the highest of five
levels -- from 'severe'.

Just when you thought it

was safe -- Page 41

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BUL


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Study Finds Switchgrass Can Improve Soil Quality on Eroded Farms

LENGTH: 362  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



  The loss of fertile topsoil from agricultural fields is an economic problem
for modern farmers. When runoff water washes topsoil from agricultural fields in
areas with claypan soils under the topsoil, including parts of Missouri, Iowa,
Kansas, Illinois, Oklahoma and Texas, farmers are often left with an exposed
subsoil clay layer that creates difficult conditions for growing crops.





 Now, a study from the University of Missouri College of Agriculture, Food and
Natural Resources has found that switchgrass, which is a perennial plant and
used commonly for biofuel, improves soil quality and can be grown on farms that
have lost fertile topsoil. Stephen Anderson, the William A. Albrecht
Distinguished Professor of Soil Science at MU, says that switchgrass may be a
good option for farmers who have challenges with growing other crops, provided a
good market is available for switchgrass.



 "Once a farm loses its topsoil due to erosion, the soil recovers very slowly,"
Anderson said. "Switchgrass can be grown efficiently on eroded claypan soils;
farmers who have lost their topsoil may want to consider growing this hardy
plant. Switchgrass can be harvested and sold as a biomass crop for ethanol
production or as fuel for power plants. While demand depends on the current
market for biomass crops, this could be an answer for these farmers who
otherwise have challenges obtaining good economic returns growing grain crops on
eroded land."



 For their study, Anderson and lead author Syaharudin Zaibon, a doctoral
candidate at MU, examined farming plots with varying levels of topsoil, which
were established in 2009. Each plot had varying amounts of topsoil ranging from
extra topsoil to no topsoil. Corn, soybeans and switchgrass were grown on each
plot, and after five years, the researchers examined the soil density and water
permeability of each plot. They found that the switchgrass had improved the soil
quality of the plots with little or no topsoil on which it grew.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                           September 8, 2009 Tuesday
                                  1ST Edition

Britain convicts 3 in airliner bomb plot

BYLINE: John F. Burns; New York Times News Service

SECTION: Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 814 words


Transatlantic routes | At least 7 jets were targeted for a single day

LONDON | After two trials and the largest counterterrorism investigation in
Britain's history, three men were found guilty Monday of plotting to bomb at
least seven trans-Atlantic airliners on a single day with liquid explosives
smuggled aboard in soft-drink bottles and detonated by devices powered with AA
batteries.

The convictions came three years after the global airline industry was thrown
into chaos by the plot. The bombers' plan to drain plastic soft-drink bottles
with syringes and refill them with concentrated hydrogen peroxide, a bleaching
agent also used as a propellant for rockets, led to new measures prohibiting
passengers from carrying all but small quantities of liquids and creams onto
flights.

With those measures still in force and causing backups at airport security
checkpoints around the world, the police and intelligence agencies in Britain
and the United States had waited anxiously for verdicts in the six-month trial
at Woolwich Crown Court in London, where eight men were accused of conspiracy to
stage the airliner bombings.

Prosecutors said the plot could have killed at least 1,500 people aboard the
targeted planes, which by that measure would have made it second only to the
Sept. 11 attacks as the most serious terrorist plot in modern history.

"Apart from massive loss of life, these attacks would have had enormous
worldwide economic and political significance," John McDowall, Scotland Yard's
counterterrorism chief, said after the verdicts.

In Washington, the Obama administration praised the verdict on Monday.

"British authorities have worked diligently to investigate and prosecute those
involved in the 2006 aviation plot," Mike Hammer, a National Security Council
spokesman, said in an e-mail message. "We congratulate them on those efforts and
extend our thanks to the British government for seeing these efforts through to
today's conclusion."

Last year, a trial failed to reach verdicts on the airliner-bombing charges
against the defendants then being tried.So the stakes were especially high in
the second trial for the main agencies involved in uncovering the London plot,
including Scotland Yard and Britain's intelligence agencies MI5 and MI6, as well
as the CIA, the National Security Agency and the FBI, among American agencies
involved.

The significance was all the greater because there have been no trials yet for
any of those directly involved in the Sept. 11 attacks.

After arrests in the liquid-explosives case were made in August 2006, documents
found at the plotters' homes and on a computer memory stick belonging to the
plot ringleader showed that they had earmarked airline schedules for seven
flights leaving London for New York, Washington, Chicago, San Francisco,
Montreal and Toronto, with aircraft operated by American Airlines, United
Airlines and Air Canada. Evidence at the trial showed the plot aimed to detonate
the bombs nearly simultaneously, with the aircraft over the Atlantic.

The plotters' intent, intelligence officials said, was to show that security
measures adopted after Sept. 11 were insufficient to foil the kind of
low-technology,  "asymmetric" attacks favored by Islamic extremists in their war
with the West.

Evidence at the London trial showed that several of the plotters, like those of
Sept. 11, had traveled to Pakistan and Afghanistan for indoctrination and
training by extremist groups linked to al-Qaida.

The jury found three men guilty of conspiring to kill passengers and crew
members aboard the flights: Abdulla Ahmed Ali, 28, named by prosecutors as the
plot's ringleader; Tanvir Hussain, 28; and Assad Sarwar, 29, who was identified
at the trial as the  "quartermaster" of the plot, responsible for acquiring the
explosives, detonators and other equipment and assembling them at a  "bomb
factory" in a London suburb.

A total of eight men were in the dock during the six-month trial. Four of the
eight - Ibrahim Savant, 28; Arafat Waheed Khan, 28; Waheed Zaman, 25; and Donald
Stewart-Whyte, 23 - were found not guilty of plotting to bomb the airliners. The
eighth man, Umar Islam, 31, was found guilty of an alternative charge of
conspiracy to commit murder, the charge on which Ali, Hussain and Sarwar were
convicted at the first trial that ended in September 2008.

The jury in the second trial failed to reach a verdict on the charge of
conspiracy to commit murder in the case of Savant, Khan and Zaman. It acquitted
Stewart-Whyte, who was said by defense lawyers at the trial to have converted
from Christianity to Islam only four months before his arrest.

The Crown Prosecution Service, responsible for filing charges in criminal cases,
said after the verdicts that it would review the jury's failure to reach
verdicts in the three cases of conspiracy to commit murder, and decide whether
to seek a third trial in the case.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           October 29, 2008 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Skinheads plotted to kill Obama;
THE RACE FOR POWER

BYLINE: ANNE DAVIES WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT with the Telegraph, London; The
Washington Post

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; International News; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 568 words


INVESTIGATORS in Tennessee have thwarted a plot to assassinate Senator Barack
Obama and kill 102 other black Americans in a spree fuelled by white supremacist
ideology.

In court records unsealed on Monday, federal agents said they had disrupted
plans by Daniel Cowart, 20, and Paul Schlesselman, 18, to rob a gun shop and
target a predominantly black high school, shooting 88 blacks and decapitating
another 14.

The number 88 is white supremacist shorthand for Heil Hitler - the H is the
eighth letter in the alphabet. The significance of 14 lies in a 14-word mantra:
"We must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children."

Agents said the two skinheads told investigators their final act would be an
attempt to kill Senator Obama. The two "planned to drive their vehicle as fast
as they could towards Obama, shooting at him from the windows", according to an
affidavit filed in a federal court in Jackson, Tennessee, by an agent for the
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.

But it was not clear how advanced the plot was and how they thought they would
get within reach of the candidate, who has security equalling that accorded to
the President, George Bush.

The Obama camp had no comment on the plot. It was the third such incident: a
similar plot was uncovered in Denver during the Democrat National Convention.

Secret Service agents began protecting Senator Obama, the first black
presidential nominee of a major party, on May 3 last year, three months after he
announced he was running for the Democratic nomination, the earliest Secret
Service protection has been authorised for a candidate.

The Republican candidate, John McCain, has meanwhile ratcheted up his rhetoric
against Senator Obama, claiming that a radio interview in 2001, recorded when he
was a state senator in Illinois, confirms he is a "socialist" with dangerous
plans to redistribute wealth.

Speaking about civil rights decisions of the Supreme Court, Senator Obama had
said the court did not pursue redistributive change in trying to instil greater
equality.

The issue of poverty among minorities as a consequence of years of segregation
was a cause Martin Luther King jnr had taken up when he was assassinated in 1968
in Memphis, Tennessee.

Although his remarks were heavily analytical and academic, Senator Obama spoke
warmly of the notion of redistributing wealth, suggesting there were vehicles
other than the courts to achieve this.

"One of the ... tragedies of the civil rights movement was because the civil
rights movement became so court-focused, I think there was a tendency to lose
track of the political and community organising and activities on the ground
that are able to put together the actual coalition of powers through which you
bring about redistributive change," he said. "In some ways we still suffer from
that."

The comments were first uncovered by Fox News but Senator McCain has seized on
them to brand Senator Obama the "great redistributionist-in-chief". In The
Washington Post, the Fact Checker column noted: "With very few exceptions, all
American politicians, including both presidential candidates, are in favour of a
progressive income tax system and welfare policies, such as Medicare and social
security, that 'redistribute wealth'.

"Barack Obama is more enthusiastic about 'spreading the wealth around' than his
Republican rival. But that does not make him 'a socialist'."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: "I'm asking you to believe" ... Obama supporters sing the
American national anthem during a rally at the Mellon Arena in Pittsburgh on
Monday. Photo: AP/David Guttenfelder

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             October 7, 2005 Friday

President touts 10 plots foiled Bush: 10 al Qaeda plots foiled;
Democrats assail assertion Iraq is a central front in war on terrorPresident
pushes Iraq case, says U.S., allies disrupted terror plans

BYLINE: Ken Herman, WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 878 words


WASHINGTON -- President Bush said Thursday that the war in Iraq is a crucial
front in a battle against terrorists seeking "a radical Islamic empire that
spans from Spain to Indonesia."

"Some might be tempted to dismiss these goals as fanatical or extreme," he said.
"Well, they are fanatical and extreme, and they should not be dismissed."

Bush, who spoke shortly before a terror alert was declared for New York City's
subways, said the United States and allied nations had "disrupted" at least 10
"serious al Qaeda terrorist plots" in the United States and abroad since the
Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.

Bush also mentioned disrupting at least five other al Qaeda efforts to "case
targets in the United States or infiltrate operatives into our country."

"Because of this steady progress, the enemy is wounded," Bush told the National
Endowment for Democracy, "but the enemy is still capable of global operations."

On Thursday evening, the White House released a list of the 10 alleged plots,
including three that would have involved targets in the United States. Two of
the U.S. plots involved plans to use hijacked airplanes to attack the West Coast
in mid-2002 and the East Coast in mid-2003. The third was the case of Jose
Padilla, a former Chicago gang member who converted to Islam and is accused of
plotting to detonate a radioactive "dirty bomb" in a U.S. city. Padilla, whose
plot never materialized, was designated an enemy combatant by Bush and is being
held without criminal charge at a Navy prison in South Carolina.

Counterterrorism officials said the 2002 airliner plot had been led by Khalid
Sheikh Mohammed, the alleged mastermind of the Sept. 11 hijackings who was
captured in Pakistan in 2003. The Sept. 11 commission said in its report last
year that Mohammed originally had envisioned a broader operation in which as
many as 10 aircraft would be crashed into targets on both coasts. But it
previously hadn't been disclosed publicly that he had envisioned such an attack
on the West Coast in 2002.

Bush's speech came as senior government officials described a warning from one
senior al Qaeda leader to another that attacks on civilians and videotaped
executions could jeopardize their broader cause. The warning from second-ranking
al Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the top militant
leader in Iraq, was in a 6,000-word letter, dated early July, that was obtained
by U.S. forces in Iraq, the official told The New York Times.

Bush used Thursday's speech to renew his effort to link the Iraq war with the
Sept. 11 attacks. "We still remember a proud city covered in smoke and ashes, a
fire across the Potomac, and passengers who spent their final moments on Earth
fighting the enemy," he said. "We still remember the men who rejoice in every
death, and Americans in uniform rising to duty."

He said Muslim radicals have targeted Iraq, much as they had taken over
Afghanistan before the Sept. 11 attacks.

"The terrorists regard Iraq as the central front in their war against humanity,"
Bush said, "and we must recognize Iraq as the central front in our war on
terror."

Top Democrats said that Bush was striving to make a connection that doesn't
exist and that the president's speech did nothing to assuage their doubts about
the Iraq war.

"The president continued to falsely assert there is a link between the war in
Iraq and the tragedy of September 11, a link that did not and does not exist,"
said Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev.

Reid charged that Bush's "mishandling of the war in Iraq has made us less safe,
and Iraq risks becoming what it was not before the war: a training ground for
terrorists."

On the House side, Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., said Bush is wrong in
portraying the war in Iraq as a central front in the war on terrorism.

"The president went into Iraq on the basis of a false premise, without a plan,
and has totally mismanaged the war in Iraq. And now he's trying to justify his
actions with a series of excuses that are not reasons for us to be there,"
Pelosi said.

Bush defended his Iraq policy, and challenged those who claim that the war in
Iraq has caused increased extremism: "I would remind them that we were not in
Iraq on September the 11th, 2001, and al Qaeda attacked us anyway. The hatred of
the radicals existed before Iraq was an issue, and it will exist after Iraq is
no longer an excuse."

kherman@coxnews.com.

Additional material from The New York Times and The Associated Press.

(box)

Thwarted attacks

The White House says these 10 alleged al Qaeda plots were foiled by the United
States and its allies in the past four years:

* Three reputed plots in the United States, including the alleged dirty bomb
plan that Jose Padilla has been accused, but not charged, in and two plans that
would've used hijacked airliners. One plan targeted the West Coast in mid-2002
and the other the East Coast in mid-2003.

* Three plots within Britain, including one with multiple urban targets and one
that would've using hijacked airliners to attack Heathrow Airport.

* Two attempts to bomb ships in the Arabian Gulf and the Straits of Hormuz.

* A 2003 plot to attack Westerners in Karachi, Pakistan.

* A 2003 plot to attack a tourist site outside the United States.

- The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Security was heightened at New York subways Thursday after city
officials said they had received information about threat aimed at the city's
transit system. Federal officials later downplayed the threat.
President Bush reiterated Thursday that the Iraq war was part of the broader
worldwide war on terrorism. 'The terrorists regard Iraq as the central front in
their war against humanity,' he said.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Austin American Statesman


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Sunday Mirror

                              June 3, 2007 Sunday
                                 Scots Edition

BID TO BLOW UP JFK FOILED

BYLINE: BY RUPERT HAMER DEFENCE CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 396 words


TERROR cops last night foiled a bold plot by suspected al-Qaeda terrorists to
blow up JFK airport in New York.

Four people were arrested and charged with conspiring to attack the airport by
planting explosives in the major jet fuel tanks and pipeline.

One of the suspects was a former cargo worker at the airport, who was also an
exmember of Guyana's parliament.

FBI sources said the plot never got beyond the planning stages but has raised
renewed fears of "home grown" terror cells.

One suspect was arrested in New York while others were now in custody in a
Caribbean country.

According to a statement by the US Justice Department, a suspect said in a
recorded conversation that the attacks would result in the destruction of "the
whole of Kennedy".

The plot was foiled well before it came to fruition and the FBI said there was
no threat to the public.

The law enforcement authorities said the investigation was helped by an
informant, who recorded talks with the suspects.

The plot, which dated from January 2006 to the present, tapped into an
international network of Muslim extremists from the United States, Guyana and
Trinidad.

The arrests mark the latest in a number of terror plots targeting high-profile
landmarks, including the arrest of seven men a year ago in what was called early
stages of a plot to blow up Sears Tower in Chicago.

Meanwhile, a series of security lapses have been uncovered at Birmingham
International Airport.

In one shocking image, Job Masih is caught snoozing as he was supposed to be
guarding a boarding gate.

Other security guards at the airport have also been shamed for boozing and
reading on duty. It's been revealed some even secured their jobs despite
criminal convictions.

The catalogue of security errors is exposed in a TV investigation.

The findings have been described as the most damning evidence ever into the
state of British airport security.

And the head of US Homeland Security, Bennie Thompson, has called for all
transatlantic flights from Birmingham airport to be stopped immediately.

In a six-month probe into security firm ICTS, employee Colin Cross turned
whistleblower to reveal how thousands of passengers' lives are put at risk every
day.

Several ICTS staff have been suspended. A spokesman said: "The allegations have
been taken very seriously. Investigations were launched immediately."

Terror In The Skies is on ITV1 tomorrow at 9pm.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Target: New York's JFK Airport

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2007 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 25, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

A Wife Frets After Arrest Of Husband In Bomb Plot

BYLINE: By ROBERT HANLEY,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 36; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 552 words

DATELINE: JERSEY CITY, July 24


About two hours after Matarawi Mohammed Said Saleh was arrested at a barbecue on
the Jersey Shore on Thursday night, ending his month as a fugitive, he
telephoned his wife, Stephanie, from jail to profess his love and his innocence.

"He just told me to take care of the baby and take care of myself," she said
today in her apartment here, trying to comfort their crying, 5-month-old son,
Omar. "He was telling me he loves me so much. He even swore to God to me he
didn't do it. It's hard not to believe him."

But, she said, she is having doubts about her husband's disavowal of any role in
the reported plot by Muslim militants to blow up the United Nations building,
the Holland and Lincoln tunnels and a Manhattan office building housing F.B.I.
offices.

Mrs. Saleh said that before the late-night call on Thursday, she had last talked
to her husband on June 27 -- three days after the first F.B.I. arrests in the
plot.

She said she last saw him on June 25, when they were together in a motel
"somewhere" on the Jersey Shore, and he drove away in her car. He called her
that night and on the next two nights, she said, but she did not know where he
went after that.

"If he didn't do anything, why didn't he just come here and stay?" she said.
"When you hear everything on TV, it makes you have second thoughts. Why did he
take off? Why was he hiding?"

11th Suspect

The F.B.I. has identified Mr. Saleh, 44, an Egyptian who immigrated here in the
early 1980's, as the 11th member of the foiled bomb plot. He is being held
without bail in Manhattan.

Acquaintances here said Mr. Saleh often spoke of himself as a professional scuba
diver and marine welder. His wife, a 24-year-old native of Allentown, Pa., said
he talked of doing both years ago in Europe.

But, she said, since she met him here in September 1991, she had known him only
to sell clothing, sneakers and electronic equipment at a flea market in Union
City, N.J..

A Federal law-enforcement official said on Friday that it was believed that Mr.
Saleh had recently worked on a marine-welding project in the Caribbean. The
official gave no other details. But Mrs. Saleh said that before this month, her
husband had not been away for any extended periods.

Mrs. Saleh, whose maiden name is Singley, said she and Mr. Saleh were married in
November 1991 in the Jersey City home of an imam who preached at the Al Salam
mosque on Kennedy Boulevard here. She described her husband as a devout Muslim
who worshiped at the mosque, where several other suspects in the foiled bomb
plot, as well as other Muslims charged in the bombing of the World Trade Center
in February, also prayed.

Mrs. Saleh said she knew several of the suspects "by sight," including Siddig
Ibrahim Siddig Ali, described as the mastermind of the plot.

Federal authorities said yesterday that they believed Mr. Saleh had spent the
last month in New York City, Jersey City and elsewhere in New Jersey.

When arrested at a seaside motel in North Wildwood, N.J., Mr. Saleh was with a
friend, Ashraf Mohammed, 31; Mr. Mohammed's wife, Evelyn Cortez of Jersey City;
her three children, and a woman whom the authorities have not identified.

Ms. Cortez is Mr. Saleh's former wife. They were married during the 1980's and
he is the father of her 5-year-old son, Tony.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Switchgrass may be a good option for farmers who have lost fertile topsoil

LENGTH: 544  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



 The loss of fertile topsoil from agricultural fields is an economic problem for
modern farmers. When runoff water washes topsoil from agricultural fields in
areas with claypan soils under the topsoil, including parts of Missouri, Iowa,
Kansas, Illinois, Oklahoma and Texas, farmers are often left with an exposed
subsoil clay layer that creates difficult conditions for growing crops. Now, a
study from the University of Missouri College of Agriculture, Food and Natural
Resources has found that switchgrass, which is a perennial plant and used
commonly for biofuel, improves soil quality and can be grown on farms that have
lost fertile topsoil. Stephen Anderson, the William A. Albrecht Distinguished
Professor of Soil Science at MU, says that switchgrass may be a good option for
farmers who have challenges with growing other crops, provided a good market is
available for switchgrass.





 "Once a farm loses its topsoil due to erosion, the soil recovers very slowly,"
Anderson said. "Switchgrass can be grown efficiently on eroded claypan soils;
farmers who have lost their topsoil may want to consider growing this hardy
plant. Switchgrass can be harvested and sold as a biomass crop for ethanol
production or as fuel for power plants. While demand depends on the current
market for biomass crops, this could be an answer for these farmers who
otherwise have challenges obtaining good economic returns growing grain crops on
eroded land."



 For their study, Anderson and lead author Syaharudin Zaibon, a doctoral
candidate at MU, examined farming plots with varying levels of topsoil, which
were established in 2009. Each plot had varying amounts of topsoil ranging from
extra topsoil to no topsoil. Corn, soybeans and switchgrass were grown on each
plot, and after five years, the researchers examined the soil density and water
permeability of each plot. They found that the switchgrass had improved the soil
quality of the plots with little or no topsoil on which it grew.



 "Claypan layers have lower water permeability, making it more difficult for
plants to receive water and for farmers to obtain good economic returns from
grain crops when the silt loam topsoil is lost from these areas," Anderson said.
"This lower permeability prevents oxygen and water from seeping into the eroded
soil. We found that over a number of years, the switchgrass was able to
increase, or improve, the water permeability into this eroded soil, leading to
an 11 percent higher water saturation than the areas where corn and soybeans
were grown. This study shows that not only can switchgrass grow in these eroded
claypan soil areas, but it actually can improve the soil over time, potentially
opening the door for better production of grain crops subsequently grown in
those areas."



 This study was published in the Soil Science Society of America Journal.
Additional authors include Newell Kitchen, soil scientist with the USDA-ARS
Cropping Systems and Water Quality Unit and an adjunct professor at MU, and
Samuel Haruna, a doctoral student at MU.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Switchgrass may be a good option for farmers who have lost fertile topsoil

LENGTH: 544  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



 The loss of fertile topsoil from agricultural fields is an economic problem for
modern farmers. When runoff water washes topsoil from agricultural fields in
areas with claypan soils under the topsoil, including parts of Missouri, Iowa,
Kansas, Illinois, Oklahoma and Texas, farmers are often left with an exposed
subsoil clay layer that creates difficult conditions for growing crops. Now, a
study from the University of Missouri College of Agriculture, Food and Natural
Resources has found that switchgrass, which is a perennial plant and used
commonly for biofuel, improves soil quality and can be grown on farms that have
lost fertile topsoil. Stephen Anderson, the William A. Albrecht Distinguished
Professor of Soil Science at MU, says that switchgrass may be a good option for
farmers who have challenges with growing other crops, provided a good market is
available for switchgrass.





 "Once a farm loses its topsoil due to erosion, the soil recovers very slowly,"
Anderson said. "Switchgrass can be grown efficiently on eroded claypan soils;
farmers who have lost their topsoil may want to consider growing this hardy
plant. Switchgrass can be harvested and sold as a biomass crop for ethanol
production or as fuel for power plants. While demand depends on the current
market for biomass crops, this could be an answer for these farmers who
otherwise have challenges obtaining good economic returns growing grain crops on
eroded land."



 For their study, Anderson and lead author Syaharudin Zaibon, a doctoral
candidate at MU, examined farming plots with varying levels of topsoil, which
were established in 2009. Each plot had varying amounts of topsoil ranging from
extra topsoil to no topsoil. Corn, soybeans and switchgrass were grown on each
plot, and after five years, the researchers examined the soil density and water
permeability of each plot. They found that the switchgrass had improved the soil
quality of the plots with little or no topsoil on which it grew.



 "Claypan layers have lower water permeability, making it more difficult for
plants to receive water and for farmers to obtain good economic returns from
grain crops when the silt loam topsoil is lost from these areas," Anderson said.
"This lower permeability prevents oxygen and water from seeping into the eroded
soil. We found that over a number of years, the switchgrass was able to
increase, or improve, the water permeability into this eroded soil, leading to
an 11 percent higher water saturation than the areas where corn and soybeans
were grown. This study shows that not only can switchgrass grow in these eroded
claypan soil areas, but it actually can improve the soil over time, potentially
opening the door for better production of grain crops subsequently grown in
those areas."



 This study was published in the Soil Science Society of America Journal.
Additional authors include Newell Kitchen, soil scientist with the USDA-ARS
Cropping Systems and Water Quality Unit and an adjunct professor at MU, and
Samuel Haruna, a doctoral student at MU.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             July 10, 2010 Saturday

United States charges men in NY, Britain bomb plots

LENGTH: 485  words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK, July 10 -- The United States charged five men on Wednesday with
plotting to bomb New York City's subway system and attack an unidentified target
in Britain under orders from al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan.Another two men -
Najibullah Zazi and Zarein Ahmedzay - have already pleaded guilty to the New
York subway bomb plot, which authorities foiled in September and described as
the most serious threat to New York since the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks.

Adnan El Shukrijumah, Adis Medunjanin, Abid Naseer, Tariq Ur Rehman, and a fifth
man known as "Ahmad," were charged on Wednesday with 10 counts, including
conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction and to commit murder in a foreign
country. Medunjanin, who attended a New York high school with Zazi and Ahmedzay,
was arrested in January and has pleaded not guilty to charges related to the
subway plot. New charges on Wednesday accused him of trying to crash his car
into another car in New York in a last bid to carry out a suicide attack. The
indictment said Shukrijumah, who is accused of being an al Qaeda operations
leader, and Ahmad "recruited and directed ... Adis Medunjanin, Najibullah Zazi
and Zarein Ahmedzay to conduct a terrorist attack in the United States."

The New York plot was linked to the British plot by Ahmad, prosecutors said.
Ahmad, an accused al-Qaeda facilitator in Peshawar, Pakistan, communicated with
Zazi about the New York plot and with Naseer about a British plot, they said.
Naseer and Rehman were among 12 men detained on terrorism charges after a raid
in northwest England in April 2009. Officials said they found surveillance
photos of public areas in Manchester, but authorities did not have enough
evidence to charge the men and they were released.

Naseer was arrested again in England on Wednesday and is awaiting extradition to
the United States. Rehman, Shukrijumah and Ahmad are still at large.

The FBI has long said that Saudi Arabian native Shukrijumah, who has a Guyanese
passport, was a threat to the United States and there is a $5 million reward for
his capture. Shukrijumah has also been linked by U.S. authorities to other
terrorism suspects, including a group of men accused of planning to bomb fuel
pipelines at New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport. U.S. prosecutors
also said Saleh al-Somali, al Qaeda's head of international operations, and
Rashid Rauf, a British al Qaeda militant suspected of being the ringleader of a
2006 plot to blow up airliners over the Atlantic, helped plan the failed New
York subway attack. Both are believed to be dead. No explosives were found in
the New York case, but Zazi admitted receiving bomb-making and weapons training
from al Qaeda in Pakistan's Waziristan region bordering Afghanistan Published by
HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on
news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 2, 1990, Monday, FIRST EDITION

U.S. reportedly will detain Muslim cleric

BYLINE: Jack Kelley; Sandra Sanchez

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 549 words


Justice Department officials have decided to take Sheik Omar Abdel-Rahman into
custody but will not charge him in connection with a plot to bomb U.N.
headquarters and other sites, media reports said.

"The pressure has been building," says William Lewis, George Washington
University Middle East expert. "He's more than just a force of agitation."

Rahman, 55, is a blind Islamic cleric. Some of his followers were charged with
the Feb. 26 World Trade Center bombing and last month's plot to bomb the United
Nations and other New York landmarks. He'll be held on immigration charges, ABC,
CBS and The Associated Press reported. Justice officials refused comment.

Other news reports say government investigators have secretly recorded tapes
indicating Rahman had prior knowledge of the bombing plots.

U.S. officials let Rahman into the country in 1990 by mistake. He was granted
permanent residency in April 1992, but that was revoked in March 1992. He's
appealing.

Nine people have been arrested in the plot, and the sheik has acknowledged that
the man the FBI says was the group's ringleader acted as his interpreter.

Also Thursday, a prosecutor said the nine considered bombing the George
Washington Bridge. - Jack Kelley

LOTTO MANIA: Michigan's School Aid Fund got a bonus as no one came forward to
claim an $ 18 million Lotto jackpot - the largest unclaimed prize since the
state's lottery began in 1972. The winning ticket was purchased July 1, 1992, at
a 7-Eleven store in Hillsdale. In Florida, the winner of a $ 29.1 million
jackpot has not come forward. The winner has 180 days from last Saturday's
drawing to turn in the ticket. And Georgia officials reported first-day sales of
a lottery that started Tuesday reached $ 10 million.

LIFE 'LESSONS': William Kennedy Smith, acquitted of rape in 1991, says his life
is back to normal. "I think I have more perspective - it's so easy to lose,"
Smith told the Albuquerque Journal. "I do take lessons from my experiences, but
I try not to get wrapped up in an endless cycle of analysis." Also, The
Washington Post reports Smith's lawyer, Roy Black, is dating Lea Haller, a juror
from the trial.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, AP

TYPE: Nationline

THE NATION; FROM USA TODAY'S NATIONAL NEWS NETWORK

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                            October 30, 2005, Sunday

Grave problem

BYLINE: By Officials want to

LENGTH: 585 words



Following a price hike earlier this year for opening and closing graves at
Decatur City Cemetery, officials are preparing a request to nearly triple the
cost of a burial plot.

An adult plot would go from $ 250, including perpetual care, to $ 700, and an
infant plot would go from $ 100, including perpetual care, to $ 200, Parks and
Recreation Director Jeff Dunlap said. The increases require Decatur City Council
approval.

Earlier this year, the Parks and Recreation Board changed the charges for
opening and closing graves at the city cemetery from $ 165 on weekdays and $ 200
on weekends to prices ranging from $ 100 to $ 500. Those fees didn't require
council approval.

Dunlap said officials began discussing a price increase last year.

The last increase was 25 years ago. The cemetery has more than 2,000 plots for
sale and space to accommodate another 1,000 plots. At the current rate of sales,
it won't be full for more than 50 years, but officials said they need to begin
now to build the fund used to pay for perpetual care, including maintenance of
the graves, lawn care and driveways.

"It's not going to be that long before we're sold out, and there's no more money
coming in for the cemetery," cemetery clerk Jeannine Hill said.

"Perpetual care has to pay for maintenance," Dunlap said. "The city has to
maintain it for eternity."

A survey showed that the new prices would still be cheaper than area cemeteries,
officials said. Huntsville has nine cemeteries. Maple Hill charges $ 1,000 to $
1,900 per plot and $ 395 to $ 450 to open and close graves. Roselawn in Decatur
charges $ 795 to $ 1,495 for a plot and $ 645 to $ 695 to open and close.
Burningtree charges $ 995 for a plot and $ 795 to open and close.

Mayor Don Kyle said he's not sure when the new rates will be introduced or
whether he can get the council to support them. However, the rates need to
increase to help take pressure off the city operating budget, he said.

The cemetery fund contains about $ 610,000 in 2005. Interest raised $ 18,000 for
maintenance. Plot sales and grave openings and closings generated another $
37,000, but the annual maintenance cost is roughly $ 175,000 and must be
supplemented by tax funds.

"We're at a point where even if we sold all the remaining lots with the
increased fee, there still wouldn't be enough in the fund to maintain the
cemetery without general fund subsidies every year," Kyle said. "People were
buried there for years without perpetual care deposits."

There's no way to charge enough to ever end the city subsidy, but the city needs
to charge rates similar to other cemeteries to reduce the subsidies, Kyle said.

"We need to face the reality of the cost of operating the cemetery," he said.
"Private operators have to charge enough to fund perpetual care 100 percent. We
couldn't charge enough for the remaining lots to maintain the cemetery. That old
cemetery is extremely high maintenance because of the variety of shapes and
sizes and positions of the old-fashioned headstones."


-----

To see more of The Decatur Daily, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.decaturdaily.com

Copyright (c) 2005, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: DD-1030-CEMETERY-COSTS-20051030

JOURNAL-CODE: DD

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                   Copyright 2005 The Decatur Daily (Alabama)


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                            August 10, 2006 Thursday

British authorities thwart terrorist plot to blow up several aircraft to U.S.

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 1351 words


LONDON - British authorities said Thursday they thwarted a terrorist plot to
simultaneously blow up several aircraft heading to the U.S. using explosives
smuggled in hand luggage, averting what police described as "mass murder on an
unimaginable scale."

Police arrested 21 people, saying they were confident they captured the main
suspects in what U.S. officials said was a plot in its final phases that had all
the earmarks of an al-Qaida operation. President Bush called it a "stark
reminder" of the continued threat to the United States from extremist Muslims.

Officials raised security to its highest level in Britain suggesting a terrorist
attack might be imminent and banned carry-on luggage on all flights. Huge crowds
backed up at security barriers at London's Heathrow airport as officials
searching for explosives barred nearly every form of liquid outside of baby
formula.

U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff said the terrorists planned to
use liquid explosives disguised as beverages and other common products and set
them off with detonators disguised as electronic devices.

The extreme measures at a major international aviation hub sent ripples
throughout the world. Heathrow was closed to most flights from Europe, and
British Airways canceled all its flights between the airport and points in
Britain, Europe and Libya. Numerous flights from U.S. cities to Britain were
canceled.

Washington raised its threat alert to its highest level for commercial flights
from Britain to the United States amid fears the plot had not been completely
crushed. The alert for all flights coming or going from the United States was
also raised slightly.

Two U.S. counterterrorism officials said the terrorists had targeted United,
American and Continental airlines. They spoke on condition of anonymity because
of the sensitivity of the case.

A U.S. intelligence official said the plotters had hoped to target flights to
major airports in New York, Washington and California.

British Home Secretary John Reid said the 21 people were arrested in London, its
suburbs and Birmingham following a lengthy investigation, including the alleged
"main players" in the plot. Searches continued in a number of locations.

The British Broadcasting Corp. said police were evacuating homes in High
Wycombe, a town 30 miles northwest of London, near one of the houses being
searched. Police refused to confirm the report or to discuss any details of the
searches.

Bush said during a visit to Green Bay, Wis., that the foiled plot was a "stark
reminder that this nation is at war with Islamic fascists." Despite increased
security since Sept.

11, he warned, "It is a mistake to believe there is no threat to the United
States of America."

While British officials declined to publicly identify the 21 suspects, French
Interior Minister Nicolas Sarkozy said in Paris that they "appear to be of
Pakistani origin." He did not give a source for his description, but said French
officials had been in close contact with British authorities.

The suspects were "homegrown," though it was not immediately clear if they were
all British citizens, said a British police official who spoke on condition of
anonymity because of the sensitivity of the case. Police were working closely
with the South Asian community, the official said.

The suicide bombing assault on London subway trains and a bus on July 7, 2005,
was carried out by Muslim extremists who grew up in Britain.

The police official said the plotters intended to simultaneously target multiple
planes bound for the United States.

"We think this was an extraordinarily serious plot and we are confident that
we've prevented an attempt to commit mass murder on an unimaginable scale,"
Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Stephenson said.

Prime Minister Tony Blair, vacationing in the Caribbean, briefed Bush on the
situation overnight. Blair issued a statement praising the cooperation between
the two countries, saying it "underlines the threat we face and our
determination to counter it."

White House spokesman Tony Snow said Bush also had been briefed by his aides
while at his ranch in Crawford, Texas, where he has been on vacation.

"We do believe the plot involved flights from the U.K. to the U.S. and was a
direct threat to the United States," Snow said. While Snow called the plot a
serious threat, he assured Americans that "it is safe to travel."

Chertoff, the homeland security chief, said the plot had the hallmarks of an
operation planned by al-Qaida, the terrorist group behind the Sept. 11 attack on
the United States.

"It was sophisticated, it had a lot of members and it was international in
scope. It was in some respects suggestive of an al-Qaida plot," Chertoff said,
but he cautioned it was too early in the investigation to reach any conclusions.

It is the first time the red alert level in the Homeland Security warning system
has been invoked, although there have been brief periods in the past when the
orange level was applied. Homeland Security defines the red alert as designating
a "severe risk of terrorist attacks."

"We believe that these arrests (in London) have significantly disrupted the
threat, but we cannot be sure that the threat has been entirely eliminated or
the plot completely thwarted," Chertoff said.

He added, however, there was no indication of current plots within the United
States.

Chertoff said the plotters were in the final stages of planning. "We were really
getting quite close to the execution phase," he said, adding that it was unclear
if the plot was linked to the upcoming fifth anniversary of the Sept. 11 terror
attacks.

A senior U.S. counterterrorism official said authorities believe dozens of
people possibly as many as 50 were involved in the plot. The official spoke on
condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the situation.

The plan involved airline passengers hiding masked explosives in carry-on
luggage, the official said. "They were not yet sitting on an airplane," but were
very close to traveling, the official said, calling the plot "the real deal."

Passengers in Britain faced delays as tighter security was hastily enforced at
the country's airports and additional measures were put in place for all
flights. Laptop computers, mobile phones, iPods, and remote controls were among
the items banned from being carried on board.

Liquids, such as hair care products, were also barred on flights in both Britain
and the U.S.

In the mid-1990s, officials foiled a plan by terrorist mastermind Ramzi Youssef
to blow up 12 Western jetliners simultaneously over the Pacific. The alleged
plot involved improvised bombs using liquid hidden in contact lens solution
containers.

Huge lines formed at ticket counters and behind security barriers at Heathrow
and other airports in Britain.

Ed Lappen, 55, a businessman from Boston, who was traveling with his wife and
daughter to Russia, found himself unable to travel further. "We're safe, we're
OK," he said at Heathrow. "Now my daughter is going to get a shopping trip in
London." Hannah Pillinger, 24, seemed less concerned by the announcement. "Eight
hours without an iPod, that's the most inconvenient thing," she said, waiting at
the Manchester airport.

Most European carriers canceled flights to Heathrow because of the massive
delays created after authorities enforced strict new regulations banning most
hand baggage.

Tony Douglas, Heathrow's managing director, said the airport hoped to resume
normal operations Friday, but passengers would still face delays and a ban on
cabin baggage "for the foreseeable future."

Security also was stepped up at train stations serving airports across Britain,
said British Transport Police spokeswoman Jan O'Neill. At London's Victoria
Station, police patrolled platforms with bomb-sniffing dogs as passengers
boarded trains carrying clear plastic bags.

Margaret Gavin, 67, waiting to board a train, said she wasn't scared. "Why
should I change my life because some idiots want to blow something up?" she
said.

Associated Press writers Lara Jakes Jordan in Washington and Matt Moore in
Frankfurt, Germany, contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                           October 12, 2011 Wednesday

U.S. ties Iran to foiled plot to assassinate Saudi ambassador

LENGTH: 710 words


The Obama administration Tuesday accused Iranian agents of being involved in a
plan to assassinate the Saudi ambassador to the United States.

WASHINGTON: The Obama administration Tuesday accused Iranian agents of being
involved in a plan to assassinate the Saudi ambassador to the United States.

Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said the thwarted plot would further
isolate Tehran.Two people, including a member of Iran's special operations unit
known as the Quds Force, were charged in New York federal court. Justice
Department officials say they were working with a person they thought was an
associate of a Mexican drug cartel to target the Saudi diplomat, Adel al-Jubeir.
But their contact was an informant for the Drug Enforcement Agency who told U.S.
authorities about all their planning.

FBI Director Robert Mueller said many lives could have been lost in the plot to
kill the ambassador with bombs in the U.S. But Preet Bharara, the U.S. attorney
in Manhattan, said no explosives were actually placed and no one was in any
danger because of the informant's cooperation with authorities.

Attorney General Eric Holder said the U.S. would hold Iran accountable. Clinton
told the Associated Press the Treasury Department soon would put more people
under sanctions. She also predicted the plot would further isolate Iran.

Holder said the plot was a flagrant violation of U.S. and international law.

"We will not let other countries use our soil as their battleground," Bharara
said at a press conference in Washington with Holder and FBI Director Robert
Mueller.

Holder later added the United States would contact governments worldwide to
brief them on the alleged plot.

"One thing that we will be doing is getting in touch with other of our allies
and nations around the world to make them aware of what it is that was thwarted
here," he said.

Iran rejected the U.S. claims, with IRNA, the official Iranian news agency,
calling the accusations "America's new propaganda scenario" against the Tehran
government. It did not elaborate.

Alizreza Miryusefi, the press attache at Iran's mission to the United Nations,
said Tuesday that the accusation was "totally baseless" and that a full
statement would be issued shortly.

Manssor Arbabsiar, a 56-year-old U.S. citizen who also holds an Iranian
passport, was charged along with Gholam Shakuri, whom authorities said was a
Quds Force member and is still at large in Iran.

Justice Department officials say Arbabsiar approached the DEA informant in
Mexico to ask about his knowledge of explosives for a plot to blow up the Saudi
Embassy in Washington. But through subsequent conversations in English, secretly
recorded for U.S. authorities, Arbabsiar offered $1.5 million for the death of
the ambassador, perhaps at a purported favorite restaurant of his despite the
possibility of mass casualties.

Asked whether the plot was given the blessing of the top echelons of the Iranian
government, Holder said the Justice Department was not making that accusation.
Arbabsiar did not know he was trying to hire a DEA informant to carry out the
plot, prosecutors said. Posing as an associate of a Mexican drug cartel, the
informant met with Arbabsiar several times in Mexico, authorities said. The
price tag was $1.5 million and Arbabsiar made a $100,000 down payment wired from
an overseas account.

Arbabsiar was arrested Sept. 29 at New York's John F. Kennedy International
Airport. He was scheduled to appear in federal court Tuesday. Prosecutors said
he faces up to life in prison if convicted.

Prosecutors said Arbabsiar has confessed to his participation in the murder plot
.

President Barack Obama was first briefed on the plot in June, said White House
spokesman Tommy Vietor.

"The disruption of this plot is a significant achievement by our intelligence
and law enforcement agencies, and the president is enormously grateful for their
exceptional work in this instance and countless others," Vietor said.

Saudi Arabia branded the plot "despicable," saying it violated "The principles
of humanity."

"The Royal Embassy of Saudi Arabia would like to express its appreciation to the
responsible agencies of the U.S. government for preventing a criminal act from
taking place," the Saudi Embassy in Washington said in a statement.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2011 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (New York)

                             June 17, 2004 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

THE PLOT AL QAEDA HAD EVEN BIGGER PLANS

BYLINE: BY HELEN KENNEDY DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; DAILY NEWS SPECIAL REPORT; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1062 words


WASHINGTON - If he couldn't hit the World Trade Center, hijacker Mohamed Atta
planned to turn the nose of his giant passenger jet down into the canyons of
Manhattan and plow the plane into the streets. That revelation was just part of
yesterday's terrifying 9/11 Commission report detailing for the first time the
original dimensions of the plot.

As spectacular and deadly as the attacks turned out to be, they originally were
going to be much, much bigger:

Ten planes crashing at once in New York, Washington, Los Angeles and Seattle,
possibly targeting the Capitol building while Congress was in session, Seattle's
Space Needle and unnamed nuclear plants.

And amid all the carnage and hysteria, a TV network would have gotten a phone
call from one of the hijacked planes, still aloft. On board, mastermind Khalid
Shaikh Mohammed would denounce U.S. Mideast policies as all the men aboard were
being killed.

Based on previously secret interrogations of Mohammed, the commission's report
detailed a plot that took years of planning, that was nearly sunk by squabbling
and would-be hijackers who got cold feet. The plan eventually was scaled down,
even though it still resulted in the most devastating attack on U.S. soil.

An early part of the plan - pushed hard by Osama Bin Laden - was to carry out
the plot when Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon was visiting the White House
in the early summer of 2001.

The report portrayed Bin Laden as antsy and demanding, always trying to move up
the date of the attacks and hit more targets.

Earlier, Bin Laden wanted the hijackings carried out in mid-2000, incensed by
Sharon's visit to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem.

"The Al Qaeda leader wanted to punish the United States for supporting ­Israel,"
the report says flatly - a far more concrete reason for the attacks than has
been profferred until now.

The hijackers were not ready, though.

Some had just arrived in the United States, others still were on the way. The
pilots still were learning to fly.

Mohammed kept putting Bin Laden off. He told interrogators he never bothered to
tell Atta or the other ­pilots about the pressure from Bin Laden "because he
knew they would move forward when they were ready."

The wheels had been in motion for years by then.

Mohammed, a jihadist since the age of 16, had been thinking about using planes
as weapons since 1994, when he plotted with his nephew Ramzi Yousef, the
mastermind of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, to blow up a dozen planes
­simultaneously over the Pacific.

In 1996, he went to Afghanistan to meet with Bin Laden and pitch a new idea:
crashing 10 hijacked planes into buildings.

It took Bin Laden until 1999 to give the okay. He summoned Mohammed back to
Kandahar to give him four men eager to martyr themselves and draw up a list of
targets. There was some argument: Bin Laden preferred hitting the White House,
Mohammed the Capitol.

(As late as two days before Sept.11, 2001, the target had not been fixed.

But the report said Atta chose the second week of September so that the Congress
would be in session.)

Early scenarios included also flying planes into American targets in Japan,
­Singapore or Korea and blowing up planes in midair over the Pacific as jets
were crashing in the U.S.

Coordination between so many time zones finally was deemed too difficult. And
Bin Laden personally scrapped Mohammed's idea of piloting one of the planes
himself, killing all the men, landing it and holding a press conference.

Training began. Mohammed taught some of the operatives basic English and showed
them how to make travel reservations, use the Internet and encode
communications.

"They also used flight simulator computer games and analyzed airline schedules
to figure out flights that would be in the air at the same time," the report
said.

The first hijackers to arrive in the U.S. - Nawaf Alhazmi and Khalid Almihdhar -
landed in Los Angeles on Jan. 15, 2000.

But they were lousy students. They enrolled at three different language schools
but never went to class and were dismal failures at flying school.

There were other setbacks.

At least nine would-be hijackers - Bin Laden originally envisioned 26 - failed
to get into the U.S.

Squabbling between the group leader, Mohamed Atta, and pilot Ziad Jarrah got so
bad that Jarrah almost packed up and went home. He was different from the
others: He drank beer, frosted his hair, went to nightclubs and had a serious
girlfriend in Hamburg.

Khalid Mohammed began to groom another jihadist, Zacarias Moussaoui, who is in
custody - to take Jarrah's place. ­Mohammed messaged a coordinator to send "the
skirts" to "Sally" - code for money for Moussaoui.

In the end, they convinced Jarrah, pilot of Flight 93, which crashed in
Pennsylvania, to go through with it.

Back in Afghanistan, Bin Laden was fending off Taliban leader Mullah Mohammed
Omar, who did not want any attacks inside the United States, fearing
retaliation.

In the last week before the attacks, as the teams were gathering in place, Atta
flew back and forth for final meetings.

On Sept. 7, he went from Fort Lauderdale to Baltimore to meet with the team that
would crash Flight 77 into the Pentagon. They were staying at a hotel in Laurel,
Md., and filling their final days with workouts at a nearby gym.

Zooming north through Maryland on ­I-95 to his team's staging area in Newark,
Jarrah got busted for speeding just after midnight on Sept. 9.

That day, Atta flew to Boston to check in with the team heading for Flight 175,
which crashed into the south tower.

He then drove to Portland, Maine, with one of his henchmen. The two men would
take a commuter flight back to Boston on the day of the attacks to throw off
suspicion at Logan Airport before boarding Flight 11, which crashed into the
north tower.

The detour almost cost them the connection in Boston. As it was, their luggage
never made it onto the doomed plane.

The bags, found later, contained a folding knife and pepper spray - "presumably
extra weapons the two conspirators decided they didn't need," the report said.

hkennedy@edit.nydailynews.com

GRAPHIC. the 10 targets.

Washington Seattle Space Needle

California Unspecified target in Los Angeles.

Jets leaving from these Asian cities would explode in midair:

Bangkok, Thailand Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia

WASHINGTON D.C. CIA offices FBI offices White House Capitol building

Unspecified nuclear power plants

New York World Trade Center

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC;MAP, Ringleader Mohamed Atta would crash a jet into the streets
of Manhattan if he couldn't hit the Trade Center. Osama Bin Laden wanted to
punish the U.S. for its support of Israel. Mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed
planned personally to commandeer one of 10 hijacked jets and kill the men on
board. Bin Laden wanted to carry out the plot when Israeli Prime Minister Ariel
Sharon was at the White House in early summer 2001. The Seattle Space Needle was
a potential target.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           January 25, 2014 Saturday

DuPage County in 60 seconds

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 418 words


Bee hives at garden plots:

Naperville Park District is working with a local beekeeper to bring four
honeybee hives to the community garden plots on West Street this summer. Brad
Wilson, director of recreation, said the bees will help with pollination of
vegetables and fruits gardeners grow at their plots. The park district also
plans to use the hives to educate residents and gardeners about the role of
honeybees in the growth of crops and about colony collapse disorder, which is
decreasing honeybee populations. Priority registration for previous gardeners
ends Feb. 7 and new gardeners can begin applying for plots Feb. 24. For details
about the park district's garden plots and the honeybees, call (630) 848-5040 or
visit napervilleparks.org/gardenplots.

West Chicago Sister Cities:

Guest speaker David Sabathne will discuss the relationship between West Chicago
and Taufkirchen, Germany, when the West Chicago Sister Cities group meets at 7
p.m. Feb. 6 at the Western DuPage Chamber of Commerce, 306 Main St., West
Chicago. His presentation will explore what links the two cities and what makes
them different. Sabathne was born and raised in West Chicago and is president
and CEO of the Western DuPage Chamber of Commerce. He was a city councilman when
Sister Cities began and took his first trip to Germany in 2001. For details on
the group, visit www.westchicagosistercities.com

Route 59 section closing:

Route 59 is expected to temporarily close for short periods of time overnight
Saturday into Sunday as electric contractors remove and install overhead power
lines that cross the road between Jefferson and Aurora avenues. A detour will be
posted directing drivers to North Aurora Road, Ogden Avenue and Aurora Avenue to
get around the closure. Also as part of a nearly $90 million project to widen
and resurface Route 59, access to LaSalle Avenue from the state road closed
Thursday and is expected to remain closed for one or two weeks. A detour map is
available at naperville.il.us/route59expansion.aspx.

Hanover Twp. hiring event:

Hanover Township hosts a hiring event for Harbor Freight Tools, a retailer of
auto and power tools, from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Wednesday at the township hall, 250
S. Route 59, Bartlett. The California-based company is looking for more than 40
employees for its Hanover Park location, slated to open in spring. One-on-one
job counseling also is available to residents at the township's Elgin and
Hanover Park offices. For details, call (630) 540-9085 or visit htjobs.org.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 9, 2013 Tuesday

Gardeners tending their own plots at Fayetteville Community Garden

BYLINE: Catherine Pritchard, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 333 words


April 09--fat robins are working the grounds at the Fayetteville Community
Garden.

Gardeners are, too -- though they can be harder to see in the middle of a
weekday.

But there are unmistakable signs of their presence -- freshly turned earth in
some of the 20-foot-by-20-foot plots, drying piles of weeds, and the end of
winter crops, such as cabbages and gone-to-seed broccoli, in a few plots tended
by green-thumbed gardeners year round.

It will all give way as the weather warms to flowers and vegetables and herbs --
and gardeners.

The purpose of the 5-acre, city-owned garden -- at Vanstory and Mann streets off
Old Wilmington Road -- is to encourage healthy eating and bring the community
together.

The garden's 94 plots are rented on an annual basis for $25, and renters are
given first shot at renewing their lease each year. Then other would-be
gardeners are allowed to rent. Only 14 plots remained unrented Friday, according
to the Fayetteville-Cumberland Parks and Recreation Department, which oversees
the garden.

Working together

Garden members are expected to display some commitment, and not just to their
own plots. Members are expected to contribute at least eight hours of their time
to helping maintain the garden over the growing season. They can expect to spend
at least five hours a week tending their own plots in the spring, slightly less
in summer as plantings flourish, and perhaps 3 1/2hours a week during harvest,
according to the Parks and Recreation Department, which provides gardeners with
guidelines and literature.

The rewards can be satisfying and delicious.

The garden is organic and doesn't permit the use of insecticides, fungicides,
herbicides or synthetic fertilizers.

For more information, call 433-1547.

Staff writer Catherine Pritchard can be reached at pritchardc@fayobserver.com or
486-3517.

___ (c)2013 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130409-FY-Gardeners-tending-their-own-plots
-at-Fayetteville-Community-Garden-0409-20130409

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2013 The Fayetteville Observer


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 9, 2013 Tuesday

Gardeners tending their own plots at Fayetteville Community Garden

BYLINE: Catherine Pritchard, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 333 words


April 09--Fat robins are working the grounds at the Fayetteville Community
Garden.

Gardeners are, too -- though they can be harder to see in the middle of a
weekday.

But there are unmistakable signs of their presence -- freshly turned earth in
some of the 20-foot-by-20-foot plots, drying piles of weeds, and the end of
winter crops, such as cabbages and gone-to-seed broccoli, in a few plots tended
by green-thumbed gardeners year round.

It will all give way as the weather warms to flowers and vegetables and herbs --
and gardeners.

The purpose of the 5-acre, city-owned garden -- at Vanstory and Mann streets off
Old Wilmington Road -- is to encourage healthy eating and bring the community
together.

The garden's 94 plots are rented on an annual basis for $25, and renters are
given first shot at renewing their lease each year. Then other would-be
gardeners are allowed to rent. Only 14 plots remained unrented Friday, according
to the Fayetteville-Cumberland Parks and Recreation Department, which oversees
the garden.

Working together

Garden members are expected to display some commitment, and not just to their
own plots. Members are expected to contribute at least eight hours of their time
to helping maintain the garden over the growing season. They can expect to spend
at least five hours a week tending their own plots in the spring, slightly less
in summer as plantings flourish, and perhaps 3 1/2 hours a week during harvest,
according to the Parks and Recreation Department, which provides gardeners with
guidelines and literature.

The rewards can be satisfying and delicious.

The garden is organic and doesn't permit the use of insecticides, fungicides,
herbicides or synthetic fertilizers.

For more information, call 433-1547.

Staff writer Catherine Pritchard can be reached at pritchardc@fayobserver.com or
486-3517.

___ (c)2013 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130409-FY-Gardeners-tending-their-own-plots
-at-Fayetteville-Community-Garden-0409-20130409

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2013 The Fayetteville Observer


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                    January 4, 2000, Tuesday, Final Edition

Algerian Arrested Dec. 24 Probed for Bomb Plot Links

David A. Vise; Lorraine Adams, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 566 words


Federal agents are investigating whether there is a link between an Algerian man
charged with immigration violations yesterday and a bomb plot apparently foiled
last month in Washington state by the FBI and immigration officials, U.S.
officials said last night.

Abdel Hakim Tizegha, who was arrested on Dec. 24 and charged in federal court in
Seattle yesterday, traveled between Washington state and Canada last month. He
entered the United States from Canada, according to the FBI, by sneaking through
the woods and crossing the border on foot around Nov. 30.

It is not clear what role, if any, Tizegha had in a plot to carry out terrorist
attacks related to millennial celebrations in the United States. While he knew
others who allegedly were part of a terrorist scheme that revolved around an
organization known as the Armed Islamic Group, his relationship to that group
and to any plot has not been determined, officials said.

In mid-December, another Algerian, Ahmed Ressam, was arrested with a car full of
powerful explosives and timing devices while traveling from Canada into
Washington state. Last week, Abdel Ghani, an Algerian with links to the
terrorist group, was arrested in Brooklyn. Ghani had traveled to Seattle to meet
Ressam, but never made contact after Ressam was arrested and their plans to
carry out a bombing were stymied, according to U.S. officials.

Officials know that Tizegha was a friend of Ghani and had contact with Ressam.
Detaining him on immigration charges will enable U.S. officials to question
Tizegha further about the alleged plots.

The court filing yesterday said Tizegha unsuccessfully attempted to flee when he
was arrested on Christmas Eve in Seattle. At the time, he already was facing
deportation charges for earlier immigration violations. In 1993, the complaint
alleged, Tizegha entered the United States illegally as a stowaway on a ship and
then applied for political asylum in Boston. His request was reviewed and denied
and ultimately, he was ordered to leave the U.S. last summer, which he did.

Since his Dec. 24 arrest, Tizegha called his roommate from the INS detention
facility and asked him to destroy a bus ticket showing he had gone from
Bellingham, Wash., to Seattle. The roommate told the FBI that he complied with
the request to destroy the ticket.

Last week, U.S. law enforcement officials arrested people in New York and Boston
and questioned dozens of others nationwide in an effort to disrupt a possible
network of Algerians suspected of planning terrorist attacks. In addition,
officials disclosed that a Canadian woman arrested last month trying to cross
the border into Vermont, Ressam and the Algerian arrested last week in Brooklyn
were all linked to the same terrorist organization.

The group had false passports, aliases and a plan to leave a rented car filled
with explosives at a drop-off point in Seattle, where another member of the
network would take charge of the vehicle, officials allege. FBI officials said
they had not identified any specific U.S. city or site that was to have been the
focus of the attack.

Also yesterday, another suspect was arrested in New York, according to a U.S.
official. The man was linked to the bomb smuggling scheme and appeared in
Manhattan federal court during a secret proceeding in which papers were filed
under seal, the Associated Press reported.


LOAD-DATE: January 04, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  November 29, 1995, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

A dozen of the films Hollywood will unwrap

BYLINE: Tom Green

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 806 words


'Father of the Bride Part II'

-- Stars: Steve Martin, Diane Keaton, Martin Short.

-- Plot: Incredibly, both daughter and mother are expecting simultaneously, and
Martin copes badly.

-- Prospects: A happy, healthy, bouncing box-office bonanza seems assured for
this sequel, thanks to a zillion video rentals of the original.

-- Release date: Dec. 8.

'Heat'

-- Stars: Al Pacino, Robert De Niro, Val Kilmer.

-- Plot: Los Angeles-based psychological thriller in which a tough cop (Pacino)
tracks down a hardened criminal (De Niro) and his cronies.

-- Prospects: A test of holiday moviegoers' interest in crime yarns. The movie
is also long. Though they have just two scenes together, superstars Pacino and
De Niro clash onscreen for the first time.

-- Release date: Dec. 8.

'Sense and Sensibility'

-- Stars: Emma Thompson, Alan Rickman, Kate Winslet, Hugh Grant.

-- Plot: A Jane Austen comedy of manners in which a soon-to-be-single woman
(Thompson) falls for a shy guy (Grant).

-- Prospects: This one's going for the Howards End crowd, and the early buzz is
very good. Directed by Ang Lee (The Wedding Banquet).

-- Release date: Dec. 13.

'Othello'

-- Stars: Laurence Fishburne, Irene Jacob, Kenneth Branagh.

-- Plot: The scheming Iago (Branagh) lies to Othello (Fishburne) that his wife
Desdemona (Jacob) has been unfaithful.

-- Prospects: Purists will be offended that the movie excises a good portion of
Shakespeare's dialogue, but Fishburne is one fine actor.

-- Release date: Dec. 14.

'Cry, the Beloved Country'

-- Stars: James Earl Jones, Richard Harris.

-- Plot: In apartheid South Africa, a black man's son kills the son of a white
man.  Somehow these men find peace.

-- Prospects: It's hoped that formidable actors Jones and Harris will draw
moviegoers to this latest adaptation of Alan Paton's 1930s saga.

-- Release date: Dec. 15.

'Jumanji'

-- Stars: Robin Williams, Kirsten Dunst, Bonnie Hunt, David Alan Grier.

-- Plot: A kid trapped in a jungle board game for 26 years must finish the game
to avert lethal consequences.

-- Prospects: Must overcome that title (from a children's book by Chris Van
Allsburg). This special-effects movie features crocodiles, baboons, giant
spiders, a monsoon and such. Williams is not at full throttle.

-- Release date: Dec. 15.

'Sabrina'

-- Stars: Harrison Ford, Julia Ormond, Greg Kinnear.

-- Plot: A beauty is romanced by an older guy to keep her from his playboy
brother.

-- Prospects: Based on Billy Wilder's 1954 romance, this is reportedly a
faithful remake. Of course, there's no Audrey Hepburn, Humphrey Bogart or
William Holden.

-- Release date: Dec. 15.

'Nixon'

-- Stars: Anthony Hopkins, James Woods, Paul Sorvino, Ed Harris, Madeline Kahn.

-- Plot: Everybody knows the story of Richard M. Nixon and Watergate. Presumably
director Oliver Stone will mine the man's psyche.

-- Prospects: Stone plus a first-rate cast suggest a movie of merit, perhaps
even controversy. Hopkins' Nixon is not exactly a mirror image, which may annoy
some viewers.

-- Release date: Dec. 20.

'Grumpier Old Men'

-- Stars: Jack Lemmon, Walter Matthau, Sophia Loren, Ann-Margret, Daryl Hannah.

-- Plot: The two men fought for widow Ann-Margret in Grumpy Old Men; in this
sequel, Lemmon is married to her.  The new wrinkle: Loren has moved to Wabasha,
Minn., and is threatening to turn the fishing hole into a ristorante.

-- Prospects: Revisiting their surprise '93 hit, these legends are likely to
exchange equally sharp barbs.

-- Release date: Dec. 22.

'Sudden Death'

-- Stars: Jean-Claude Van Damme, Powers Boothe.

-- Plot: At the Stanley Cup hockey finals, the bad guys have captured not only
the vice president but also Van Damme's little girl. The latter is a big
mistake.

-- Prospects: The stunts are a bit of a wow and there's violence galore, which
means the testosterone crowd should flock to this one.

-- Release date: Dec. 22.

'Waiting to Exhale'

-- Stars: Whitney Houston, Angela Bassett, Lela Rochon, Loretta Devine.

-- Plot: Simple story of four women searching for the right man. Most of their
relationships are with two-timers and assorted other louts.

-- Prospects: The studios should breathe easy because this film, based on the
Terry McMillan best seller, taps into unmined material with a smokin' cast.
Houston's first film since The Bodyguard should pack them in.

-- Release date: Dec. 22

'Dead Man Walking'

-- Stars: Susan Sarandon, Sean Penn.

-- Plot: A nun overcomes her own fears when she fights for the life and soul of
a murderer on death row.

-- Prospects: Tim Robbins (fresh from The Shawshank Redemption) directs this
grim prison drama. Besides the strong cast, the film also has a title song by
Bruce Springsteen and a star-packed soundtrack.

-- Release date: Dec. 29.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Nicola Goode, Twentieth Century Fox; PHOTO, b/w, Brian
Hamill, Paramount Pictures; PHOTO, b/w, Frank Connor, Warner Bros.; PHOTO, b/w,
Sidney Baldwin, Hollywood Pictures; PHOTO, b/w, Clive Coote, Columbia Pictures

HOLIDAY MOVIES; Toy Story has already got the box office ringing, but Mr. Potato
Head isn't the only star among films still due for the holiday season. USA
TODAY's Tom Green samples a dozen upcoming releases generating interest in
Hollywood:

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           January 29, 2009 Thursday

Tired cliches abound in 'New in Town'

BYLINE: By RICK BENTLEY McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: REVIEWS

LENGTH: 423 words


It's bad enough when a movie uses a worn-out plot gimmick. "New In Town"
multiplies the disappointment by resorting to a string of familiar film cliches.

The result is such a dull, unimaginative and poorly photographed movie that, if
"New in Town" were to move into the house next door to you, it would be time to
change ZIP codes.

Renee Zellweger plays Lucy Hill, an executive who is rapidly moving up the
corporate ladder. She's sent to New Ulm, a small town in Minnesota, to take
control of one of the company's factories. She's supposed to cut the staff to
make the operation more profitable.

Her thick corporate skin is pierced by the good-natured locals and a single-dad
widower, Ted Mitchell (Harry Connick Jr.).

Writer Ken Rance and C. Jay Cox have pieced together a movie with no
imagination, no jokes and a complete void of any chance their characters will
show chemistry. And it is all played out through stale plot devices.

First plot gimmick: Hill is smart enough to become a force in her Florida-based
company. But, she is not smart enough to look at the Weather Channel to know
that it is going to be cold in Minnesota in winter. Giving her that much
intelligence would have meant forgoing all of the jokes about her stomping
through the snow in high heels.

Second plot gimmick: New Ulm, Minn., must be the home for all "Fargo"
impersonators, don't cha know. "New In Town" uses the old trick of making
everyone in town so down-to-Earth and homespun you just have to like them.
Hollywood must not know that detestable people also live in small towns.

Third plot gimmick: Does anyone really believe the factory is in serious
trouble? That would be like putting a puppy on a railroad track and not yanking
it away before the train arrives. The old Hollywood chestnut of whether the new
high-falootin' boss will get a heart has all the tension of a coffee commercial.

Fourth plot gimmick: The best-looking guy in town can't get a date until an
outsider shows up. Hill wins over Mitchell by giving his daughter fashion tips.

Fifth plot gimmick: The ending is so trite and hackneyed it might make your
teeth hurt.

The only good thing that can be said about "New In Town" is that it has set a
high bar for all of the bad movies to come in 2009. GO!

'NEW IN TOWN' ·Featuring:Renee Zellweger, Harry Connick Jr. and J.K. Simmons;
directed by Jonas Elmer. ·Where:Century Cinemas in Monterey, Maya Cinemas in
Salinas, Century 14 in Salinas, Green Valley in Watsonville ·Rating:PG for adult
themes and mild language ·Running time: 1 hour, 36 minutes

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             August 11, 2006 Friday

Experts: Plan shows al-Qaida committed

BYLINE: By EVAN LEHMANN, Sun Washington Bureau

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 712 words


WASHINGTON -- The foiled terror attack in London showcases the effectiveness of
tighter security measures enacted after Sept. 11, 2001, but also reveals
al-Qaida's undiminished determination to stun the world with spectacular
strikes, analysts warn.

Unraveling a month before the fifth anniversary of 9/11, the London plot had the
markings of Osama bin Laden's terror group and was a louder echo of past
attacks, they said.

The use of liquid explosives and the deployment of multiple teams to just as
many targets was an attempt to exploit weaknesses in security systems hardened
in the last five years while aiming for a stunning impact, the analysts said.

"I see an al-Qaida operation. It has the simultaneous (and) coordinated
attacks," said Marius Deeb, a professor of Middle East and Islamic studies for
the School of Advanced International Studies at John Hopkins University.

Twenty-four suspects were caught by British police before they were able to
carry out a sophisticated attack on 10 airliners bound for New York, Washington,
D.C. and California. The intent was "mass murder," British officials said.

U.S. Homeland Security chief Michael Chertoff said the plot is indicative of
al-Qaida but offered no evidence and stopped short of assigning blame to the
extremist group. British officials also did not definitively name al-Qaida as
the plot's source.

Deeb said parallels between past attacks, including those in Madrid, London and
the United States, and the latest plot left "no doubt" that the operatives had
received training, planning and financing from the highest levels of al-Qaida.

"Bin Laden and (his lieutenant Ayman) al-Zawahiri were behind it," he said.
"There's no mavericks here. There's no loners. They're all very well-organized."

Michael O'Hanlon, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, said, "I think
it's a little scary that al-Qaida or its affiliates still have the ability to
mount this kind of attack."

The plot's disruption showed increased operational expertise by security
agencies, yet it also revealed shortcomings, he said.

"It reinvigorates the case for homeland-security efforts for data-sharing on
suspected terrorists" among nations, O'Hanlon said.

The plot is a "magnification" of the failed attempt by shoe-bomber Richard Reid,
said Gerry Leone, a former first assistant U.S. attorney in Boston who was the
lead prosecutor in that case.

"It's the same plot. It's just more people, more planes and a different way to
avoid detection based on what terrorists have learned since 2001," said Leone,
who is running unopposed for Middlesex district attorney.

Reid, who was trained in Afghanistan and financed by al-Qaida, tried to light a
fuse attached to plastic explosives in his shoe in December 2001 aboard an
American Airlines flight carrying 197 people from Paris to Miami. He's serving
life in prison.

Leone said the 9/11 attack was presaged by a 1993 attack on the World Trade
Center that killed six people. "It's a terrifying analog," he said.

"Splendid" security saved thousands of lives in the latest plot, but other
attacks will eventually succeed, warned Terrance Downes, executive director of
the program on Homeland Security at Middlesex Community College in Lowell.

"It's naive to expect any government anywhere is going to be able to absolutely
protect the public," he said. "Governments have to be right 100 percent of the
time, and terrorists only have to be right 1 percent of the time.

"It is going to be a prolonged struggle that will be marked with periodic
terrible events, like what was planned in Britain," Downes added.

Airport security is already being adjusted. Liquids have been banned temporarily
from airline passenger cabins.

Wristwatches, cell phones and other electronic devices that could be used to
trigger bombs could be banned next, said retired Air Force Lt. Gen. Tad
Oelstrom, director of the National Security Program at Harvard's Kennedy School
of Government.

But determined terrorists will find the next weakness in security systems, and
exploit them, he warned.

"There will be something else," Oelstrom said. "The fact that we've isolated or
zeroed in on liquid explosives (means) there will be another iteration out there
that becomes a threat."

Evan Lehmann's e-mail address is elehmann@lowellsun.com .

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                            January 23, 2009 Friday
                               FINAL - 5 EDITION

CEMETERY PLOTS: THESE DAYS, PRICES TO DIE FOR;
DIRT CHEAP

BYLINE: ANN MARIE SOMMA asomma@courant.com

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 377 words


What price for your mother's plot?

James Hill will take $5,500, and he's got it up for sale on craigslist.

Hill inherited the double plot - worth $7,000 - at Willowbrook Cemetery in
Westport when his mother died eight years ago. She's buried elsewhere, and he
doesn't need it because it's likely he'll be cremated.

"Right now, it's just a piece of paper in my drawer. I would rather see the
zeros in my bank account," said Hill, 45, who works as a free-lancer in the
media service business.

As the economy continues to falter, forcing people to be more creative in their
efforts to make money, the resale of cemetery plots on the Internet is on the
rise.

William Matto, a superintendent at Pine Grove Cemetery in Ansonia, said Pine
Grove frowns upon plot holders reselling grave sites, but many people get around
it by saying they are giving the plot away.

Matto understands that times are tough, but resold plots generally lose a
quarter of their value. It's better to hold onto them, he said.

"Sooner or later, you will use the grave," Matto said.

Matto said single plots at Pine Grove sold for $550 six years ago. Today they
sell for $800.

Baron Chu, who owns plotbrokers.com, a Los Angeles-based cemetery plot website,
said calls have increased tenfold since 2008, mainly from cash-strapped people
who have lost their jobs or are facing foreclosure.

"Originally, the calls were for selling, but after we had the local news do a
story on us, more people are buying plots because they'll pay 20 to 40 percent
below retail," said Chu, who is licensed by the state to sell plots in
California.

Chu said a woman who was laid off and on the verge of homelessness after facing
a foreclosure recently sold her plot on his site. The money she made allowed her
to pay for three months of rent.

Plotbrokers is set up like a real estate database and Chu's clients are mostly
the children of elderly parents, those who have moved out of state or opted for
cremation, and anyone in need of cash.

"Who isn't worried about the economy?" Chu said.

The only call Hill has received since advertising his mother's plot on
craigslist a week ago was from an Internet burial site interested in listing the
plot. He hasn't followed up on the offer.

"Whoever buys this is getting a bargain," Hill said.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                        January 4, 2000, Tuesday, FINAL

Two more arrests in U.S. terror plot

BYLINE: Knight Ridder

SECTION: News; A9

LENGTH: 335 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Two more Algerian men have been arrested in the continuing investigation into
alleged smuggling of explosives over the border from Canada in an apparent bomb
plot, officials said Monday.

The first, seized Dec. 24 in Seattle, made a court appearance Monday to face
immigration charges.

No mention of a bombing plot was made in the four-page complaint against Abdel
Hakim Tizegha or in court, but citing confidential sources, the Seattle Times
reported authorities suspect Tizegha was involved in a plan by terrorists to
strike targets in the United States.

The second, Abdelwahib Hamdouche, was taken into custody Saturday night at New
York's Kennedy International Airport as he was preparing to leave for Paris,
officials said. Hamdouche, 34, a naturalized French citizen who was living in
Brooklyn, was held as a material witness in the bomb plot investigation, and it
is believed he was ordered to remain in custody after a closed hearing Monday in
U.S. District Court in Manhattan.

The suspected plot has triggered a far- reaching investigation and an aggressive
effort -- including a sweep last week in which authorities questioned and
detained dozens of people in New York, Boston, San Francisco and Houston -- to
avert a terrorist attack in the U.S.

Tizegha was charged with illegally re-entering the U.S. after being ordered to
leave the country and for eluding authorities who were seeking to question him.

Tizegha's detention by the Immigration and Naturalization Service followed the
arrest of Ahmed Ressam, who was picked up by U.S. Customs Service agents in Port
Angeles, Wash., as he drove off a ferry from Canada on Dec. 14. Authorities said
Ressam's vehicle contained bombmaking materials, including hundreds of pounds of
the chemical urea, a military liquid explosive and sophisticated timing devices

The Issue

Cross-border smuggling of explosives

- What's New:

Two more Algerian men arrested

- What's Next:

Police look for connection to extremist faction


LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             May 10, 2006 Wednesday

Central Park gardens available

BYLINE: Intelligencer Journal Staff

SECTION: M; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Garden plots are available for rent from Lancaster County Department of Parks
and Recreation.

County residents can select a 20-by-20-foot or 20-by-40-foot plot for a one-time
fee of $16 for a small plot and $20 for a larger plot. They have access to the
garden through Oct. 15.

Organic plots are also available. These are plots that have been free of
pesticides and herbicides for more than three years.

The parks department and Penn State Cooperative Extension Master Gardeners
Program plan garden workshops. Dates and topics are: June 6, butterfly
gardening; July 11, herb gardening; Aug. 8, roses; Sept. 12, basic container
gardening; and Oct. 3, basic pruning.

Garden workshops will be held from 7 to 8 p.m. at the Lancaster County
Environmental Center off Eshelman Mill Road in Lancaster County Central Park.

There is a $1 fee per workshop session, which is waived for garden plot renters.
Preregistration is required.

For information on a garden or to register for a plot or workshop, call 299-8215
or visit the office located off Chesapeake Street, weekdays between 8:30 a.m.
and 5 p.m. Also, visit the Web site www.co.lancaster.pa.us/parks.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              March 3, 2014 Monday

Greene

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 357 words


FAIRBORN WSU hosts health plan disease outbreak study

Professionals will have the chance to practice their response plans for a
disease outbreak at a Public Health Grand Rounds, "A One Health Approach to
Disease Outbreak: A Public Health Emergency Response," March 21, 9 a.m. to 2
p.m., at the Madison Lakes Learning and Conference Center, 581 Olive Road, in
Dayton.

The format will be a facilitated tabletop exercise of a disease outbreak.
Participants will analyze their response plans to collaboratively assess a
complex public health investigation involving multiple agencies and
jurisdictions. They will identify existing gaps in their response plans, the
university said.

The event is for public health professionals, educators, emergency personnel and
veterinarians.

Advance registration is required. Space is limited. A nonrefundable registration
fee of $20 includes materials and lunch. The registration deadline is March

14. To register, go to
http://nursing.wright.edu/nursing-institute/training#tab=one-health-approach.
For more information, contact Cyneca Reed at the Center for Global Health at
937-258-5555 or cyneca.reed@wright.edu STAFF

REPORT

BEAVERCREEK Parks & Trails offering public garden plots

The Greene County Parks & Trails is offering community garden plots for local
gardeners at Karohl Park, 2940 Hohl Drive.

Plots are 20-by-20 feet. Garden plots are available on a first-come, first-serve
basis, with each plot costing $25.

The garden plots can be reserved as a single plot or in multiple units. All
plots are plowed and staked off into sections.

For more information or to reserve a garden plot, call 937-562-6440 or emailing
abotkin@co.greene.oh.us

STEVEN MATTHEWS

CEDARVILLE Carillon Brass to perform 'Bach's Lunch '

Carillon Brass will perform a free "Bach's Lunch" concert at noon March 14 at
the Cedarville University Dixon Ministry Center Recital Hall, 251 N. Main St.

The band is a quintet from the Dayton Philharmonic Orchestra created as an
outreach program to bring classical music to community schools.

Attendees can pack a lunch for the event, and water is the only liquid permitted
in the facility. MEREDITH WHELCHEL

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Sunday Mirror

                              June 3, 2007 Sunday
                                 3 Star Edition

BID TO BLOW UP JFK FOILED

BYLINE: BY RUPERT HAMER DEFENCE CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 416 words


TERROR cops last night foiled an audacious plot by suspected al-Qaeda terrorists
to blow up JFK airport in New York.

Four people were arrested and charged with conspiring to attack the airport by
planting explosives in the major jet fuel tanks and pipeline.

One of the suspects was a former cargo worker at the airport, who was also an
ex-member of Guyana's parliament.

FBI sources said the plot never got beyond the planning stages but has raised
renewed fears of "home grown" terror cells in the US.

One suspect was arrested in New York while others were now in custody in a
Caribbean country.

According to a statement by the US Justice Department, a suspect said in a
recorded conversation that the attacks would result in the destruction of "the
whole of Kennedy".

The plot was foiled well before it came to fruition and the FBI said there was
no threat to the public.

The law enforcement authorities said the investigation was helped by an
informant, who recorded conversations with the suspects.

The plot, which dated from January 2006 to the present, tapped into an
international network of Muslim extremists from the United States, Guyana and
Trinidad.

The arrests mark the latest in a number of terror plots targeting high-profile
landmarks, including the arrest of seven men a year ago during what was called
the early stages of a plot to blow up Sears Tower in Chicago.

Meanwhile, a series of security lapses have been uncovered at Birmingham
International Airport.

In one shocking image, Job Masih is caught snoozing as he was supposed to be
guarding a boarding gate.

Other security guards at the airport have also been shamed for boozing and
reading on duty. It's been revealed that some even secured their jobs despite
having criminal convictions.

The catalogue of security errors is exposed in a TV investigation.

The findings have been described as the most damning evidence ever into the
state of British airport security.

And the head of US Homeland Security, Bennie Thompson, has called for all
transatlantic flights from Birmingham airport to be stopped immediately.

In a six-month probe into security firm ICTS, employee Colin Cross turned
whistleblower to reveal how thousands of passengers' lives are put at risk every
day.

He said: "The public have a right to know what really goes on."

Several ICTS staff have been suspended. A spokesman said: "The allegations have
been taken very seriously. Investigations were launched immediately."

Terror In The Skies will be shown on ITV1 tomorrow at 9pm.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Target... New York's JFK airport

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2007 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            December 15, 2008 Monday

Grave concern: Council to consider expanding cemetery

BYLINE: By Robert Jordan Valley Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; News; Local

LENGTH: 506 words


PLEASANTON   Julie and Bob Phillips were both born in Oakland, but spent the
past 37 years making Pleasanton their home.

The couple has been married 46 years and raised four daughters here, including
their youngest who was married in their backyard. Now with all their children
living in the Modesto area, the Phillips have no plans of leaving the city and
hope to be buried here in the future.

"My heart and my history is here," said Phillips. "My life is here and anything
that means anything to me is here."

The Phillips are counting on the city council to approve a plan to expand
Pleasanton Pioneer Cemetery, so they can call this town of just over 70,000
their final resting place.

Tonight the council will decide whether or not to allow an additional 200
full-size, double-depth plots and 200 smaller double-niche plots for cremains at
the cemetery located on the south side of town.

The expansion would give the cemetery room for 800 more bodies.

The revenue from the new plots is expected to bring in $1.95 million. Of that
money, $1.18 million would be used to install the new vaults and cremains plots
and to upgrade the entire irrigation system.

Under the proposed plan, the city would advance $190,000 from its capital
improvement reserves for surveying, plot verification and pre-installation of
the first 200 full-sized vaults. The money would be repaid to the reserve from
plot sales. A full-sized plot is expected to cost $3,400   that price does not
include the double-depth vault nor the burial services fees for two individuals.
Cremain niche plots are expected to cost $1,700   that price also does not
include the vault or other burial fees.

The upgrades to the irrigation system and other landscaped improvements wouldn't
take place until after all the plots and cremation niches are sold.

The additional plots would increase the city's maintenance cost of the cemetery
from $75,400 to $85,000 annually.

Phillips doesn't have qualms talking about her final resting place. With a
background in hospice care, Phillips is familiar with death.

"People think it's gross to talk about buying plots," she said. "But I have
worked with death and dying and want to call Pleasanton my final resting place."

Interest in the cemetery expansion isn't limited to the Phillips.

Fan Ventura, who works for the city's Parks and Community Services department,
said 34 resident families have expressed interest in purchasing plots and 11
nonresident families from as far a way as Auburn, Murphys, Oakdale and Vacaville
have also called inquiring about the expansion.

The Parks and Recreation Commission unanimously approved the plan back in
October and forwarded the item to the council, which continued the item at the
Dec. 2 meeting.

Pleasanton acquired the cemetery in early 2007 and since then has contracted
with Catholic Funeral Cemetery Services for burial services.

Reach Robert Jordan at rjordan@bayareanewsgroup.com or 925-847-2184.If you go

     ·    WHAT: Pleasanton City Council meeting WHEN: 7 p.m. today WHERE:
          Council chamber, 200 Old Bernal Ave.


LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      February 16, 2001 Friday 1ST EDITION

Foiled plots provide example Columbine victims note lessons

BYLINE: By Kevin Simpson, Denver Post Staff Writer,

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-02

LENGTH: 384 words


Recently foiled plots for alleged Columbine-style shootings  across the country
demonstrate how schools and police should react  to threatening information,
according to legal briefs to be filed  today by injured Columbine victims.

Although the observation is basically a footnote to broader  legal arguments in
the suit against Columbine educators and  Jefferson County law enforcement, the
coincidence was impossible  for Jim Cederberg, attorney for injured student
Richard Castaldo  and lead author of the brief, to ignore.

One alleged plot involved a student at a San Jose, Calif.,  junior college and
another involved students at a Fort Collins  middle school. Both were discovered
by authorities before they  could unfold.

'Anecdotally, we point out that although these defendants  say, 'What could we
do about it, how could we sniff it out?'  that's exactly what they're doing in
other places,' Cederberg said.

'The information that started the follow-up that led to the  discovery of the
California and Fort Collins plots was a lot less  than the stuff available on
(killers Eric Harris and Dylan  Klebold) in the beginning.'

The lawsuit, which also includes claims by injured students  Sean Graves, Lance
Kirklin and Mark Taylor, hinges in part on the  educators' and law enforcement's
failure to act despite evidence  that a violent plot was in the works.

'You're up late, you get up the next morning, pick up the  newspaper, and here's
another one,' Cederberg said. 'And you  think, 'That's what I'm talking about.''

He typed the footnote: 'As this Brief is being written, the  Denver Post reports
disruption of a Columbine 'copy cat' plot at a  middle school in Fort Collins by
vigilant school and law  enforcement officials.'

In its motion to dismiss the case, attorneys for Columbine  High School
principal Frank DeAngelis, six teachers and the  Jefferson County School
District claimed that a federal appeals  court has ruled that public schools
aren't required to protect  students from each other.

A hearing has been set for April 27.

In all, nine wrongful-death and negligence lawsuits filed by  about 20 families
of those injured and killed at Columbine in  April 1999 are pending in federal
court.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             July 8, 2010 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

SWEET DEAL FOR SUBWAY PLOTTER CANARY. ZAZI MAY GET VISA, END UP IN U.S. WITNESS
PROTECTION

BYLINE: BY JOHN MARZULLI and LARRY McSHANE DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS With Alison
Gendar

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 455 words


THE CONFESSED subway suicide bomber could wind up in the federal witness
protection program - living side by side with Americans he wanted dead.

Najibullah Zazi's cooperation with the feds was key to a new indictment
yesterday that tied his plan to blow up subways in Times Square and Grand
Central stations to a foiled plot in England.

The Afghan immigrant's singing could earn him a coveted "S" visa, given only to
aliens who provide critical information on terror organizations, officials
revealed.

The new indictment implicates a top Al Qaeda terrorist: Adnan Shukrijumah, now
tied to four different plots to hit New York, was accused of recruiting Zazi and
two other men as bombers.

There is a $5 million bounty for Shukrijumah, a 34-year-old Saudi-born man with
Brooklyn ties who is a leader in Al Qaeda's "external operations" program
dedicated to attacking the U.S. and the West, the feds said.

The Brooklyn Federal Court case also linked Zazi, who grew up in Queens and was
living in Colorado, with a foiled April 2009 bombing in Manchester, England,
exposing Al Qaeda's far-reaching tentacles.

The two plots were "directly related," federal officials said - and a law
enforcement source said it showed how terrorism in the 21st century had changed.

"It is a lot easier for homegrown terrorists . . . to meet high-ranking,
hard-core operatives, and offer themselves as tools to inflict casualties," the
source told the Daily News. "And the word from Al Qaeda is, 'Welcome, we need
you to do your part.' "

Zazi and a second man, Zarein Ahmedzay, pleaded guilty in the New York plot this
year and agreed to cooperate with authorities.

A third suspect, Adis Medunjanin, faced new terror charges in the new indictment
- including an allegation that he tried to kill himself and other drivers by
crashing his car on the Whitestone Expressway in Queens.

"We love death," he reportedly told a 911 operator before the Jan. 7 wreck.

Federal Judge Raymond Dearie agreed yesterday to unseal the cooperation
agreements. Medunjanin's co-defendants - Zazi, who was the New York plot's
pointman, and Ahmedzay - both apparently may get a sweet deal.

Zazi and Ahmedzay could have their life sentences reduced and enter the witness
protection program if the Justice Department agrees with prosecutors'
recommendations. Zazi could also receive the "S" visa.

In the Manchester plot, two men were arrested in April but never charged.

Tariq Ur Rehman was deported to Pakistan; suspect Abid Naseer, was rearrested
yesterday in England on the U.S. charges.

The new indictment asserted Zazi and Naseer were in Peshawar, Pakistan, at the
same time in November 2008, and used the same e-mail account to communicate with
an Al Qaeda middleman.

lmcshane@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Najibullah Zazi may enter witness protection program after revelation
subway plot was linked to foiled attack in England. Photo by Reuters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Daily News, L.P.


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              June 4, 2007 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Papers: Con was key in foiling JFK plot

BYLINE: Richard Willing

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 447 words


A convicted drug dealer seeking a reduced sentence helped thwart an alleged plot
to blow up fuel tanks and destroy New York City's Kennedy International Airport,
papers filed in the case say.

The paid informant, described in a criminal complaint unsealed Saturday as "the
Source," made four surveillance trips to the airport in January with Russell
Defreitas, a former Kennedy Airport cargo handler who was the plot's alleged
leader, the complaint says. The informant also recorded conversations,
downloaded airport images from Google Earth and traveled with Defreitas, 63, to
Guyana to enlist the aid of an armed radical Muslim group, Jamaat al Muslimeen,
legal papers charge.

Defreitas and three other men, two Guyanese and a citizen of Trinidad, were
charged with conspiring to destroy the airport by blowing up fuel lines, fuel
tanks and terminal buildings. Two of the three were in custody in Trinidad, and
the third still was being sought.

The case is at least the fifth time in two years in which the U.S. government
has relied on paid informants, some recruited by police, to bring
terrorism-related charges against U.S.-based Muslims, according to federal court
records.

FBI spokesman John Miller said taking down al-Qaeda-inspired plots is getting
more difficult. "When you're looking at inspired-through-the-Internet, homegrown
extremists, well, they can pop up anywhere," he told ABC News on Sunday.

The informant tactic has resulted in four convictions, but raises questions
about civil liberties and entrapment, says University of Richmond law professor
Carl Tobias, who has written on terror and the law.

Authorities first learned of the plot in January 2006, the charging papers say.
The informant, who had worshiped with Defreitas at a Brooklyn mosque, contacted
Defreitas in July 2006 and was gradually let in on the plot.

Defreitas, a native of Guyana and a naturalized U.S. citizen, told the informant
that he had become radicalized in the early 1990s, the papers say. Working at
Kennedy Airport, he said he saw missiles being shipped to Israel and decided he
"wanted to do something that will get those bastards," according to a transcript
quoted in the legal papers. Exploding the airport's fuel tanks, Defreitas said,
"can destroy the economy of America for some time."

Kenneth Wainstein, assistant attorney general for National Security at the
Justice Department, compared the plot to the arrest last month of six New
Jersey-based Muslims charged in a plan to attack Fort Dix in New Jersey.

The cases, Wainstein said, highlight that the threat to the USA is no longer
confined to attacks from overseas. The "terrorist threat we face" has an
"evolving nature," he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                             June 24, 2006 Saturday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

FBI foil plot to bomb Sears Tower

BYLINE: By Marco Giannangeli

SECTION: NEWS; 15

LENGTH: 380  words


FEDERAL agents have foiled an alleged terrorist plot which would have seen
America's tallest building destroyed as part of a mission "greater than 9/11",
it emerged yesterday.

Chicago's Sears Tower - the tallest building in the world until 2004 - was one
of a list of targets that included the FBI offices in Florida.

News of the plot comes just days after revelations by the US intelligence
service that Al Qaeda terrorists had targeted London's Canary Wharf as part of a
separate plot.

Seven men were arrested on Thursday after federal agents surrounded a warehouse
in Miami, Florida. Inside, they found a "military boot camp" used to train
Islamic terrorists, according to official reports.

The leader of the group, identified as Narseal Batiste, is accused of recruiting
and training other members "for a mission to wage war against the United States
government".

Batiste is said to have met an FBI agent posing as an Al Qaeda representative on
several occasions last December asking for guns, radios, vehicles and 50,000
dollars (GBP 39,739) in cash to help him build an "Islamic army to wage jihad".

In February 2006, Batiste allegedly told the Al Qaeda representative that he and
five soldiers were planning a "full ground war" against the US that would be
"just as good or greater than 9/11".

The seven men have been charged with conspiring to "maliciously damage and
destroy by means of an explosive" the FBI building in Miami Beach and the Sears
Tower in Chicago.

Five of the men were born in America, one is a legal immigrant and one is from
Haiti and living in the US illegally.

Neighbours living near the warehouse yesterday told how the men had actively
tried to recruit others in the area.

"They seemed brainwashed, " said Tashwan Rose, 29. "They said they had given
their lives to Allah." Batiste and the six other suspects - named as Patrick
Abraham, Stanley Grant Phanor, Naudimar Herrera, Burson Augustin, Lyglenson
Lemorin and Rotschild Augustine - were due to appear at a Miami court last
night.

FBI deputy director John Pistole said: "Today's announcement marks yet another
important victory in the war on terrorism. It is also, however, a grim reminder
of the persistent threat that exists here at home and underscores the need for
continued vigilance and cooperation."

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                    January 5, 2000 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

TWO MORE ALGERIANS JAILED;
POTENTIAL TIES TO BOMB PLOT
ONE MAN FIRST WAS HELD AS A MATERIAL WITNESS, THE OTHER ON CHARGES OF ILLEGALLY
TRYING TO ENTER THE U.S. AT SEATTLE

BYLINE: Benjamin Weiser

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 583 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK - Two Algerians, one in Brooklyn, N.Y., and the other in Seattle, have
been arrested in the continuing investigation of a terrorist bomb plot.

The new arrests came amid indications that federal authorities are focusing
their efforts on a network of Algerians in New York, Seattle and Boston,
officials said Monday.

The Brooklyn man, Abdelwahib Hamdouche, was taken into custody Saturday night at
Kennedy International Airport as he was preparing to leave for Paris on a KLM
flight, officials said.

Hamdouche, 34, a naturalized French citizen, was held as a material witness in
the bomb plot investigation, and it is believed he was ordered to remain in
custody after a closed hearing Monday in U.S. District Court in Manhattan.

In Seattle, the authorities said they had arrested another Algerian man, Abdel
Hakim Tizegha, on charges of entering the country illegally.

He is believed to be an associate of a man charged last week in the bomb plot,
law enforcement officials said, but he has not been accused of any direct role.

The new arrests stem from what the authorities said was a bomb plot foiled in
Seattle last month after the arrest of Ahmed Ressam, an Algerian who has been
linked to a terrorist group. Ressam was charged with trying to smuggle powerful
explosives and sophisticated timing devices in a car he was driving across the
Canadian border near Seattle.

While the scope of the investigation into the plot appeared to be growing, many
details of the case remained murky Monday.

It was not clear why the authorities believed Hamdouche was a witness.

It also was not known why he had been released without being charged after he
was taken into custody Thursday during a raid in Brooklyn in which another
Algerian, Abdel Ghani, was arrested on charges of being an accomplice in the
bomb plot.

A criminal complaint accused Ghani of having knowledge of "a terrorist network
of Algerian nationals" that also included Ressam, and said he had planned to
travel with Ressam to Chicago to raise money for the group.

Federal Magistrate Judge Michael H. Dolinger refused a request by the New York
Times to open the session, and afterward he would not say why he had conducted
it in secret.

The arrest of Hamdouche, who was a roommate of Ghani, appeared to be a tactical
move by investigators seeking to compel his presence before a federal grand jury
or for questioning by federal agents.

The authorities may be hoping to see if Hamdouche can tell them anything about
Ghani, and whether he might cooperate in the investigation.

In order for Dolinger to order Hamdouche's detention, the government had to show
he was material, or critical, to the investigation, and that he was a risk to
flee or be unavailable.

No one would say if Hamdouche had been ordered held, but he did not leave the
courtroom with his defense lawyer as the hearing ended.

The new arrests indicated that law enforcement authorities are continuing to
reel in friends and associates of Ressam and Ghani, although the high degree of
secrecy imposed on the case has made it difficult to learn precisely what the
authorities suspect of each man.

The criminal complaint filed against Tizegha on Monday in federal district court
in Seattle, for example, makes no mention of the bomb plot, nor did prosecutors
discuss any link in a hearing.

But law enforcement officials who spoke on condition of anonymity said Tizegha
was believed to have been a longtime friend of Ghani.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: New York Times

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             August 11, 2006 Friday

Plot aimed at US,says White House

BYLINE: Oliver Burkeman in New York

SECTION: WORLD; Terror Alert; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 504 words


US reaction The White House yesterday framed the terrorist plot, apparently
thwarted in the UK, as a direct attack on the US. American officials tightened
airport security nationwide in response to the news from London.

With officials describing the plot as the greatest terrorist threat to the US
since September 11th, George Bush called the arrests a "stark reminder" that the
country was "at war with Islamic fascists who will use any means to destroy
those of us who love freedom, to hurt our nation".

Speaking in Wisconsin, the president said: "It is a mistake to believe there is
no threat to the United States of America."

US Muslim groups criticised Mr Bush's description of the foiled plot as a "war
with Islamic fascists", saying the term could inflame anti-Muslim tensions. "We
believe this is an ill-advised term and we believe that it is counterproductive
to associate Islam or Muslims with fascism," said Nihad Awad, executive director
of the Council on American-Islamic Relations advocacy group.

Delays grew at airports after homeland security officials banned all liquids and
gels from aircraft cabins, except for baby formula and medicines.

Federal security officials were focusing on John F Kennedy airport in New York,
Dulles airport outside Washington, and Los Angeles International airport as the
probable destinations of the aircraft involved, they told state-level officials
privately.

A spokesman described officers at the US Northern Command in Colorado as "a
little bit more vigilant" than normal.

Additional armed air marshals had left the US for London yesterday, where they
were to join US-bound flights, mingling unidentified with passengers, the
homeland security department said. One of the carriers reportedly targeted in
the plot, American Airlines, cancelled several flights to London, blaming delays
at Heathrow.

US officials emphasised a suspected link with al-Qaeda. The homeland security
secretary, Michael Chertoff, called the disrupted plans "suggestive of an
al-Qaeda plot", while Robert Mueller, the FBI director, said the scheme "had the
earmarks of an al-Qaeda plot". A senior counter-terrorism official told the
Associated Press that up to 50 people might have been connected to the
conspiracy.

Alberto Gonzales, the attorney general, suggested there might be prosecutions in
the US, although there had been no arrests or evidence of plotting on American
soil.

By Wednesday, Mr Chertoff said, the potential attackers "had accumulated and
assembled the capabilities they needed, and were in the final stages of planning
for execution".

Citing the British legal system as a reason for withholding further information,
officials painted a picture of close collaboration between British and American
investigators that had been stepped up in the last two weeks. Mr Chertoff said
that was when Washington had received the first definitive clues that the plot
would target American planes specifically.

But there was still uncertainty, he said, "about whether the British have
scooped up everybody".

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 28, 2001 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Prosecutors Promise Chilling Glimpse of Millennium Bomb Plot

BYLINE:  By LAURA MANSNERUS

SECTION: Section B; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 636 words


Federal prosecutors in Manhattan opened their case against a terrorism suspect
yesterday by describing a plot by Algerians to strike American targets during
the millennium celebrations at the end of 1999.

The plan collapsed, they said, as the Algerians turned to inexperienced
expatriates to carry out a scheme to bomb the Los Angeles airport.

In his opening statement at the trial of Mokhtar Haouari, the third defendant
tried in connection with the aborted plot, Joseph F. Bianco, an assistant United
States attorney, promised a "rare and chilling glimpse into the inside world of
terrorists."

The prosecutors have not argued that Mr. Haouari, 32, a former Montreal
shopkeeper, is an important figure in that world; Mr. Bianco depicted Mr.
Haouari as a lower-level recruit to an Islamic terrorist network.

Mr. Haouari's lawyer, Daniel J. Ollen, called his client "a semiretired con man
and a two-bit thief" but insisted that there was no evidence that he was a
terrorist.

Among the four Algerians charged in the aborted plot, Mr. Haouari now stands
alone.

Mr. Bianco confirmed that the would-be bomber, Ahmed Ressam, who was convicted
in April of smuggling explosives into Washington State from Canada, would
testify against Mr. Haouari. Another man identified as an accomplice, Abdel
Ghani Meskini, has also agreed in a plea agreement to testify for the
government. The fourth person charged, Abdelmajid Dahoumane, is being held in
Algeria.

In the courtroom yesterday, the prosecutor motioned toward Mr. Haouari and told
the jury that Mr. Ressam had "turned to this man" as the plot faltered.

Mr. Haouari, a slightly built man who had been silently taking in the
proceedings through a French interpreter, cursed, in English, bringing a
smoldering admonition from Judge John F. Keenan of United States District Court.

Mr. Haouari's lawyer, Mr. Ollen, disparaged Mr. Meskini and Mr. Ressam, "both
desperate men," as liars and terrorist operatives. He noted that Mr. Ressam had
decided to cooperate with the government only as his sentencing approached. The
sentencing, originally scheduled for today, has been postponed to July 25.

Mr. Ollen was even harsher with Mr. Meskini, who pleaded guilty in March and
testified at Mr. Ressam's trial in Los Angeles. Mr. Ollen said that Mr. Meskini,
whom he called "a thief, a liar, a con man, a hustler and a punk," became a
government informer after he arrived in Montreal as a stowaway and was
threatened with deportation. But his information, Mr. Ollen said, was
fabricated.

Prosecutors have described Mr. Haouari, Mr. Meskini and Mr. Ressam as young
expatriates who supported themselves with a combination of petty crime and small
retail businesses. In the prosecutors' account, Mr. Haouari knew Mr. Meskini in
Algeria and met Mr. Ressam later through Algerian friends in Canada.

Mr. Bianco said that Mr. Ressam trained in Afghanistan at a camp for jihad
fighters and that Mr. Haouari was eager to follow. Mr. Ressam recruited the
young shopkeeper, Mr. Haouari, when other compatriots who were supposed to plan
bombings in the United States were arrested, Mr. Bianco said.

Mr. Haouari is charged with conspiracy to commit a terrorist act and with
providing cash, false immigration documents and counterfeit credit cards to
co-conspirators. He has pleaded not guilty.

The prosecution says he enlisted his old friend Mr. Meskini, who was living in
Brooklyn, to go to Seattle with money and documents and help Mr. Ressam. Mr.
Ressam was arrested by border agents, however, before reaching Seattle.

Mr. Bianco said that Mr. Ressam would recount "an evil and chilling plan
involving death, destruction and explosion" that was meant to kill hundreds at
the Los Angeles airport. He said that Mr. Ressam would also describe the
operation of terrorist training camps in Afghanistan.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                         MAY 4, 1999 Tuesday SF EDITION

CREMATION RATES ON THE RISE AS FAMILIES BECOME MORE MOBILE, MANY PEOPLE ARE
CHOOSING AN ALTERNATIVE TO THE TRADITIONAL BURIAL. SOME CREMATIONS CAN BE JUST
AS EXPENSIVE.

BYLINE: Dianna Marder, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: FEATURES MAGAZINE: LIFESTYLE; Pg. F01

LENGTH: 1739 words


When Anne Wernick died suddenly in June, her husband, Steve, recalls, the family
was torn about the proper place for a burial.

The family plot at Sunset Memorial Park in Philadelphia's Somerton section
consisted of just two grave sites - one was occupied by Anne's mother and the
other was reserved for her father.

Anne, 36, had been estranged from her husband, and he was of a different
religion. Buying plots for the two of them did not make sense, and burying her
alone - even in the same cemetery as her mother - seemed out of the question.

So instead of buying any plot at all, the family chose cremation - and buried
Anne's remains on top of her mother's casket.

Anne's family, like a growing number of Americans, needed another burial option,
and cremation made it possible. That's one reason cremation rates are on the
rise nationally and in this region.

In Pennsylvania, the rate doubled in the last decade and is expected to nearly
double again by 2010. New Jersey's cremation rate is nearly twice as high as
Pennsylvania's and still growing, according to the Cremation Association of
North America (CANA).

Cremation is being used increasingly as American society becomes more mobile.
Fewer families own family plots or know where they want to be buried.

At the beginning of this century, young couples bought cemetery plots early in
their marriages - and needed them to bury children who died in infancy. But
those patterns changed, and the emerging generation no longer has a family plot.

They may not even have family nearby. Today, the cargo holds of jets taking off
from Florida's airports are loaded with human remains - bodies of the elderly
being shipped home for burial in the northern cities of their youth. The Fort
Lauderdale airport ships more bodies than any other in the world, according to
Jim Caudill, of the Fred Hunter funeral home in Florida.

Shipping a body from Fort Lauderdale costs a minimum of $1,600, and then there
are the funeral and burial costs back home, while cremated remains can be sent
by mail. And, as Anne Wernick's situation illustrates, many cemeteries will
allow the burial of cremated remains in an already occupied grave.

For some people, cost is the primary attraction of cremation. In this region,
cremation can cost as little as $360.

The Roman Catholic Church has sanctioned cremation since 1963. In 1989, the City
of Philadelphia began using cremation rather than in-ground burial for the dead
who could not be identified or went unclaimed by their families.

Islamic and Jewish laws prohibit cremation. And many Jews, even if they are not
Orthodox, reject cremation because it hearkens to the crematoriums used by the
Nazis.

In other cultures, cremation has long been preferred. Hinduism and Buddhism
permit it. Japan has a 90 percent cremation rate. There, family and friends
often gather in another room during the cremation process and take home the
remains.

There are nonprofit memorial societies in almost every state that operate almost
as buying clubs that help families get dramatic discounts for cremations as well
as for what is known in the industry as "full-body burials." In addition, there
are for-profit cremation societies that charge slightly more.

Anne Wernick's case shows that cremation can cost just as much or more than
in-ground burial if the family selects extras. Wernick's funeral and burial cost
$7,272.40 - and only $240 of that was the cost of actual cremation.

The death-care industry has responded to the cremation trend by discouraging the
practice of scattering remains and encouraging in-ground burial of cremated
remains - a step that often raises costs dramatically.

The remains can legally be buried in backyards, but a 1997 CANA survey showed
that 40 percent of families now prefer a cemetery. So, cemeteries are selling
sites beside creeks, under rose bushes and beside old oak trees - premium
locations that go for as much as $25,000.

And the range of more elaborate cremation-related products grows every year.

There are urns that double as humidors or jewelry boxes for display on the
bureau. Lockets and other keepsake styles make it possible for each member of
the family to have part of the loved one with them always. Cast bronze urns
resemble books for the shelf or cowboy boots that can sit by the fireplace for
$1,425.

One manufacturer sells its products with an additional gift for the family - a
tree planting program carried out through the U.S. Forest Service.

For those who still prefer scattering, the cost can be enhanced as well.

A company called Hawaii Aerial Scattering offers to scatter cremated remains
over the Pacific, "for those who always had a wish to visit Hawaii."

Another company, Celebrate Life, will load cremated remains into specially
designed fireworks shells and set them off over your favorite body of water to
the strains of "Somewhere Out There" or "Wind Beneath My Wings." Only $3,200.

And the spending doesn't stop there.

The industry encourages traditional funeral services to precede cremation - with
embalming, a viewing with an open casket, a service in the church or funeral
home with the body present - all this in addition to the purchase of an urn, a
vault to bury it in, and an engraved tombstone.

Industry officials say they have a duty to make families understand that they
may later regret not adding these trappings.

"We need to remind people of the importance of ritual," James Russell, of Watts
Vaults & Monument Co. in Iowa, said at a conference of the Cremation Association
of North America in August. He tells families: "The funeral without a body is
like a wedding without a bride."

"We tell families scattering is irreversible," said Vickie Zimmerman, of the
Wilbert Co., which sells caskets and urns. Her presentation on Countering
Consumer Resistance was the focus of a workshop at the CANA convention.

The funeral industry has even found a way to make money on cremations that
happened fifty years ago. The family that scattered remains long ago can now buy
an engraved plaque on the cemetery grounds - even though the remains are not at
that location.

"The survivors need a place to go, a permanent place of remembrance," said
Christine Hunsaker, of Service Corporation International. "And we're able to
provide that."

It is not necessary to go through a traditional funeral home to arrange for
cremation.

Elva Osborn, who died in a nursing home at age 84, leaving no survivors, left
instructions that her long-time boss, attorney Stanton Oswald, make arrangements
through the Cremation Society of Pennsylvania.

"Cost was not the motivating factor for Elva," Oswald said. "She had saved
enough for a fancy funeral. She just didn't want it."

The total cost for Elva's direct cremation in December 1997, including the
scattering of her remains over the Arizona desert, was $985. It would have cost
$200 less if Elva had paid $35 to become a member of the for-profit Cremation
Society before her death.

Dale Auer, a licensed funeral director, owns the Cremation Society of
Pennsylvania, which sounds like a nonprofit but is not.

Auer's company performs about 1,200 cremations a year. And 22,000 other people
have paid his $35 membership fee to ensure their future cremations by the
company - at a $200 discount.

At the time of death, their survivors will call a toll-free number and arrange
to sign the necessary forms.

Then the body will be removed from the place of death to Auer's Harrisburg
location, where it is refrigerated during a 24-hour waiting period before it is
cremated. No casket purchase is necessary.

Auer's is not the only company that specializes in direct cremation. In
Westville, N.J., William Stiefel runs a similar business called Associated
National Cremation Service, which charges $750. As the name implies, Stiefel's
business is national and, like Auer, he offers a travel insurance program that
covers the cost of transporting the body if death occurs in another state or
overseas.

Similar direct cremation businesses are listed in most telephone directories.

"We're the same as a funeral home," Auer said, "with no high overhead."

For More Information "Reflections," a booklet explaining the Roman Catholic
Church's views on cremation, is available through the National Conference of
Catholic Bishops by calling 1-800-235-8722. The group is also on the Internet at
www.nccbuscc.org

The following are businesses listed in the Philadelphia area Yellow Pages that
specialize in simple cremation:

Cremation Society of Pennsylvania, headquarters in Harrisburg and offices in
King of Prussia. 1-800-722-8200.

Delaware Valley Cremation Society, in the former Frankford Arsenal complex in
Philadelphia. Direct cremation is $755; less for public assistance recipients.
215-569-9110.

Associated National Cremation Service, in Westville, N.J. 1-800-999-6333.
Cremation Specialists, Media. 610-532-2308.

1-800-CREMATION and 1-800-FUNERAL are separate businesses that operate referral
networks similar to the medical and dental referral services. They are aimed at
relocating retirees who have never used a funeral home in their new communities,
and out-of-state family members making arrangements for retirees.

Options raise the price Anne Wernick's funeral and burial totaled $7,727.40. Of
that, only $240 was the cost of the cremation.

The family spent $1,495 for the casket Anne's body lay in during the viewing,
$325 for a one-piece urn-vault - a relatively new device that serves as both urn
and grave liner suitable for burial - and $810 to dig the grave.

A routine, 10-line death notice that ran for two days in The Inquirer cost the
family $225 - almost as much as the crematorium's fee.

Sunset Memorial Park, where Anne was buried, is owned by Stewart Enterprises -
one of three international conglomerates that dominate the industry.

Stewart also owns the Kirk & Nice Funeral Home, which has a chapel on the
grounds of Sunset, but families are free to use any other funeral director. The
Wernick family called Dunn-Givnish in Langhorne, the firm that had handled the
funeral of Anne's mother years before.

The biggest part of Anne Wernick's funeral bill - more costly than the casket -
was the professional services fee of $1,575 charged by Dunn-Givnish.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: The Burying Business
Why funeral costs stay so high
Third of five parts

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
David Drysdale Sr. checks the controls for one of the four retorts - or furnaces
- at Ivy Hill Cemetery and Crematory in Philadelphia. Below, chimneys rise
beyond grave makers at Ivy Hill. (CHARLES FOX, Inquirer Staff Photographer)
Just behind the chapel at Ivy Hill Cemetery and Crematory are the retorts for
cremation. In some cultures the family waits while the body is cremated.
(CHARLES FOX, Inquirer Staff Photographer)

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 9, 2015 Monday

USPTO Published Patent application of Adobe Systems Incorporated titled as
"CONFIGURABLE ANIMATED SCATTER PLOTS"

LENGTH: 248  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150067566, published on March 05, 2015, by Adobe Systems Incorporated, titled
as "CONFIGURABLE ANIMATED SCATTER PLOTS" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Baarz; Ryan S.; (Provo, UT) ; Cowan; Cameron R.; (Provo, UT)
Assignee:  Adobe Systems Incorporated
San Jose
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "In
embodiments of configurable animated scatter plots, a data visualization
interface includes a charting region to display data points in a scatter plot
format. A scatter plot application is implemented to receive a request to
display the data visualization interface at a client device, and initiate a
display of the data points in a scatter plot in the charting region of the data
visualization interface at the client device. The scatter plot application is
implemented to then recursively update the display of the data points based on
sequential data for each of the data points effective to animate a progression
of the data points in the scatter plot over a time duration. The next sequential
data is obtained for each of the data points and the display of each of the data
points in the scatter plot is updated at a respective position based on the next
sequential data."

The Patent was filed on August 30, 2013 under application No. 20150067566

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                             July 8, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Terrorist plot against N.Y. subway foiled: FBI says it has identified eight
suspects

BYLINE: Sheldon Alberts, CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 528  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - U.S. law enforcement officials on Friday said they had foiled a
terror plot to blow up commuter-train tunnels linking New York City to New
Jersey, including those leading to Lower Manhattan, the site of the Sept. 11,
2001, attacks on the World Trade Center.

At a news conference in New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation said it
had identified eight suspects in an emerging plot apparently designed to disrupt
the U.S. economy by flooding the financial district in Lower Manhattan.

Lebanese security officials, working in concert with the FBI, have arrested a
man in Beirut identified as an al-Qaida operative and mastermind of the plan,
the officials said.

"We believe we intercepted this group early in the plotting and that in fact the
plan has largely been disrupted," said Mark Mershon, assistant director of the
FBI's New York field office. "The plotting for this attack had matured to a
point where it appeared that the individuals were about to move forward. They
were about to go to a phase where they would attempt to surveil targets,
establish a regimen of attack and acquire the resources necessary to effectuate
the attacks."

Mershon, calling the bombing plot "the real deal," said the suspects wanted to
launch a suicide bomb attack in the PATH commuter trains linking the city to its
New Jersey suburbs.

"The plan involved martyrdom, explosives and some of the tubes that connect New
Jersey to Manhattan," he said, without specifying specific targets.

The disclosure of the alleged plot came on the first anniversary of the attack
on London's Underground that killed 52 people.

It is the third alleged North American bomb plot authorities said they have
disrupted in the last two months. In June, 400 police officers conducted a
series of raids, under Canada's Anti-terrorism Act, and arrested 17 suspects in
southern Ontario. Two weeks ago, the FBI said it had stopped a plan by suspects
in Miami to blow up Chicago's Sears Tower, though several terror experts have
questioned whether those alleged plotters had posed a serious security threat.

According to the FBI's Mershon, law enforcement and intelligence agents had been
monitoring "a group of al-Qaida followers" for almost a year prior through
discussions the suspects held on Internet chat rooms.

The plot was identified by intelligence officials who determined the suspects
were using code words to describe their plans to attack tunnels, officials said.

"It had not reached anything close to being operational," said New York police
commissioner Ray Kelly. But the suspects' desire to attack commuter trains
carrying hundreds of thousands of passengers each day shows "that New York still
remains in the cross-hairs of the terrorists."

Lebanese authorities said they had arrested 31-year-old Assem Hammoud and
obtained a confession from him swearing allegiance to Osama bin Laden and
revealing his hopes to carry out the attacks in New York this October or
November.

"After questioning he confessed ... that he was planning to travel to Pakistan
for four months training and that the date for the attack was decided to be late
in 2006," the Lebanese interior ministry said in a statement.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 20, 1995, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Oklahoma City Building Was Target Of Plot as Early as '83, Official Says

BYLINE: By JO THOMAS and RONALD SMOTHERS

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 6;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 1680 words


Twelve years before the Federal Building in Oklahoma City was bombed, a group of
white supremacists with close ties to the neo-Nazi group Aryan Nations drew up a
plan to bomb the same building in much the same way, according to evidence
gathered in the late 1980's by a Federal prosecutor.

The plot, conceived at the end of October 1983, called for parking a van or a
trailer in front of the Federal Building and blowing it up with rockets
detonated by a timer, the prosecutor, Steven N. Snyder, recalled in a recent
interview.

In a strange coincidence, Richard Wayne Snell, an Oklahoma man identified by a
Government witness as a participant in that plan, was executed in Arkansas this
April 19, the day of the actual bombing. He was 64 years old, called himself a
prisoner of war and had been convicted of two murders.

Although no evidence links Mr. Snell to last month's bombing or to either of the
suspects now charged with it, his impending execution had been protested by
right-wing paramilitary groups, which called him a patriot and termed the
Federal Government "the Beast."

Timothy J. McVeigh, the prime suspect in the Oklahoma City blast, has never
mentioned Mr. Snell, and Federal officials who investigated Mr. Snell on other
charges say they consider it unlikely that he or his supporters were involved.
Mr. Snyder -- who gathered evidence of the 1983 plot, including Mr. Snell's role
in it, while preparing for trial of a sedition case against a group of white
supremacists -- declined to say whether he had brought the similaries between
the 1983 plans and the bombing last month to the attention of investigators in
Oklahoma City.

Although evidence of an earlier plot does not itself demonstrate any links
between those identified as plotters then and those accused now, it does suggest
that the idea of bombing this particular Federal building could have been a
subject of discussion among small extremist groups for more than a decade.

The only links between Mr. McVeigh and people identified as the earlier
conspirators are extremely tenuous. Mr. McVeigh once got a traffic ticket in the
Fort Smith, Ark., area, where some of them lived, and several months ago his
sister Jennifer subscribed to The Patriot Report, a newsletter published there.

The details of the 1983 plan came from James D. Ellison, the founder of the
Covenant, the Sword and the Arm of the Lord, an anti-Semitic paramilitary group
that now appears to be defunct but once flourished in northern Arkansas.

Mr. Ellison's account first came to light when Mr. Snyder, an assistant United
States attorney in Fort Smith, interviewed him in preparation for his role as
the principal prosecution witness against 14 other white supremacists, including
10 charged with plotting to overthrow the Government by force. The trial was
held in 1988, and all the defendants were acquitted.

In addition to Mr. Snell, who was already on death row, the defendants included
Richard Girnt Butler, chief of the Aryan Nations, a neo-Nazi umbrella
organization for white supremacist groups that is based in Hayden Lake, Idaho;
Robert E. Miles, a former Ku Klux Klansman who headed the Mountain Church of
Jesus Christ the Saviour in Cohoctah, Mich., and Louis Ray Beam Jr., former
grand dragon of the Texas Ku Klux Klan and "ambassador at large" of the Aryan
Nations.

According to notes Mr. Snyder took before the trial, Mr. Ellison said he
attended a meeting of extremist groups in Hayden Lake in July 1983 and told them
of the death of Gordon Kahl, a member of yet another right-wing group, the Posse
Comitatus.  Mr. Kahl was a tax protester who fled North Dakota in early 1983
after a shootout with Federal agents and was subsequently shot to death in a gun
battle with agents in Smithville, Ark.

"Kahl was the catalyst that made everyone come forth and change the
organizations from thinkers to doers," Mr. Ellison said, according to Mr.
Snyder's notes.

In late-night meetings, Mr. Ellison told Mr. Snyder, the leaders at Hayden Lake
discussed how to topple the Government, using as a sourcebook "The Turner
Diaries," an extremist novel that envisions the Government's overthrow by
rightists who then systematically kill Jews and blacks. Mr. Ellison told Mr.
Snyder that he himself had volunteered to assassinate Federal officials in
Arkansas.

According to Mr. Snyder's notes, Mr. Ellison told him that the Ellison
organization had discussed plans to bomb Federal buildings and the Dallas office
of a Jewish organization.

At the 1988 trial of the 14 white supremacists, Mr. Ellison testified that in
October 1983, Mr. Snell and Steve Scott, an associate, "asked me to design a
rocket launcher that could be used to destroy these buildings from a distance."

"On one of the trips when I was with Wayne," Mr. Ellison said of Mr. Snell, "he
took me to some of the buildings and asked me to go in the building and check
the building out. This kind of thing."

And before the trial, Mr. Ellison told the prosecutor that at Mr. Snell's
request he had entered the Federal Building in Oklahoma City to gauge what it
would take to damage or destroy it.

Afterward, he testified in court, he made preliminary sketches and drawings.
Rocket launchers were to be "placed in a trailer or a van so that it could be
driven up to a given spot, parked there, and a timed detonating device could be
triggered so that the driver could walk away and leave the vehicle set in
position, and he would have time to clear the area before any of the rockets
launched."

"And I was asked to make it so it would fit in either a trailer or a van or a
panel truck," Mr. Ellison continued.

"Ellison," Mr. Snyder recalled, "said that Snell was bitter toward the
Government because of the I.R.S. And I think these were agents from the Oklahoma
City office, and they had taken him to court, and his property had been seized
by the F.B.I. and other agents in a raid. But you can't be sure about any of
this, because a Federal raid, to a lot of these people, is any time the postman
brings the mail."

In 1984, a black state trooper stopped Mr. Snell for a traffic violation near De
Queen, Ark. Mr. Snell shot the trooper, Louis Bryant, as he approached the
vehicle, then shot him again as he lay on the ground, killing him. Mr. Snell
always contended afterward that he had killed the officer in self-defense.

Mr. Snell fled and was chased to Broken Bow, Okla., where he was wounded in a
gun battle with the authorities before he was subdued. In his car, the police
found a gun that had been used the previous year in the robbery and murder of
William Stumpp, a Texarkana pawnbroker. Mr. Snell was convicted of both murders
and sentenced to death in the Stumpp case.

Mr. Snell always denied that murder, but Mr. Ellison said at the sedition trial
that Mr. Snell had killed Mr. Stumpp because he believed -- wrongly, as it
turned out -- that Mr. Stumpp was Jewish.

Mr. Ellison himself became a Government witness after plenty of trouble with the
law. On April 19, 1985 -- 10 years to the day before the Oklahoma City bombing
-- a heavily armed force of 200 state and Federal officers surrounded his remote
mountain compound on the shores of Bull Shoals Lake in northern Arkansas. A
four-day siege ended when he was persuaded to surrender by Robert G. Millar, who
is still the spiritual leader of an armed apocalypic sect in Elohim City, a
rural compound near Muldrow, Okla.

Three months later, on July 17, Mr. Ellison was convicted of racketeering
charges. And two months after that, he was sentenced to 20 years in prison. The
following year, he agreed to become a Government witness.

The defense at the sedition trial contended that Mr. Ellison had farbricated the
conspiracy. Having listened for seven weeks, an all-white jury acquitted all the
defendants.  Afterward, one juror announced that she had fallen in love with one
of the defendants and planned to marry him.

After the trial, Mr. Ellison went to prison, entered the Federal witness
protection program and eventually ended up living on parole in Jasper, Fla.,
midway between Tallahassee and Jacksonville. He later left the witness program,
finished his parole on April 21, two days after the Oklahoma City bombing, and
was last seen that day in Jasper with two women, driving a car with Oklahoma
plates.

From his prison cell in Varner, Ark., Mr. Snell began publishing a periodic
newsletter, The Seekers, which told of the "war to establish righteousness," a
war in which he considered himself a P.O.W.

The Militia of Montana, which rallied to Mr. Snell's cause in the March issue of
its publication, Taking Aim, reminded its readers that his execution was set for
April 19.

"If this date does not ring a bell for you then maybe this will jog your
memory," the newsletter said. "1.  April 19, 1775: Lexington burned; 2. April
19, 1943: Warsaw burned; 3. April 19, 1992: The fed's attempted to raid Randy
Weaver, but had their plans thwarted when concerned citizens arrived on the
scene with supplies for the Weaver family totally unaware of what was to take
place; 4. April 19, 1993: The Branch Davidians burned; 5. April 19, 1995:
Richard Snell will be executed -- unless we act now!!!"

The action suggested in a note written by Mary Snell, his wife, and published by
the newsletter, was to flood the Arkansas Governor's office with letters.

As his execution approached, Mr. Snell was frequently visited by Mr. Millar, who
shared Mr. Snell's final hours, witnessed his execution and took his body to
Elohim City the next day for burial.

Mr. Snell watched televised reports of the Oklahoma City bombing on the very day
he died, Mr. Millar said, and was appalled by what he saw.

Mr. Snell's last words, however, were threatening. He addressed them to Gov. Jim
Guy Tucker just as he was strapped to a gurney for execution by lethal
injection.

"Governor Tucker, look over your shoulder," witnesses quote him as saying.
"Justice is coming. I wouldn't trade places with you or any of your cronies.
Hail the victory. I am at peace."

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Richard Wayne Snell, above, executed for murder on the day of
the Oklahoma City bombing, was identified by James D. Ellison, below, as a
conspirator in a virtually identical plot 12 years ago. (Photographs by
Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                            Food Plot Resources LLC

                                  P.O. Box 187
                               Subiaco,  AR 72865
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.foodplotresources.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Food Plot Resources LLC, was created in fall 2009 after our founders decided
more accurate and honest food plot advice was needed for hunters. Most of
today's prepackaged food plot products are overpriced and poorly formulated, and
it's hard to find unbiased information about food plot forages.  Our founders,
advisors and contributors work, or have worked, in the seed industry for years,
including many that have worked for food plot seed companies. Our group works
for, or has relationships with, the most advanced forage research organizations,
seed producers, seed distributors and agronomists in the business Ã¢â^"
resources that far exceed the expertise any one food plot seed company
possesses. Furthermore, we have close contacts with groups that have performed
extensive nutritional research on deer, in regards to feed and mineral needs.
Our group has worked for, or with, nearly every major food plot seed company and
several mineral/feed research organizations. Our combined experience with these
companies gives us a unique insight into how and why they formulate products.
In summary, our group's combined knowledge about food plot products and deer
nutrition is second to none. We are more than just agronomists, forage experts
and deer nutritionists, we are also serious hunters. Our group has killed
several B&C bucks and many P&Y deer.  We hope you benefit from the information
we have been able to compile and present on this Web site. And our primary goal
is to offer

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                             August 20, 2006 Sunday

Airport world tough - again

BYLINE: By Mason Stockstill, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 641 words


ONTARIO - It's a new world at the airport --again.

National Guard troops with guns searching passengers. Increasingly longer lines
to check baggage. And -- gasp --no bottled water.

Ever since the nation's terror alert was raised Aug. 10 following a foiled
terror plot involving flights from the United Kingdom to the United States,
passengers at airports here have had to readjust themselves to a new set of
standards for air travel. Photo Galleries:
  Ontario International Airport on High Alert after Terror Plot
  Terror plot defeated
  LAX on High Alert, Friday 08/11

Related Articles:
  At ONT, travelers put up with more security
  New airport rules will have varying effects on businesses
  British foil plot to kill thousands in jetliners over Atlantic
"All we have is a planning forecast of seven to 30 days," said Maj. Dan Markert
of the California National Guard, adding that individual airports have most of
the say on how long troops will remain.

The National Guard is assisting with security efforts at seven airports
throughout the state, including Ontario International Airport. The other
airports are in Los Angeles, San Francisco, San Jose, San Diego, Orange County
and Burbank.

Likewise, there's no official timetable for how long the new restrictions on
liquids and gels in carry-on baggage will remain in place.

The Transportation Security Administration has altered the ban several times --
for example, non-prescription liquid medicines are now allowed, as long as it's
less than four ounces.

The restrictions have prompted more travelers to check baggage on their flights,
rather than simply carrying everything they need with them into the cabin.

Southwest Airlines doesn't have an official tally, but spokeswoman Whitney
Eichinger said passengers checking bags are up about 25 percent.

"That's been the feel from our groups who are working most closely with our
bags," Eichinger said. Southwest is the largest carrier in terms of passengers
at ONT.

Because of long lines to check in baggage and the potential for more scrutiny
during the passenger screening process, airlines are advising travelers to
arrive at the airport two hours prior to their departures.

The new airport procedures are reminiscent of the changes across the country and
the world in the weeks and months following the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist
attacks.

Prior to 9/11, passenger screening ranged from strict to nonexistent, and people
without plane tickets could walk freely throughout airports' terminal and gate
areas.

But it's more than just the higher level of security that's changed in the
aftermath of the recent arrests in Britain. Many travel industries are now
taking steps to pick up the slack in terms of what travelers can and can't bring
with them.

For example, Avis rental cars at 25 U.S. airports now come with free packets of
toothpaste and mouthwash --which many travelers had to discard at airports after
they were banned in carry-on bags.

"It's the least we can do after a long day of travel and losing products that
you've paid for," said Tonia Elrod, a spokeswoman for Procter & Gamble, the
Cincinnati-based maker of household products that donated the items.

Additionally, some high-end hotel companies are adding similar complimentary
items to their usual offerings of shampoo and soap.

Wyndham Hotels & Resorts, for example, began giving customers free bottled water
and contact lens solution. Omni Hotels has stocked up on cosmetics, including
hair gel and moisturizers.

"We were saying, 'Our guests are going to be arriving at the end of a very
stressful day,' " said Omni spokeswoman Christine Connelly. "In terms of the
cost, it's not about the money. It's about doing the right thing."

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Mason Stockstill can be reached by e-mail at mason.stockstill@dailybulletin.com,
or by phone at (909) 483-9354.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          December 22, 2010 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Follow the Israeli model

BYLINE: Asra Q. Nomani

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 445 words


America is at war in Afghanistan and Iraq, but we face a battle front closer to
home: our airports and airliners.

In 1998, after a foiled plot by 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed to bomb
U.S.-bound jets, Osama bin Laden urged Muslims to down U.S. and Israeli jets in
"pitiless and violent" attacks. Since then, we've had a series of
al-Qaeda-inspired plots, including three schemes against Los Angeles and New
York airports, "shoe bomber" Richard Reid, the Christmas 2009 "underwear bomber"
and the recent air-cargo bomb attempt. And, of course, the plot we will never
forget, on Sept. 11, 2001.

Sadly, to me, as an American Muslim, there is one common denominator to these
plots: The perpetrators are all Muslim.

As a nation, we need to be less politically correct and more pragmatic in
assessing threats. It's a painful choice, but we should follow the Israeli model
and allow profiling based on religion, race, ethnicity, gender, national origin
and age, as part of a wider screening strategy that includes behavioral
profiling. Profiling makes sense whether it involves screening white Christian
extremists to find those intent on bombing abortion clinics or Muslims to find
al-Qaeda operatives targeting airliners.

The Justice Department has said that because of the "incalculably high stakes
involved" in preventing "catastrophic events," such as jet attacks, airport
screeners "may consider race, ethnicity, and other relevant factors."

There are several ways to implement this strategy:

*Ensure that profiling is limited to threat assessment, not harassment or
discrimination.

*Have passengers input into a database vital information -- Social Security,
driver's license or passport numbers -- when they make an airline reservation to
clearly establish identities, travel patterns and, when possible, other elements
as part of pre-screening. Let fliers voluntarily add more data, such as race,
religion, ethnicity and national origin, to the database. Let security officials
access that database for use in secondary screening at the airport.

*Train a larger cadre of professional screeners in identity and behavioral
profiling so they can respectfully use both to identify people for extra
screening.

With an honest national conversation about the threat from a small, radicalized
group of Muslims, I believe we can marginalize and defeat their interpretation
of Islam. And, I hope, soon see a day when Muslims will no longer be a part of
the threat profile.

Asra Q. Nomani, a former Wall Street Journal reporter who covered airlines, is
the author of Standing Alone: An American Woman's Struggle for the Soul of
Islam. She teaches journalism at Georgetown University.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 26, 1993, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Sheik indicted in bombing

BYLINE: Bruce Frankel

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 366 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Muslim Sheik Omar Abdel-Rahman was charged Wednesday with leading the terrorist
organization that bombed the World Trade Center.

He also is accused of plotting to blow up the United Nations and conspiring to
kill Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak.

The sweeping 30-page federal indictment comes six months after the Feb. 26 Trade
Center blast that killed six and injured more than 1,000.

It also charged imprisoned El Sayyid Nosair in the plots, and charged him again
in the 1990 assassination of militant Rabbi Meir Kahane.

Nosair, acquitted on state murder charges in the slaying, is serving a 22-year
sentence on related weapons charges.

The indictment charges 15 people - including Abdel-Rahman and three other new
suspects - with participating in a terrorist cell that has carried out bombings
and murders and plotted against government and military installations in the USA
and abroad since 1989.

Arraignment is scheduled today in Manhattan under heavy police protection. The
indictment says Abdel-Rahman:

"Provided instruction regarding whether particular acts of terrorism were
permissible or forbidden.

"Served as a mediator" of internal disputes.

Ordered others to find out if authorities had infiltrated the terrorist
organization.

"This is the closest I've ever seen to using the criminal justice system to
indict a religious group for religious teachings," said Ron Kuby, a lawyer in
William Kunstler's office, which is representing two suspects and represented
Nosair at trial.

Abdel-Rahman's immigration lawyer, Barbara Nelson, said there's no basis for the
indictment.

Rahman, 55, has been held in a federal prison since an immigration judge ordered
him deported in July.

"The bigger the balloon, the easier it's going to be to puncture," said Kenneth
Wasserman, whose client Clement Rodney Hampton-El is charged with supplying
firearms, explosives and expertise.

Experts say the new indictment is based on hundreds of hours of tape recordings
made by informant Emad Salem.

"The tapes pretty clearly show that the sheik had command and control of the
organization's plans to kill Mubarak," says Vincent Cannistraro, ex-CIA
counterterrorism operations chief.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, color, AP

See related story; 03A

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             April 10, 2012 Tuesday

Family's grief over treacherous 'plot'

BYLINE: Jennifer Gould Keil and Kieran Crowley

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 282 words


The grief-stricken family of a Wall Street executive was stunned after his death
to find that the cemetery plot he had bought for himself 29 years ago was
occupied.

Richard Schultz's widow and children were told that his plot at a Long Island
cemetery had accidentally been sold by their synagogue to someone else.

"It was a weird, surreal experience to have him die, and this just made
everything stranger," said Schultz's daughter Cynthia Hornig.

Now, her mother, widow Judith Schultz, is seeking $25,000 from the synagogue.
She filed suit in Suffolk State Supreme Court on Friday.

Schultz, the founder, president and CEO of Triad Securities, had the foresight
to buy four adjoining plots in 1983 for $1,800 from the Dix Hills Jewish Center,
which had deeds to the plots located at the New Montefiore Cemetery.

He buried his mother in one plot after her death in 1994 and his father in
another in 2006 - and thought the two remaining plots would be kept vacant for
him and his wife.

But when Schultz, who is from Manhattan, died of cancer in January, family
members found the spaces had been sold to other people.

"They said we had no plots," Hornig said.

"My father planned to rest in all eternity next to his wife and his parents.
Instead that space beside my grandparents was occupied by strangers."

The synagogue offered another plot for Schultz, but it was a distance away and
near the Southern State Parkway, she said.

"Not only did the synagogue not help, but they were downright rude - and my
mother was a founding member of the synagogue!" Hornig said.

Schultz's family eventually found another plot in the same cemetery, next to
Judith Schultz's parents.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Taken: Cynthia Hornig with dad Richard Schultz.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mercury (South Africa)

                           September 15, 2009 Tuesday
                                   E2 Edition

Trio get life in jail for plot to follow up 9/11

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 259 words


LONDON: Three British Muslims were sentenced yesterday to life in jail for
plotting to blow up transatlantic airliners with liquid bombs in
al-Qaeda-inspired suicide attacks on the scale of September 11.

Judge Richard Henriques said the planned "terrorist outrage" was "the most grave
and wicked conspiracy ever proven within this jurisdiction", as he passed
sentence at the top-security Woolwich Crown Court in southeast London.

"The intention was to perpetrate a terrorist outrage that would stand alongside
the events of September 11, 2001, in history," he said.

Ringleader Abdulla Ahmed Ali, 28, was sentenced to life imprisonment with a
minimum 40-year term.

The plot's "quartermaster" Assad Sarwar, 29, must spend a minimum of 36 years in
jail, while fellow plotter Tanvir Hussain, 28, said to have been Ali's
right-hand man, must spend at least 32 years behind bars.

The plot, foiled in August, 2006, triggered the wide-ranging rules now in place
on carrying liquids aboard commercial aircraft. The counter-terrorism operation
to foil the plot was the biggest in Britain, costing £35 million (R440m).

Henriques said: "I'm satisfied that there is every likelihood that this plot
would have succeeded but for the intervention of the police and the security
service.

"A massive loss of life would almost certainly have resulted."

The plotters targeted seven flights from London's Heathrow airport to New York,
Washington, Chicago, San Francisco, Toronto and Montreal.

The evidence included 26 000 exhibits. Police examined 14 000 gigabytes of data.
- Sapa-AFP

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NM


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 1, 1997, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Marijuana Worth $26 Million Seized by Authorities in Idaho

BYLINE: By The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 11; Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 673 words

DATELINE: BOISE, Idaho, Aug. 30


In a mountainous area north of here that is far better known for raising cattle
than for growing marijuana, the authorities have seized more than 76,000
marijuana plants in a series of raids in rugged terrain.

The raids this month by a joint force of Federal, state and local
law-enforcement officers came on the eve of the fall marijuana harvest, and the
authorities estimated the crop would have brought more than $26 million from
consumers.

Based on the size of the plants, up to eight feet high, the authorities
estimated that some of the plots were four years old. The size of the operation
shocked the authorities as well as residents.

"I couldn't believe how they'd done it for so long right under our noses," said
Sheriff Jim Nelson of Washington County, where most of the plots were situated.
"Before, your biggest pot bust in the county was maybe 10 plants."

In four raids -- the first on Aug. 5 and the last on Wednesday -- the
authorities arrested 10 people on two felony counts each of conspiracy to
manufacture marijuana and conspiracy to distribute marijuana. Nine were illegal
immigrants and the 10th was an Idaho resident.

Three other illegal immigrants were indicted by a Federal grand jury on the same
charges and are being sought. The maximum penalty for each count is 10 years in
prison.

It appeared to be a single growing operation, said Monte Stiles, an assistant
United States attorney here.

Those arrested were living in rustic conditions near the marijuana plots that
they were accused of tending. Officials said the raids had been based on a tip
from a rancher, whose name they did not disclose.

Federal officials said they, too, were surprised by the size of the outdoor
plots, because the Idaho climate is not known as conducive for growing the
plant.

"Idaho historically has not been viewed as a producer of high-quality
marijuana," said Walter Johnson, chief of law enforcement for the Bureau of Land
Management. "But this was clearly a commercial operation."

Most of the plants, about 44,000, were being grown on land owned by the bureau.
The plots were found around three small towns about 50 miles north of here.
Eight were at Midvale; six near Weiser, about 15 miles south of Midvale, and two
at Ola, about 30 miles east of those two communities.

The number of plants seized pales compared with that discovered in some big
marijuana-producing states like California, Hawaii, Kentucky and Tennessee.

Law-enforcement experts say the discovery of outdoor marijuana farms in Idaho
underscores a national trend in which growers are setting up increasingly
sophisticated outdoor and indoor growing operations to supply millions of pounds
of marijuana for American consumption.

Six defendants await trail in Eugene, Ore., on charges stemming from the seizure
of 7,000 marijuana plants being grown indoors. The plants were discovered inside
a hut with remote-control lights, a thermostat and water systems.

"It was more sophisticated than anything we had ever seen before," said Pat
Stenkamp, a Federal Drug Enforcement Administration agent in charge in Eugene.

On Tuesday, Sheriff Nelson of Washington County showed how the marijuana growers
had escaped detection. After a trip up a hilly dirt road near Weiser in a
four-wheel-drive vehicle, he pointed to a thicket of thorny bushes. "There it
is," he said.

Ducking beneath the bushes, he led the way to a marijuana plot and a green tent
full of the growers' clothes, food, stoves, pornography magazines and laundry
detergent.

Spring water trickled downhill on either side of the plot, where two-inch stumps
-- all that remained of eight-foot-high marijuana plants -- stuck out of the
ground in rows under the shady canopy.

"We were pulling plants for two days to haul all of this stuff out of here,"
Sheriff Nelson said. "You can see this stuff if you're on the inside, but from
the outside, you can't see a thing.

"If you look around, there's 20 million draws in the mountains just like this
one," he said. "We're still looking."

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           February 2, 2011 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

A boom in community gardens;
Folks are motivated by saving money, growing their food chemical-free or simply
having fun.

BYLINE: MARY JANE SMETANKA; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1AA

LENGTH: 903 words


Dozens of gardeners in Hopkins have Monday, March 7 circled on their calendars,
when they'll make a run to City Hall to stand in line at 8 a.m. with green
thumbs crossed.

That's when 190 community garden plots at Valley Park can be reserved for the
growing season on a first-come, first-served basis. Last year, every garden was
taken by noon on the first day of signup.

"We're trying to catch up with the demand," said Jim Genellie, Hopkins assistant
city manager. "The whole idea of growing your own food has become more popular
in the recession."

All over the west metro, registration for city community garden plots has begun
or starts shortly. Community gardens are riding a crest of popularity linked to
tough economic times and a craving for home-grown produce that people know is
chemical-free.

This spring, Bloomington will expand its community gardens at Smith Park on the
city's east side from 30 to 54 plots and add 28 new gardens at Harrison Park in
the city's center. Registration begins Friday.

Last year, Bloomington had applicants from Richfield, Minneapolis, St. Paul,
Edina and even Woodbury. First priority goes to people who previously rented a
garden plot, followed by residents, then people from outside the city. Jim Urie,
the Bloomington Farmers Market coordinator who supervises community gardens,
said plots are quickly taken by residents and returning gardeners.

"We've been fully subscribed the last couple of years," he said. "A lot of
families want their kids to learn about where food comes from and how vegetables
grow.

"Some of the things I took for granted growing up, kids don't know. They don't
know what a bean plant looks like or how peas grow."

Gardeners cross all demographic lines. They include homeowners looking for a
sunny space to grow vegetables, apartment dwellers, senior citizens who live in
condos, immigrants who farmed in their homeland, people who are trying to save
money on groceries and gardeners who are just having fun.

"I do think it's part of the sustainability issue; the city wants to support
activities that support physical and emotional well-being," Urie said. "It's
exercise. It's social interaction when you meet someone else who's gardening."

The size and cost of renting a plot varies from city to city. In most locations,
plots range from 10 by 15 feet to 20 by 20 feet and cost between $15 and $35 for
the summer. Other cities like Eden Prairie offer not only small garden spaces
but larger plots. Eden Prairie has some reaching as big 20 by 60 feet and
costing $108 for the summer, or $84 for senior citizens.

Many cities till gardens in the spring and fall and mark the plots. Some,
including Bloomington and Eden Prairie, offer water on site by faucet or water
tanks. Others, like Hopkins and Minnetonka, ask people to bring their own water
or allow them to fill containers from nearby creeks.

Minnetonka has had community gardens at Kelly Park since the mid-1970s, but
"they've increased in popularity quite a bit in the last few years," said Dave
Johnson, the city's recreation services director.

In 2009, the 44 garden plots offered at the site were expanded to 50, and the
site is full, Johnson said. Last year all of the plots were taken in two days.

"Peoples' lifestyles are changing," Johnson said. "People are trying to eat
better and they like to grow their own vegetables."

He said the city has looked for sites for new community gardens, but wants to
keep the other open park space it has for play space and athletic fields.

Hopkins, too, has discussed expanding community gardens, but the city doesn't
want to dig up more park land, Genellie said. The city squeezed capacity at
Valley Park by limiting the number of plots people can have to two instead of
the three or four that some gardeners have requested. The city requires people
to register for plots in person, with identification, to make sure they live in
the Hopkins.

"At the moment, we're pretty much maxed-out for garden plots," Genellie said.

Registration for the roughly 120 plots in Eden Prairie's Pioneer Trail Gardens
and Pioneer Park has already opened.

"Demand is good," said Brenda Uting, parks and recreation administrative
assistant. "We had a huge increase in demand in the gardening season of 2009."

Uting said she expects all the plots to be taken again this year. As of last
week, she said, she had 19 applications when in previous years she might have
had "two people who think of gardening in January." Because returning gardeners
get first dibs on a plot if they apply by April 15, some of the demand for space
is not yet apparent this early in the year, she said.

Gardeners include senior citizens who lost their yards when they moved into
senior housing, young families and low-income families who are steered toward
the gardens by the food and financial assistance agency PROP, which helps them
pay the rent on plots.

Gardeners tend to manage things on site themselves, Uting said. Everyone notices
when a supposedly reserved plot sits idle while plants start popping on
surrounding sites.

"Gardeners call in and say when a plot is not in use," she said. While some hint
that they'd be quite happy taking it over, Uting goes to the waiting list for
the next gardener.

More information is available on the website of the nonprofit Gardening Matters,
which keeps a list of community gardens and contact information at
www.gardeningmatters.org/.

Mary Jane Smetanka - 612-673-7380

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Do you know me?;
UK 9/11' suspect quizzes al-Qaeda terrorist in court

BYLINE: ADRIAN SHAW

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 304 words


A BRITISH-BASED Muslim alleged to have plotted to blow up Manchester's Arndale
shopping mall took centre stage in a New York court last night.

Abid Naseer, 28, cross-examined a convicted Afghan bomb plotter and asked if he
had ever seen his face before.

Najibullah Zazi, who has admitted making a bomb he planned to detonate on the
New York subway in 2009, replied: "Not that I remember."

Naseer has been extradited to America from the UK accused of being part of an
al-Qaeda plot to bomb western targets. He was arrested days before the alleged
plot to blow up Manchester's shopping area.

The Pakistan national, who is conducting his own defence, and Zasi, a
prosecution witness, wished each other "good morning" in Brooklyn federal court.

Naseer, who hopes to prove he has "no extremist or jihadist views", has spent
much of his time since extradition studying law books.

But US assistant attorney Celia Cohen told the court: "The defendant's terrorist
plot went all the way up to the top of al-Qaeda, to none other than Osama bin
Laden." The jury is expected to hear evidence from six British intelligence
agents who will be allowed to disguise themselves in wigs. The jury was told
other attacks were planned in New York and Copenhagen.

Naseer was said to have set up email accounts in which he referred to his
forthcoming wedding. However, the authorities say the entries were code to
indicate attacks were imminent.

Ms Cohen said Naseer was trained in bomb making at al-Qaeda terror camps.

The UK end of the alleged plot involved exploding bombs in Manchester's Arndale
centre over Easter 2009 to wreak maximum havoc.

Naseer was one of 12 men arrested in Britain on suspicion of involvement in a
bomb plot.

Naseer said at the time he had travelled to Manchester to study and earn a
degree.

The trial continues.

adrian.shaw@mirror.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TERROR BOSS OsamaIN THE DOCK Abid Naseer challenges ZaziTARGET The
Arndale Centre, Manchester'BOMB PLOTS' Naseer is facing trial in New York

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2015 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Health and Human Services Issues Solicitation
for "Partek Software License Renewal"

LENGTH: 1014  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Health and Human Services, National Institutes of Health Officer
has issued requirement for "Partek Software License Renewal."

Solicitation no. DL2925311          Posted on: October 21, 2014

Notice Type: Presolicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 511

Description: THIS IS A NOTICE OF INTENT AND NOT A REQUEST FOR QUOTATIONS. The
National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS), Research Triangle
Park, NC intends to negotiate on a sole source basis with Partek Inc., St.
Louis, MO 63141 pursuant to 41 U.S.C.253(c)(1)--Only one responsible source and
no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. This procurement
is for renewal of five (5) existing Floating Concurrent Subscriptions for Partek
Genomics Suite Software for a one (1) year period. The renewal consists of the
following components: #1010FS Partek Genomics Suite, #1012S Partek Flow Server
1.0, #1012C Parket Flow Client, and #1009 Partek Onsite Training. The Partek
Genomics Suite Software provides a complete genomics analysis toolset. Summary
of Features for Partek Genomics Suite: A) Genomic Features: - Affymetrix
GeneChip-compatible for gene expression, exon expression, chromosomal copy
number, tiling, and SNP analysis - Automatically connect to genomic databases
and third-party applications, such as NetAffx, UCSC Genome Browser, Ingenuity's
IPA, etc. - For Exon Analysis: import and normalization for exon analysis, exon
on gene visualizations, special adaptations of mixed model AVONA to detect
alternative splicing, and gene level summarization - For Chromosomal Copy Number
Analysis: import from Affymetrix CNAT and CEL files, import LOH from CHP files,
import from CNAG and dChip, copy number estimation for 10K, 100K, 500K,
Genome-Wide Human SNP Array 5.0, and Genome-Wide Human SNP Array 6.0, normalize
data with supplied reference or user supplied reference data, analyze copy
number from genotype mapping, expression, exon, and tiling arrays, analyze copy
number using SNP, copy number or both probe types for Affymetrix Genome-Wide SNP
Array 5.0 and SNP Array 6.0, automatically detect regions of amplification and
deletion, based on formal statistics - For SNP Analysis: calculate genotype
calls using BRLMM, BRLMM-p, or Birdseed via Affymetrix Power Tools (APT), import
genotype calls from Affymetrix CHP files or text files, perform whole genome chi
square association tests, Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium and linkage disequilibrium,
find and display regions of LOH, and calculate and display allele ratio - For
Tiling Analysis: import from Affymetrix CEL files and analyze regulation data
with HMM Region detection - Genomic smoothing though HMM, Gaussian, Mean Shift,
and Median Smoothing methods - Custom Genomic Visualizations: Genome Viewer,
Chromosome Viewer, M vs A plot, Volcano plot, and chip images in the spreadsheet
B) Spreadsheet Features: - No limit to the number of rows or columns in the
spreadsheet - Import from flat files, Excel, or any ODBC compliant database -
Data filtering by rows or columns - Visualization includes scatter plot,
histogram, dot plot, intensity plot, star plot, profile plot, box and whiskers,
normal and uniform probability plots, Venn diagram, XY plot, and barchart -
Graphic properties can be rendered by user-defined settings - Image output
formats include GIF, TIFF, PNG, JPEG, PPM, and SVG - External link manager
allows for user-defined third party connection preferences C) Statistical
Features: - Summary statistics, measures of association - Data transformations
including scaling, normalization, ranks and scores, smoothing, and distance and
similarity measures - Parametric tests include one sample t-test, one sample
z-test, two sample t-test (equal and unequal variance), ANOVA (N-way, repeated
measures, mixed-model, ANCOVA, etc), Survival Analysis - Nonparametric test
include Mann-Whitney, Kruskal-Wallis, Chi-Square, Fisher Exact, McNemar,
Friedman, Quade, Kolmogorov-Smirnov, and multiple test corrections for p-values
- Other analysis methods include false discovery rate, principal components
analysis, multidimensional scaling, correspondence analysis, cluster analysis,
similarity matching, predictive modeling, variable selection, K-nearest neighbor
classifier, nearest centroid classifier, discriminant analysis, multi-layer
perceptron, and multiple prototype classifier D) Software Features: -
Inter-process communication - Tutorials and documentation - Flexible licensing
options - Supported on Windows Vista/XP/2000, Linux and Intel based Macintosh.
This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals; however, all
responses received within 3 days from the date of publication of this synopsis
will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to
compete this proposed contract action based upon responses to this notice is
solely with the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally
be considered for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive
procurement. If no affirmative responses are received within 3 days of this
notice to determine whether a qualified source is more advantageous to the
Government, the order will be issued to Partek, Inc. The NAICS Code/Size is
511210/$25 Million. This procurement is to be processed using Simplified
Acquisition Procedures in conjunction with FAR Part 12 Commercial Item
Acquisition of Commercial Items. There is no solicitation package available. For
any questions regarding this announcement, please contact Dee Lunney via email
lunney@niehs.nih.gov

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Apr 04, 2014 3:30 pm Eastern

Contact Details: Office of Acquisitions, Office of Management
530 Davis Drive

Durham, North Carolina 27713
United States

Point of Contact(s): Deitra Lunney
lunney@niehs.nih.gov
Phone: 919-541-0387

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=aff5be659ceed8ae8f8d41d2d42eb047&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 29, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Health and Human Services Issues Solicitation
for "Partek Software License Renewal"

LENGTH: 1015  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Health and Human Services, National Institutes of Health Officer
has issued requirement for "Partek Software License Renewal."

Solicitation no. DL2925311          Posted on: August 29, 2014

Notice Type: Presolicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 511

Description: THIS IS A NOTICE OF INTENT AND NOT A REQUEST FOR QUOTATIONS. The
National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS), Research Triangle
Park, NC intends to negotiate on a sole source basis with Partek Inc., St.
Louis, MO 63141 pursuant to 41 U.S.C.253(c)(1)--Only one responsible source and
no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. This procurement
is for renewal of five (5) existing Floating Concurrent Subscriptions for Partek
Genomics Suite Software for a one (1) year period. The renewal consists of the
following components: #1010FS Partek Genomics Suite, #1012S Partek Flow Server
1.0, #1012C Parket Flow Client, and #1009 Partek Onsite Training. The Partek
Genomics Suite Software provides a complete genomics analysis toolset. Summary
of Features for Partek Genomics Suite: A) Genomic Features: - Affymetrix
GeneChip-compatible for gene expression, exon expression, chromosomal copy
number, tiling, and SNP analysis - Automatically connect to genomic databases
and third-party applications, such as NetAffx, UCSC Genome Browser, Ingenuity's
IPA, etc. - For Exon Analysis: import and normalization for exon analysis, exon
on gene visualizations, special adaptations of mixed model AVONA to detect
alternative splicing, and gene level summarization - For Chromosomal Copy Number
Analysis: import from Affymetrix CNAT and CEL files, import LOH from CHP files,
import from CNAG and dChip, copy number estimation for 10K, 100K, 500K,
Genome-Wide Human SNP Array 5.0, and Genome-Wide Human SNP Array 6.0, normalize
data with supplied reference or user supplied reference data, analyze copy
number from genotype mapping, expression, exon, and tiling arrays, analyze copy
number using SNP, copy number or both probe types for Affymetrix Genome-Wide SNP
Array 5.0 and SNP Array 6.0, automatically detect regions of amplification and
deletion, based on formal statistics - For SNP Analysis: calculate genotype
calls using BRLMM, BRLMM-p, or Birdseed via Affymetrix Power Tools (APT), import
genotype calls from Affymetrix CHP files or text files, perform whole genome chi
square association tests, Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium and linkage disequilibrium,
find and display regions of LOH, and calculate and display allele ratio - For
Tiling Analysis: import from Affymetrix CEL files and analyze regulation data
with HMM Region detection - Genomic smoothing though HMM, Gaussian, Mean Shift,
and Median Smoothing methods - Custom Genomic Visualizations: Genome Viewer,
Chromosome Viewer, M vs A plot, Volcano plot, and chip images in the spreadsheet
B) Spreadsheet Features: - No limit to the number of rows or columns in the
spreadsheet - Import from flat files, Excel, or any ODBC compliant database -
Data filtering by rows or columns - Visualization includes scatter plot,
histogram, dot plot, intensity plot, star plot, profile plot, box and whiskers,
normal and uniform probability plots, Venn diagram, XY plot, and barchart -
Graphic properties can be rendered by user-defined settings - Image output
formats include GIF, TIFF, PNG, JPEG, PPM, and SVG - External link manager
allows for user-defined third party connection preferences C) Statistical
Features: - Summary statistics, measures of association - Data transformations
including scaling, normalization, ranks and scores, smoothing, and distance and
similarity measures - Parametric tests include one sample t-test, one sample
z-test, two sample t-test (equal and unequal variance), ANOVA (N-way, repeated
measures, mixed-model, ANCOVA, etc), Survival Analysis - Nonparametric test
include Mann-Whitney, Kruskal-Wallis, Chi-Square, Fisher Exact, McNemar,
Friedman, Quade, Kolmogorov-Smirnov, and multiple test corrections for p-values
- Other analysis methods include false discovery rate, principal components
analysis, multidimensional scaling, correspondence analysis, cluster analysis,
similarity matching, predictive modeling, variable selection, K-nearest neighbor
classifier, nearest centroid classifier, discriminant analysis, multi-layer
perceptron, and multiple prototype classifier D) Software Features: -
Inter-process communication - Tutorials and documentation - Flexible licensing
options - Supported on Windows Vista/XP/2000, Linux and Intel based Macintosh.
This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals; however, all
responses received within 3 days from the date of publication of this synopsis
will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to
compete this proposed contract action based upon responses to this notice is
solely with the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally
be considered for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive
procurement. If no affirmative responses are received within 3 days of this
notice to determine whether a qualified source is more advantageous to the
Government, the order will be issued to Partek, Inc. The NAICS Code/Size is
511210/$25 Million. This procurement is to be processed using Simplified
Acquisition Procedures in conjunction with FAR Part 12 Commercial Item
Acquisition of Commercial Items. There is no solicitation package available. For
any questions regarding this announcement, please contact Dee Lunney via email
lunney@niehs.nih.gov

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Apr 04, 2014 3:30 pm Eastern

Contact Details: Office of Acquisitions, Office of Management
530 Davis Drive

Durham, North Carolina 27713
United States

Point of Contact(s): Deitra Lunney
lunney@niehs.nih.gov
Phone: 919-541-0387

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=aff5be659ceed8ae8f8d41d2d42eb047&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Health and Human Services Issues Solicitation
for "Partek Software License Renewal"

LENGTH: 1015  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Health and Human Services, National Institutes of Health Officer
has issued requirement for "Partek Software License Renewal."

Solicitation no. DL2925311          Posted on: July 18, 2014

Notice Type: Presolicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 511

Description: THIS IS A NOTICE OF INTENT AND NOT A REQUEST FOR QUOTATIONS. The
National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS), Research Triangle
Park, NC intends to negotiate on a sole source basis with Partek Inc., St.
Louis, MO 63141 pursuant to 41 U.S.C.253(c)(1)--Only one responsible source and
no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. This procurement
is for renewal of five (5) existing Floating Concurrent Subscriptions for Partek
Genomics Suite Software for a one (1) year period. The renewal consists of the
following components: #1010FS Partek Genomics Suite, #1012S Partek Flow Server
1.0, #1012C Parket Flow Client, and #1009 Partek Onsite Training. The Partek
Genomics Suite Software provides a complete genomics analysis toolset. Summary
of Features for Partek Genomics Suite: A) Genomic Features: - Affymetrix
GeneChip-compatible for gene expression, exon expression, chromosomal copy
number, tiling, and SNP analysis - Automatically connect to genomic databases
and third-party applications, such as NetAffx, UCSC Genome Browser, Ingenuity's
IPA, etc. - For Exon Analysis: import and normalization for exon analysis, exon
on gene visualizations, special adaptations of mixed model AVONA to detect
alternative splicing, and gene level summarization - For Chromosomal Copy Number
Analysis: import from Affymetrix CNAT and CEL files, import LOH from CHP files,
import from CNAG and dChip, copy number estimation for 10K, 100K, 500K,
Genome-Wide Human SNP Array 5.0, and Genome-Wide Human SNP Array 6.0, normalize
data with supplied reference or user supplied reference data, analyze copy
number from genotype mapping, expression, exon, and tiling arrays, analyze copy
number using SNP, copy number or both probe types for Affymetrix Genome-Wide SNP
Array 5.0 and SNP Array 6.0, automatically detect regions of amplification and
deletion, based on formal statistics - For SNP Analysis: calculate genotype
calls using BRLMM, BRLMM-p, or Birdseed via Affymetrix Power Tools (APT), import
genotype calls from Affymetrix CHP files or text files, perform whole genome chi
square association tests, Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium and linkage disequilibrium,
find and display regions of LOH, and calculate and display allele ratio - For
Tiling Analysis: import from Affymetrix CEL files and analyze regulation data
with HMM Region detection - Genomic smoothing though HMM, Gaussian, Mean Shift,
and Median Smoothing methods - Custom Genomic Visualizations: Genome Viewer,
Chromosome Viewer, M vs A plot, Volcano plot, and chip images in the spreadsheet
B) Spreadsheet Features: - No limit to the number of rows or columns in the
spreadsheet - Import from flat files, Excel, or any ODBC compliant database -
Data filtering by rows or columns - Visualization includes scatter plot,
histogram, dot plot, intensity plot, star plot, profile plot, box and whiskers,
normal and uniform probability plots, Venn diagram, XY plot, and barchart -
Graphic properties can be rendered by user-defined settings - Image output
formats include GIF, TIFF, PNG, JPEG, PPM, and SVG - External link manager
allows for user-defined third party connection preferences C) Statistical
Features: - Summary statistics, measures of association - Data transformations
including scaling, normalization, ranks and scores, smoothing, and distance and
similarity measures - Parametric tests include one sample t-test, one sample
z-test, two sample t-test (equal and unequal variance), ANOVA (N-way, repeated
measures, mixed-model, ANCOVA, etc), Survival Analysis - Nonparametric test
include Mann-Whitney, Kruskal-Wallis, Chi-Square, Fisher Exact, McNemar,
Friedman, Quade, Kolmogorov-Smirnov, and multiple test corrections for p-values
- Other analysis methods include false discovery rate, principal components
analysis, multidimensional scaling, correspondence analysis, cluster analysis,
similarity matching, predictive modeling, variable selection, K-nearest neighbor
classifier, nearest centroid classifier, discriminant analysis, multi-layer
perceptron, and multiple prototype classifier D) Software Features: -
Inter-process communication - Tutorials and documentation - Flexible licensing
options - Supported on Windows Vista/XP/2000, Linux and Intel based Macintosh.
This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals; however, all
responses received within 3 days from the date of publication of this synopsis
will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to
compete this proposed contract action based upon responses to this notice is
solely with the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally
be considered for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive
procurement. If no affirmative responses are received within 3 days of this
notice to determine whether a qualified source is more advantageous to the
Government, the order will be issued to Partek, Inc. The NAICS Code/Size is
511210/$25 Million. This procurement is to be processed using Simplified
Acquisition Procedures in conjunction with FAR Part 12 Commercial Item
Acquisition of Commercial Items. There is no solicitation package available. For
any questions regarding this announcement, please contact Dee Lunney via email
lunney@niehs.nih.gov

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Apr 04, 2014 3:30 pm Eastern

Contact Details: Office of Acquisitions, Office of Management
530 Davis Drive

Durham, North Carolina 27713
United States

Point of Contact(s): Deitra Lunney
lunney@niehs.nih.gov
Phone: 919-541-0387

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=aff5be659ceed8ae8f8d41d2d42eb047&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

US Contract Notice: Department of Health and Human Services Issues Solicitation
for "Partek Software License Renewal"

LENGTH: 1015  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Health and Human Services, National Institutes of Health Officer
has issued requirement for "Partek Software License Renewal."

Solicitation no. DL2925311          Posted on: July 18, 2014

Notice Type: Presolicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 511

Description: THIS IS A NOTICE OF INTENT AND NOT A REQUEST FOR QUOTATIONS. The
National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS), Research Triangle
Park, NC intends to negotiate on a sole source basis with Partek Inc., St.
Louis, MO 63141 pursuant to 41 U.S.C.253(c)(1)--Only one responsible source and
no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. This procurement
is for renewal of five (5) existing Floating Concurrent Subscriptions for Partek
Genomics Suite Software for a one (1) year period. The renewal consists of the
following components: #1010FS Partek Genomics Suite, #1012S Partek Flow Server
1.0, #1012C Parket Flow Client, and #1009 Partek Onsite Training. The Partek
Genomics Suite Software provides a complete genomics analysis toolset. Summary
of Features for Partek Genomics Suite: A) Genomic Features: - Affymetrix
GeneChip-compatible for gene expression, exon expression, chromosomal copy
number, tiling, and SNP analysis - Automatically connect to genomic databases
and third-party applications, such as NetAffx, UCSC Genome Browser, Ingenuity's
IPA, etc. - For Exon Analysis: import and normalization for exon analysis, exon
on gene visualizations, special adaptations of mixed model AVONA to detect
alternative splicing, and gene level summarization - For Chromosomal Copy Number
Analysis: import from Affymetrix CNAT and CEL files, import LOH from CHP files,
import from CNAG and dChip, copy number estimation for 10K, 100K, 500K,
Genome-Wide Human SNP Array 5.0, and Genome-Wide Human SNP Array 6.0, normalize
data with supplied reference or user supplied reference data, analyze copy
number from genotype mapping, expression, exon, and tiling arrays, analyze copy
number using SNP, copy number or both probe types for Affymetrix Genome-Wide SNP
Array 5.0 and SNP Array 6.0, automatically detect regions of amplification and
deletion, based on formal statistics - For SNP Analysis: calculate genotype
calls using BRLMM, BRLMM-p, or Birdseed via Affymetrix Power Tools (APT), import
genotype calls from Affymetrix CHP files or text files, perform whole genome chi
square association tests, Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium and linkage disequilibrium,
find and display regions of LOH, and calculate and display allele ratio - For
Tiling Analysis: import from Affymetrix CEL files and analyze regulation data
with HMM Region detection - Genomic smoothing though HMM, Gaussian, Mean Shift,
and Median Smoothing methods - Custom Genomic Visualizations: Genome Viewer,
Chromosome Viewer, M vs A plot, Volcano plot, and chip images in the spreadsheet
B) Spreadsheet Features: - No limit to the number of rows or columns in the
spreadsheet - Import from flat files, Excel, or any ODBC compliant database -
Data filtering by rows or columns - Visualization includes scatter plot,
histogram, dot plot, intensity plot, star plot, profile plot, box and whiskers,
normal and uniform probability plots, Venn diagram, XY plot, and barchart -
Graphic properties can be rendered by user-defined settings - Image output
formats include GIF, TIFF, PNG, JPEG, PPM, and SVG - External link manager
allows for user-defined third party connection preferences C) Statistical
Features: - Summary statistics, measures of association - Data transformations
including scaling, normalization, ranks and scores, smoothing, and distance and
similarity measures - Parametric tests include one sample t-test, one sample
z-test, two sample t-test (equal and unequal variance), ANOVA (N-way, repeated
measures, mixed-model, ANCOVA, etc), Survival Analysis - Nonparametric test
include Mann-Whitney, Kruskal-Wallis, Chi-Square, Fisher Exact, McNemar,
Friedman, Quade, Kolmogorov-Smirnov, and multiple test corrections for p-values
- Other analysis methods include false discovery rate, principal components
analysis, multidimensional scaling, correspondence analysis, cluster analysis,
similarity matching, predictive modeling, variable selection, K-nearest neighbor
classifier, nearest centroid classifier, discriminant analysis, multi-layer
perceptron, and multiple prototype classifier D) Software Features: -
Inter-process communication - Tutorials and documentation - Flexible licensing
options - Supported on Windows Vista/XP/2000, Linux and Intel based Macintosh.
This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals; however, all
responses received within 3 days from the date of publication of this synopsis
will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to
compete this proposed contract action based upon responses to this notice is
solely with the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally
be considered for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive
procurement. If no affirmative responses are received within 3 days of this
notice to determine whether a qualified source is more advantageous to the
Government, the order will be issued to Partek, Inc. The NAICS Code/Size is
511210/$25 Million. This procurement is to be processed using Simplified
Acquisition Procedures in conjunction with FAR Part 12 Commercial Item
Acquisition of Commercial Items. There is no solicitation package available. For
any questions regarding this announcement, please contact Dee Lunney via email
lunney@niehs.nih.gov

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Apr 04, 2014 3:30 pm Eastern

Contact Details: Office of Acquisitions, Office of Management
530 Davis Drive

Durham, North Carolina 27713
United States

Point of Contact(s): Deitra Lunney
lunney@niehs.nih.gov
Phone: 919-541-0387

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=aff5be659ceed8ae8f8d41d2d42eb047&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 26, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Health and Human Services Issues Solicitation
for "Partek Software License Renewal"

LENGTH: 1016  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Health and Human Services, National Institutes of Health Officer
has issued requirement for "Partek Software License Renewal."

Solicitation no.  DL2925311         Posted on:  June 26, 2014

Notice Type:  Presolicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 511

Description:  THIS IS A NOTICE OF INTENT AND NOT A REQUEST FOR QUOTATIONS. The
National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS), Research Triangle
Park, NC intends to negotiate on a sole source basis with Partek Inc., St.
Louis, MO 63141 pursuant to 41 U.S.C.253(c)(1)--Only one responsible source and
no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. This procurement
is for renewal of five (5) existing Floating Concurrent Subscriptions for Partek
Genomics Suite Software for a one (1) year period. The renewal consists of the
following components: #1010FS Partek Genomics Suite, #1012S Partek Flow Server
1.0, #1012C Parket Flow Client, and #1009 Partek Onsite Training. The Partek
Genomics Suite Software provides a complete genomics analysis toolset. Summary
of Features for Partek Genomics Suite: A) Genomic Features: - Affymetrix
GeneChip-compatible for gene expression, exon expression, chromosomal copy
number, tiling, and SNP analysis - Automatically connect to genomic databases
and third-party applications, such as NetAffx, UCSC Genome Browser, Ingenuity's
IPA, etc. - For Exon Analysis: import and normalization for exon analysis, exon
on gene visualizations, special adaptations of mixed model AVONA to detect
alternative splicing, and gene level summarization - For Chromosomal Copy Number
Analysis: import from Affymetrix CNAT and CEL files, import LOH from CHP files,
import from CNAG and dChip, copy number estimation for 10K, 100K, 500K,
Genome-Wide Human SNP Array 5.0, and Genome-Wide Human SNP Array 6.0, normalize
data with supplied reference or user supplied reference data, analyze copy
number from genotype mapping, expression, exon, and tiling arrays, analyze copy
number using SNP, copy number or both probe types for Affymetrix Genome-Wide SNP
Array 5.0 and SNP Array 6.0, automatically detect regions of amplification and
deletion, based on formal statistics - For SNP Analysis: calculate genotype
calls using BRLMM, BRLMM-p, or Birdseed via Affymetrix Power Tools (APT), import
genotype calls from Affymetrix CHP files or text files, perform whole genome chi
square association tests, Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium and linkage disequilibrium,
find and display regions of LOH, and calculate and display allele ratio - For
Tiling Analysis: import from Affymetrix CEL files and analyze regulation data
with HMM Region detection - Genomic smoothing though HMM, Gaussian, Mean Shift,
and Median Smoothing methods - Custom Genomic Visualizations: Genome Viewer,
Chromosome Viewer, M vs A plot, Volcano plot, and chip images in the spreadsheet
B) Spreadsheet Features: - No limit to the number of rows or columns in the
spreadsheet - Import from flat files, Excel, or any ODBC compliant database -
Data filtering by rows or columns - Visualization includes scatter plot,
histogram, dot plot, intensity plot, star plot, profile plot, box and whiskers,
normal and uniform probability plots, Venn diagram, XY plot, and barchart -
Graphic properties can be rendered by user-defined settings - Image output
formats include GIF, TIFF, PNG, JPEG, PPM, and SVG - External link manager
allows for user-defined third party connection preferences C) Statistical
Features: - Summary statistics, measures of association - Data transformations
including scaling, normalization, ranks and scores, smoothing, and distance and
similarity measures - Parametric tests include one sample t-test, one sample
z-test, two sample t-test (equal and unequal variance), ANOVA (N-way, repeated
measures, mixed-model, ANCOVA, etc), Survival Analysis - Nonparametric test
include Mann-Whitney, Kruskal-Wallis, Chi-Square, Fisher Exact, McNemar,
Friedman, Quade, Kolmogorov-Smirnov, and multiple test corrections for p-values
- Other analysis methods include false discovery rate, principal components
analysis, multidimensional scaling, correspondence analysis, cluster analysis,
similarity matching, predictive modeling, variable selection, K-nearest neighbor
classifier, nearest centroid classifier, discriminant analysis, multi-layer
perceptron, and multiple prototype classifier D) Software Features: -
Inter-process communication - Tutorials and documentation - Flexible licensing
options - Supported on Windows Vista/XP/2000, Linux and Intel based Macintosh.
This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals; however, all
responses received within 3 days from the date of publication of this synopsis
will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to
compete this proposed contract action based upon responses to this notice is
solely with the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally
be considered for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive
procurement. If no affirmative responses are received within 3 days of this
notice to determine whether a qualified source is more advantageous to the
Government, the order will be issued to Partek, Inc. The NAICS Code/Size is
511210/$25 Million. This procurement is to be processed using Simplified
Acquisition Procedures in conjunction with FAR Part 12 Commercial Item
Acquisition of Commercial Items. There is no solicitation package available. For
any questions regarding this announcement, please contact Dee Lunney via email
lunney@niehs.nih.gov

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses:  Apr 04, 2014 3:30 pm Eastern

Contact Details:  Office of Acquisitions, Office of Management
530 Davis Drive

Durham, North Carolina 27713
United States

Point of Contact(s): Deitra Lunney
lunney@niehs.nih.gov
Phone: 919-541-0387

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=aff5be659ceed8ae8f8d41d2d42eb047&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 4, 2013 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Department of Health and Human Services Issues Solicitation
for "Partek Software License Renewal"

LENGTH: 1016  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Health and Human Services, National Institutes of Health Officer
has issued requirement for "Partek Software License Renewal."

Solicitation no. DL2925311          Posted on: April 2, 2013

Notice Type: Presolicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 511

Description: THIS IS A NOTICE OF INTENT AND NOT A REQUEST FOR QUOTATIONS. The
National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS), Research Triangle
Park, NC intends to negotiate on a sole source basis with Partek Inc., St.
Louis, MO 63141 pursuant to 41 U.S.C.253(c)(1)--Only one responsible source and
no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. This procurement
is for renewal of five (5) existing Floating Concurrent Subscriptions for Partek
Genomics Suite Software for a one (1) year period. The renewal consists of the
following components: #1010FS Partek Genomics Suite, #1012S Partek Flow Server
1.0, #1012C Parket Flow Client, and #1009 Partek Onsite Training. The Partek
Genomics Suite Software provides a complete genomics analysis toolset. Summary
of Features for Partek Genomics Suite: A) Genomic Features: - Affymetrix
GeneChip-compatible for gene expression, exon expression, chromosomal copy
number, tiling, and SNP analysis - Automatically connect to genomic databases
and third-party applications, such as NetAffx, UCSC Genome Browser, Ingenuity's
IPA, etc. - For Exon Analysis: import and normalization for exon analysis, exon
on gene visualizations, special adaptations of mixed model AVONA to detect
alternative splicing, and gene level summarization - For Chromosomal Copy Number
Analysis: import from Affymetrix CNAT and CEL files, import LOH from CHP files,
import from CNAG and dChip, copy number estimation for 10K, 100K, 500K,
Genome-Wide Human SNP Array 5.0, and Genome-Wide Human SNP Array 6.0, normalize
data with supplied reference or user supplied reference data, analyze copy
number from genotype mapping, expression, exon, and tiling arrays, analyze copy
number using SNP, copy number or both probe types for Affymetrix Genome-Wide SNP
Array 5.0 and SNP Array 6.0, automatically detect regions of amplification and
deletion, based on formal statistics - For SNP Analysis: calculate genotype
calls using BRLMM, BRLMM-p, or Birdseed via Affymetrix Power Tools (APT), import
genotype calls from Affymetrix CHP files or text files, perform whole genome chi
square association tests, Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium and linkage disequilibrium,
find and display regions of LOH, and calculate and display allele ratio - For
Tiling Analysis: import from Affymetrix CEL files and analyze regulation data
with HMM Region detection - Genomic smoothing though HMM, Gaussian, Mean Shift,
and Median Smoothing methods - Custom Genomic Visualizations: Genome Viewer,
Chromosome Viewer, M vs A plot, Volcano plot, and chip images in the spreadsheet
B) Spreadsheet Features: - No limit to the number of rows or columns in the
spreadsheet - Import from flat files, Excel, or any ODBC compliant database -
Data filtering by rows or columns - Visualization includes scatter plot,
histogram, dot plot, intensity plot, star plot, profile plot, box and whiskers,
normal and uniform probability plots, Venn diagram, XY plot, and barchart -
Graphic properties can be rendered by user-defined settings - Image output
formats include GIF, TIFF, PNG, JPEG, PPM, and SVG - External link manager
allows for user-defined third party connection preferences C) Statistical
Features: - Summary statistics, measures of association - Data transformations
including scaling, normalization, ranks and scores, smoothing, and distance and
similarity measures - Parametric tests include one sample t-test, one sample
z-test, two sample t-test (equal and unequal variance), ANOVA (N-way, repeated
measures, mixed-model, ANCOVA, etc), Survival Analysis - Nonparametric test
include Mann-Whitney, Kruskal-Wallis, Chi-Square, Fisher Exact, McNemar,
Friedman, Quade, Kolmogorov-Smirnov, and multiple test corrections for p-values
- Other analysis methods include false discovery rate, principal components
analysis, multidimensional scaling, correspondence analysis, cluster analysis,
similarity matching, predictive modeling, variable selection, K-nearest neighbor
classifier, nearest centroid classifier, discriminant analysis, multi-layer
perceptron, and multiple prototype classifier D) Software Features: -
Inter-process communication - Tutorials and documentation - Flexible licensing
options - Supported on Windows Vista/XP/2000, Linux and Intel based Macintosh.
This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals; however, all
responses received within 3 days from the date of publication of this synopsis
will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to
compete this proposed contract action based upon responses to this notice is
solely with the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally
be considered for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive
procurement. If no affirmative responses are received within 3 days of this
notice to determine whether a qualified source is more advantageous to the
Government, the order will be issued to Partek, Inc. The NAICS Code/Size is
511210/$25 Million. This procurement is to be processed using Simplified
Acquisition Procedures in conjunction with FAR Part 12 Commercial Item
Acquisition of Commercial Items. There is no solicitation package available. For
any questions regarding this announcement, please contact Dee Lunney via email
lunney@niehs.nih.gov

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Apr 04, 2013 3:30 pm Eastern

Contact Details: Office of Acquisitions, Office of Management
530 Davis Drive

Durham, North Carolina 27713
United States

Point of Contact(s): Deitra Lunney
lunney@niehs.nih.gov
Phone: 919-541-0387

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=form&id=aff5be659ceed8ae8f8d41d2d42
eb047&tab=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other
content needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             August 11, 2006 Friday

Foiled plots;
Terrorists linked to al-Qaeda have managed to stage deadly attacks in places
such as London, Madrid, Bali, Turkey, Jordan, Iraq, Afghanistan, Egypt, Morocco
and Tunisia, but have so far been thwarted from striking in North America again
since Sept. 11, 2001.

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS; RED ALERT: THE AL-QAEDA THEORY; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 566 words


Target: U.S. embassy in Paris

July, 2001: A high-ranking al-Qaeda operative named Djamel Beghal was detained
in a Dubai airport for carrying a false passport. By the time authorities
finished their interrogation of the French-Algerian, they had uncovered a plot
to drive an explosives-laden van into the U.S. embassy in Paris. In March, 2005,
a French court sentenced Mr. Beghal and five others to up to 10 years in prison
for their roles in the plot.

Target: 'Dirty bomb' in the United States

May, 2002: Jose Padilla, a U.S. citizen and Muslim convert, was detained at
Chicago's O'Hare airport on a material-witness warrant and later accused of
undertaking an al-Qaeda plot to detonate a radioactive "dirty bomb" in the
United States. He was held without charges as an "enemy combatant" for more than
three years. After a lengthy court battle, his case was transferred to civilian
jurisdiction. He is set to be tried in 2007 on charges of conspiring to commit
murder and aiding terrorists abroad.

Target: Cargo ships in the Middle East

2002: In a major address in October of 2005 outlining strategy in the war
against terrorism, U.S. President George W. Bush announced that the United
States and other partners had disrupted a plot in 2002 to attack ships in the
Strait of Hormuz, the only route for the export of at least 40 per cent of the
world's oil. No further details have been reported.

Target: The Brooklyn Bridge

June, 2003: Federal law-enforcement officials in the United States announced
they had uncovered a plot to destroy New York's Brooklyn Bridge by cutting the
suspension cables. Lyman Faris (also known as Mohammed Rauf) a truck driver from
Columbus, Ohio, pleaded guilty to providing material support to al-Qaeda in the
case. He was sentenced to 20 years in prison in October, 2003.

Target: Chicago's Sears Tower

June 22, 2006: Seven people (five Americans and two Haitians) were arrested in
Miami and Atlanta in connection with the early stages of a plot to blow up the
Sears Tower, as well as FBI buildings in other cities. The arrests followed a
six-month sting operation, during which an agent of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation posing as an al-Qaeda operative got them to swear allegiance to
al-Qaeda and promised to provide them with machine guns, explosives and cash.
The suspects, however, never travelled to Chicago, and the only supplies they
obtained from the FBI were army boots.

Target: Toronto high-rises

June 2, 2006: The RCMP arrested 12 men and five youths (an 18th person was
arrested later) during a sting operation in which police sold them three tonnes
of a substance resembling ammonium nitrate with which they wanted to blow up the
Toronto Stock Exchange and the Toronto offices of the CBC and CSIS. The RCMP
placed the suspects under surveillance after CSIS spotted Internet postings from
a group of men on a radical Islamic website in 2004, and used a 'mole' to
infiltrate the group.

Target: New York's transit system

July, 2006: U.S. authorities arrest three suspects accused of plotting to damage
transit tunnels under New York's Hudson River. Assem Hammoud, a Lebanese man who
studied at Montreal's Concordia University, admitted to being the leader of the
group. The plot was broken up in the early planning stages when the FBI, through
routine monitoring of Islamic terrorist recruiting websites, discovered
suspicious e-mail and chat-room postings.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                           November 3, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Lack of togetherness in marriage lonely experience

BYLINE: KATHY MITCHELL AND MARCY SUGAR, Creators Syndicate

SECTION: NEWS; Annie's Mailbox; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 418  words


Dear Annie: How do I deal with being married to someone I simply do not like?
After 15 years, I realize that I don't enjoy being around my husband. I look
forward to him leaving the house. Is this what marriage is supposed to be? I
want a companion. My husband is rarely home, and when he is, he spends hours on
the phone with his buddies. He is friendly to them, but cold and defensive with
me. I used to blame myself and get upset when he would ignore me, and we would
fight because he would accuse me of being controlling. He said I was jealous
that he was having fun and that I needed to make friends. I gave up asking for
his attention and began behaving sweetly toward him, but he still treats me the
same, and I don't understand why. He gets defensive when I say something
completely innocent. It is like he is trying to get me to start an argument, but
I won't. I don't think he will change. Do you have any suggestions? Dealing with
It

Dear dealing: We see no reason to stay with a man who treats you with complete
indifference and whom you no longer like. If there are children involved,
however, try counseling first, and see if you can find more effective ways to
deal with your husband. Dear Annie: When my siblings died, they were buried at a
cemetery in my hometown. My parents

were obviously devastated, as were my paternal grandparents, and they all bought
plots next to my siblings. My siblings are in the middle two plots, my
grandparents are on one side, and my father is buried on the other side. This
leaves a vacant plot next to my father.

My mother intends to be buried next to her second husband in a different city,
so my father's second wife has asked to take the vacant plot next to Dad. The
plot is in my mother's name, and she adamantly refuses to let my stepmother be
buried near my siblings. She would rather the plot remain vacant. My father's
wife has no children and very much wants to be buried next to my dad. Now what?

Stuck in the Middle

Dear stuck: Your mother is being ungenerous. Perhaps you could convince her that
her children won't mind having your stepmother two plots down. Otherwise, we
recommend your stepmother buy a plot close by. If your mother should pre-decease
her, Stepmom can then negotiate to exchange her plot for the vacant one next to
Dad.

Email questions to

anniesmailbox@comcast.netor write to: Annie's Mailbox, c/o Creators Syndicate,
5777 W. Century Blvd., Ste. 700, Los Angeles, CA 90045. Visit www.creators.com

to find out more about Annie's Mailbox

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                           September 8, 2009 Tuesday

Extremists convicted of plane bombs suicide plot

BYLINE: Rob Waugh

LENGTH: 338 words



HIGHLIGHT: THREE Islamic extremists were convicted yesterday of a suicide bomb
plot to blow up transatlantic airliners in a terrorist outrage which could have
rivalled the death toll of the September 11 attacks.


The al Qaida-inspired terror cell - based in east London but guided from
Pakistan - planned to detonate home-made liquid bombs on board flights bound for
North America.

If the devices had been activated while the planes flew over cities, the number
of deaths could have run into thousands.

Abdulla Ahmed Ali, Assad Sarwar and Tanvir Hussain were found guilty of
conspiracy to murder following the largest ever counter-terrorism operation in
the UK.

Counter-terror police and security services spent more than £35m foiling the
plot and bringing Ali and the others to justice.

The guilty verdicts, which came after jurors deliberated for just over 54 hours
at the end of a six-month trial at Woolwich Crown Court, will come as an
enormous relief to Government Ministers who endured heavy criticism for
introducing draconian luggage restrictions when the plot was uncovered.

They will also be seen as a vindication of the decision to retry Ali after he
was found guilty of conspiracy to murder last September. The previous jury
failed to reach verdicts on the airline plot.

Sue Hemming, the head of the Crown Prosecution Service's Counter Terrorism
Division, said: "These men wanted to bring down several aircraft in a short
space of time, indiscriminately killing hundreds of innocent people - perhaps
more if they had succeeded in activating their devices while over cities."

British-born Ali, 28, of Walthamstow, east London,  considered taking his baby
son on his suicide mission.

He planned to smuggle home-made bombs disguised as soft drinks on to passenger
jets run by United Airlines, American Airlines and Air Canada.

The hydrogen peroxide devices would have been assembled and detonated in mid-air
by a team of suicide bombers.

Ali singled out seven flights to San Francisco, Toronto, Montreal, Washington,
New York and Chicago that departed within two-and-a-half hours of each other.

Along with Ali, Sarwar 29, of Walton Drive, High Wycombe, and Hussain, 28, of
Leyton, east London, will be sentenced for the airline plot on Monday.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YPOS


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           August 16, 2006 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Bill burns Bush. Sez no London link to Iraq

BYLINE: BY MICHAEL McAULIFF DAILY NEWS WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 600 words


WASHINGTON - Former President Bill Clinton got in the current President's face
yesterday, slamming the Bush administration for linking the London bomb plot and
the war on terror to the war in Iraq.

"The Republicans should be very careful in trying to play politics with this
London airport thing, because they're going to have a hard time with the facts,"
Clinton said in an interview.

"I don't think the foiling of that London bomb plot has any bearing on our Iraq
policy," he said.

Clinton's broadside, delivered on ABC's "Good Morning America," came as
President Bush spent his second day in the wake of the defused British terror
plot holding high-profile national security meetings.

"America is safer than it has been, but it's not yet safe," Bush said at the
National Counterterrorism Center.

"The enemy has got an advantage when it comes to attacking our homeland," he
said. "They've got to be right one time, and we've got to be right 100% of the
time."

He praised U.S. and British intelligence for stopping a plot to blow up 10
airliners.

Clinton, who never mentioned Bush by name, suggested the administration's claims
that the British plot looks like the work of Al Qaeda reveals a flaw in its
strategy.

"They seem to be anxious to tie it to Al Qaeda," he said. "If that's true, how
come we've got seven times as many troops in Iraq as in Afghanistan? Why have we
imperiled President [Hamid] Karzai's rule and allowed the Taliban to come back
into the southern part of Afghanistan?"

He also said the administration and GOP leaders in Congress had opposed tighter
security on cargo containers at ports and airports.

White House spokesman Tony Snow said there had been "considerable efforts" to
ensure container safety.

"So President Clinton, I know, is sort of committing some politics here and
accusing Republicans in so doing," Snow said. "I think in the same position he'd
be looking at the same options."

The former President also said Democrats who had voted to give Bush the
authority to go to war in Iraq - including his wife, Sen. Hillary Clinton
(D-N.Y.) - had hoped the threat of war would force former Iraqi leader Saddam
Hussein to comply with UN inspections. But the Bush administration went to war
before the UN's work was complete, he said.

The dueling Presidents weren't alone in the debate, with Vice President Cheney
telling GOP donors in Arizona the "central front" in the war on terror is Iraq.

He pointed to Connecticut Sen. Joseph Lieberman's primary loss to anti-war
liberal Ned Lamont last week, saying Democrats booted a man of courage in favor
of a candidate who wants "to give up the fight against the terrorists in Iraq."

But Democrats are determined to stop the GOP from running successfully on
national security as it did in 2002 and 2004, and Clinton was echoed yesterday
by other party leaders in conference calls and statements.

"These claims that we are safer just don't resonate," said Sen. Carl Levin
(D-Mich.).

Clinton, who campaigned for Lieberman, also took a shot at Lieberman for
complaining that he lost to Lamont because of left-wing partisan attacks.

"There were almost no Democrats who agreed with his position, which was, 'I want
to attack Iraq whether or not they have weapons of mass destruction,' " Clinton
said. "His position was the Bush-Cheney-Rumsfeld position."

The former President's interview came as he was attending an international
conference in Toronto on AIDS. He did have words of praise for the Bush
administration's AIDS efforts, saying the United States is spending more to
fight the epidemic than any other government. mmcauliff@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EPA, PHOTO LEFT/AP, PHOTO RIGHT President Bush and former President
Bill Clinton spoke about terror war yesterday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: FRONT PAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             April 11, 2014 Friday
                                  Main Edition

CRIME;
Bizarre plot ends in dramatic rescue

BYLINE: Alexis Stevens; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 647 words



HIGHLIGHT: FBI team captures five kidnapping suspects in Atlanta apartment.


It was a complex and deadly plot, and those responsible threatened more harm
until they got what they wanted: revenge.

After kidnapping a man Saturday morning from his North Carolina home, the group
of five allegedly brought their hostage across state lines to Atlanta. And for
five days, that man was at the mercy of his alleged abductors, who threatened to
dismember him.

Fortunately for Frank Arthur Janssen, things didn't go as planned for his
captors. The five left a trail of clues, including cellphone calls and text
messages, leading the FBI to the apartment where Janssen was being held late
Wednesday.

"According to public federal documentation, Janssen was targeted by a group as
part of an elaborate kidnapping plot," FBI spokeswoman Shelley Lynch said in a
statement Thursday. "Specific demands were sent to Janssen's family for the
benefit of Kelvin Melton, an inmate at the Polk Correctional Institution" in
Butner, N.C.

On Thursday, the FBI released details of the complicated plot, which led to the
arrests of all five suspects on federal charges. Authorities believe it all was
an act of revenge for the five's friend, Melton, a "Bloods" gang member serving
a life sentence. The group's first target, Janssen, is the father of the
assistant district attorney in Wake County, N.C., who prosecuted Melton.

Late Monday, Janssen's wife began receiving text messages from a cellphone in
Georgia, according to documents filed in federal court and obtained by The
Atlanta Journal-Constitution.

One of the texts said if law enforcement was contacted: "We will send (Mr.
Janssen) back to you in 6 boxes and every chance we get we will take someone in
your family to Italy and torture them and kill them ... we will do drive by and
gun down anybody."

Shortly after midnight Tuesday, a text message was sent to Christie Janssen from
a different phone from a residence in Atlanta, along with a picture of Frank
Janssen tied up in a chair.

"Tomorrow we call you again an again if you can not tell me where my things are
at tomorrow i will start torchering (Janssen)," the message stated.

Janssen "spent five nights in the hands of a group of very dangerous people,"
said John Strong, special agent in charge of the FBI's Charlotte, N.C., office.
"We can only imagine the uncertainty, confusion and fear he experienced."

Under arrest are Jenna Paulin Martin, 21; Tiana Maynard, also known as Tiana
Brooks, 30; Jevante Price, 20; Michael Montreal Gooden, 21; and Clifton James
Roberts, 29. All five are believed to have ties to the Atlanta area, and some
have prior criminal records.

Now all five suspects are federal inmates. They appeared before U.S. Magistrate
Judge Gerrilyn Brill on Thursday afternoon, dressed mostly in baggy T-shirts and
pants, sitting quietly and saying nothing, yet acknowledging they understood the
allegations against them.

Specific details about the five suspects and Frank Janssen were not released.
But the FBI confirmed its Hostage Rescue Team, along with nearly 20 law
enforcement agencies in two states, collaborated to rescue Janssen. Federal
documents describe how various cellphone calls and messages helped track the
suspects, who also had contact with the imprisoned Melton in recent days. When
prison deputies attempted to locate Melton's phone, he temporarily barred the
door and destroyed the phone, according to the criminal complaints against the
suspects.

The extent of Janssen's physical injuries was not released, but the FBI said he
was with his family. "Both Janssen and his family have remained strong and
focused throughout this ordeal," Lynch said. "They ask for privacy at this
time."

A detention hearing is scheduled for 10:30 a.m. Tuesday in Atlanta, where all
five will stay temporarily before returning to North Carolina to answer the
charges, Brill said.

Staff writer Mike Morris and photographer John Spink contributed to this
article.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2014 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            March 12, 2009 Thursday

This & That

BYLINE: This & That

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 438  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Gardening

PLOT SUCCESS: The Lancaster County Department of Parks and Recreation has garden
plots available for rent April 15 through Oct. 15.

Plots are either 20 feet by 20 feet or 20 feet by 40 feet. Renters pay a
one-time fee of $18 for a small plot and $23 for a larger plot.

Organic plots, free of pesticides and herbicides for more than three years, are
available.

To register, visit the park office in Central Park located off Chesapeake
Street, or call 299-8215.

Benefit

BINGO: Columbia K-9 Campaign will host a "Wolfgang Chocolate Bingo" Saturday,
March 21, at the Columbia Consolidated Fire Company, 10th and Mifflin streets,
Columbia, to benefit K-9 Officer Max. Doors will open at noon; games will begin
at 1 p.m. Tickets for one sheet each are $15. Extra sheets are $5 each. Call
684-5435.

Business

FIBER OF THE FUTURE: "Hemp, Hemp, Hooray!" a program to discuss uses for the
eco-friendly fiber, will be sponsored by Susquehanna Sustainable Business
Network March 18 at Peachy Green, 75 W. King St.

Speakers include fiber artist Susan Weaver; Shawn Patrick House of Lancaster
Trading House, Hempzel Pretzle Co. and Lancaster Hemp Company; Rachelle
Phillips, owner of Peachy Green; and Les Stark, author/editor of "Hempstone
Heritage."

A $5 donation is requested; no reservations are required. For information, call
the SSBN at 877-500-6552.

Benefit

FISH FOR DOGS: United Against Puppy Mills will hold a fundraising Fish Fry and
Silent Auction on Saturday, from 5-7 p.m. at The Pancake Farm, 1032 S. State
St., Ephrata .

The cost of each dinner is $10. For more information, visit
www.unitedagainstpuppymills.org.

St. Patrick's

GO RAIBH MAITH AGAIBH (Thank you): Every year, people across the country
celebrate St. Patrick's Day by donning "Kiss Me I'm Irish" shirts and raising a
pint of Guinness.

This year, why not improve your Gaelic?

Today through March 19, Rosetta Stone is inviting consumers to get into the St.
Patrick's Day spirit and brush up on their brogue by offering one week of free
Rosetta Stone Irish language tutorials online at www.rosettastone.com.

Consumers can access the free Rosetta Stone Irish program trial by logging on
and clicking on the registration link.

Volunteer

GET SCIENTIFIC: The North Museum of Natural History & Science is looking for
volunteers to help with North Museum Science & Engineering Fair, to be held
March 23-25.

Set up/Tear down crew members are needed Sunday, March 22, and Wednesday, March
25. Registration assistants are needed for Monday, March 23, and Tuesday, March
24 to check in students and judges.

If interested, contact Towanda F. Williams at 291-3941 or
towanda.williams@fandm.edu

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Tasmanian (Australia)

                              July 9, 2006 Sunday

US terror plot 'real deal'

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 357  words


AUTHORITIES have disrupted a plot by foreign terrorists to attack the train
tunnels beneath the Hudson River that tens of thousands New York City commuters
use every day, the FBI announced yesterday.

Law enforcement officials said the plot involved at least eight people living
overseas, including an alleged al-Qaida operative in Lebanon who had been
arrested and charged.

''This is a plot that involved martyrdom and explosives and several of the tubes
that connect Jersey and lower Manhattan,'' FBI assistant director Mark J.
Mershon said.

He called the plot the ''real deal.''

''We believe we intercepted this group early in their plotting and, in fact, the
plan has largely been disrupted,'' Mershon said.

Initial reports said the terrorists wanted to attack the Holland Tunnel.

But Mershon said the group specifically mentioned only the PATH train tunnels
between New York and New Jersey. He confirmed the alleged Lebanon operative's
identity as Assem Hammoud.

A Lebanese security official said Hammoud, from Beruit, confessed to plotting to
attack New York City tunnels in October or November of this year and said he was
acting on Osama bin Laden's orders.

New York's transportation system has emerged as a potential terrorist target in
several recent cases.

A June book by journalist Ron Suskind highlighted a reported plot by al-Qaida
terrorists to kill thousands of New Yorkers by spreading cyanide gas in the
subway.

In May, a man was convicted of plotting to blow up a subway station.

In the latest case, a federal official said FBI agents monitoring internet chat
rooms used by extremists learned of the plot in recent months and determined
that tunnels were possibly being targeted after investigators pieced together
code words from their conversations.

The case had been under investigation for almost a year, Mershon said, and
authorities believed there were several conspirators.

''At this time we have no indication of any imminent threat to the New York
transportation system, or anywhere else in the US,'' said Richard Kolko, a
Washington-based FBI special agent, in a statement.

One US official labelled the plot ''largely aspirational.''

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                           February 10, 2006, Friday

Bush details terror plot

BYLINE: Peter Grier Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor

SECTION: USA; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 651 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



HIGHLIGHT: Defending counterterrorism, the president told of a thwarted attack
on L.A.


Bush to US: It's still a dangerous world out there, but we're making progress in
rounding up the bad guys.

In essence, that may be the message that President Bush and other administration
officials are trying to convey this week as they defend White House actions in
the war in terror.

Headlines about possibly illegal eavesdropping activity authorized by the
president, plus more bombings in Iraq and revelations about the slow pace of
Iraqi reconstruction, have put the Bush team on the defensive this week. In
revealing details about an alleged Al Qaeda plot to fly an airliner into a Los
Angeles skyscraper, plus insisting that terrorists are weakened and on the run,
Bush may be attempting to counter bad news.

"The timing of this clearly has to do with politics ... but that doesn't mean
the [L.A. plot] isn't true," says Lorenzo Vidino, a terrorism expert at the
Fletcher School at Tufts University.

In a speech Thursday at the National Guard Memorial Building in Washington,
President Bush said that the US and its allies had thwarted a plot to use shoe
bombs to blow open the cockpit door of an airliner, hijack it, and fly it into
the tallest building on the US West coast.

Bush called this target the "Liberty Building," but its name in 2001 was the
"Library Tower," and it has since been renamed the US Bank Tower.

Khalid Sheik Mohammed, alleged mastermind of the Sept. 11 attacks, was behind
the L.A. plot, said Bush. The Al Qaeda operative began planning it in October
2001.

Mr. Mohammed's co-conspirator in this plot was Hambali, also known as Riduan
Isamuddin, thought to be the operations chief of Southeast Asia's largest Al
Qaeda-related group, Jemaah Islamiyah. Hambali's job was to recruit Asian
hijackers, who were likely to attract less attention from law enforcement
authorities than Arabs. He recruited four operatives for the cell, whose leader
was personally trained by Mohammed in shoebombing, according to a Department of
Homeland Security briefing given after the president's speech. The operatives
met with Osama bin Laden before going back to Asia.

Bush said that the plan unravelled when a key Southeast Asian nation arrested
one of the operatives. He did not say who this operative was, or which nation
nabbed him.

"Subsequent debriefings and other intelligence operations made clear the
intended target and how Al Qaeda hoped to execute it," said Bush. "This critical
intelligence helped other allies capture the ringleaders and other known
operatives who'd been recruited for this effort."

Hambali was captured by Indonesian authorities in 2003. Mohammed was captured in
Pakistan that same year.

Bush has referred to the Library Tower plot before, but only in vague terms. In
an address last October, he said the US and its allies had foiled at least 10
serious Al Qaeda plots, including plans for a Sept. 11-like attack on both
coasts.

Thursday's revelations provide a fuller picture and add details, says Mr.
Vidino, author of the book "Al Qaeda in Europe."

The plot Bush outlined made sense, considering that Mohammed had long been
interested in a second wave of attacks, and had previously cooperated with
Southeast Asian Al Qaeda adherents. Two of the Sept. 11 hijackers entered the US
on the West Coast, with help from Hambali, says Vidino.

Al Qaeda has also long wanted to attack California, as well as other targets
scattered throughout the United States. Khalid Sheik Mohammed "wanted to scare
the entire country," says Vidino.

The White House would not say whether the National Security Agency's
controversial warrantless eavesdropping program played any role in uncovering
the West Coast plot.

Bush's speech came as the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Sen. Arlen
Specter (R) of Pennsylvania, announced he is writing legislation intended to
force the administration to defend the legality of the eavesdropping in court.

(c) Copyright 2006. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               September 12, 1993

Stripped bare: ugly tale of sleaze king

BYLINE: SHANE BURKE reports from Los Angeles

SECTION: Sunday Edition; Pg. oped

LENGTH: 799 words


THE saddest moment in a Chippendale's show is the end. Hordes of women, many
indulging in the ritual of the hens' night out, rush the stage like predators to
pose for a photograph with the stripper they like most.

The men, blow-dried hair, tanned and sweaty, become mannequins.

Chippendale shows explore sexual fantasies, interspersed with dance routines to
pumping music. For the price of admission, women can ogle and kiss well-muscled
young men in G-strings.

At the height of the troupe's success, there were Chippendale clubs in Los
Angeles, Dallas, Denver and New York that spawned a string of imitators.

They toured the world performing to packed audiences of hungry women in Hong
Kong, Australia, England and other parts of Europe.

For many women, the Chippendales represented an ideal of the perfect male body.
The story should end there, with the fantasy intact.

Instead, a darker, unseen world of bitter rivalries, murder plots and hitmen is
being put on show for once adoring fans of the exotic dance troupe.

Taking centre stage in a Los Angeles court is Somen (Steve) Banerjee, 46, the
millionaire founder of the Chippendale empire, who stands charged with
conspiracy to murder business rivals.

According to a federal indictment, the entrepreneur hatched an elaborate plot to
have Mike Fullington, Read Scot and Steve White, his former associates, murdered
by a hitman while they were touring overseas with Adonis, a rival company formed
from within the Chippendale ranks.

It is alleged the plot was devised in 1990 and was close to being carried out
when the FBI and Los Angeles police moved in.

The indictment contained details of the plot to kill the three, including a
series of meetings, trips and telephone calls.

It is alleged that Banerjee planned to pay a hitman US$ 75,000 (HK$ 580,000) to
kill his rivals. The murders were to be carried out in London while the dance
troupe was performing there.

Another allegation said a cyanide mixture had been prepared for use in the
murders of Scott and White, and that by the time the plot was foiled the hired
killer had already reached London with US$ 1,200, a map, directions and the
Adonis troupe's itinerary.

The indictment does not disclose how close the hired killer came to completing
the assignment, or how the alleged plot was foiled.

Banerjee, a native of Bombay, middle-aged and overweight, created the
Chippendale dream almost 20 years ago when he bought a down-and-out West Los
Angeles disco called Destiny II.

He renamed it Chippendale's and launched the club's "Male Exotic Dance Night For
Ladies Only". Soon it was attracting crowds.

But after many years of success, business started to suffer when Adonis appeared
on the scene.

The dance routines were bolder, the G-strings more revealing and women could not
get enough of these fresh new studs.

Banerjee was furious when he learned his three former employees were behind the
troupe - Scott was an emcee for the Chippendales.

Authorities allege Banerjee decided to take matters into his own hands to
eliminate the competition.

If convicted on all conspiracy counts, Banerjee faces a prison term of up to 55
years and a fine of up to US$ 1.5 million.

Banerjee appeared calm as magistrate judge Venetta Tasopulos ordered that he be
held without bail.

In arguing that he should be detained, assistant US attorney Sally Meloch said
Banerjee had told an informant he planned to "leave the country or kill himself"
if caught.

He is also alleged to have told the informant he would return to his native
India and "get a new wife and new kids".

The prosecutor said Banerjee told the informant he would not need a passport to
flee to India because he could pay a pilot US$ 25,000 to fly him out of the
country.

Robert Isenberg, Banerjee's lawyer, said his client was not guilty. He called
the charges "preposterous and unfounded".

Until now, the most trouble 46-year-old Banerjee has experienced has been a
series of run- ins with government agencies over the running of his clubs.

In 1987 he was forced to file for reorganisation under federal bankruptcy laws
and to move his original club to a new location in 1988 after violating city
ordinances on overcrowding.

One fire department official said Chippendale's was the worst violator he had
encountered in 10 years, endangering the safety of patrons with overcrowding and
by blocking exits.

The club was permitted to have 299 patrons. Fire officials said they counted 435
one night.

Later the same year, the State Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control revoked
Chippendale's liquor licence after its appeals board upheld charges that the
club refused to admit males in violation of a state law barring sexual
discrimination.


LOAD-DATE: September 15, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1993 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           February 27, 2014 Thursday

Porter & Plot launches diverse collection of small-lot wines

SECTION: DRIED FOOD; Product Launches / Expansions

LENGTH: 95 words



HIGHLIGHT: Porter & Plot has rolled out a diverse collection of small-lot wines
each typically 1,000 cases or less, for a price tag of less than $20.


Porter & Plot's first selections comprise a 2013 Columbia Valley Pinot Gris,
2012 Edna Valley Single Vineyard Pinot Noir and a 2013 Costières de Nîmes.

The less than $20 pricing proves that wine drinkers, whether new or experienced,
never have to settle for less knowing they have a great porter.

Porter & Plot launched its first three varietals through interactive tastings in
New York, San Francisco, and Los Angeles.

Initially at launch, Porter & Plot will be sold online through Amazon.com, Club
W and through porterandplot.com, apart from selling at select restaurants.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                          November 19, 2009, Thursday

New York, terror trial capital of the US

BYLINE: Compiled Leigh Montgomery and Elizabeth Ryan

SECTION: USA; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 932 words


1993-94: Trial in first World Trade Center bombing.

On Feb. 26, 1993, an explosive-packed Ryder truck was driven into the garage of
the World Trade Center in New York, killing 6 people and injuring more than
1,000. After a six month trial with 204 witnesses and 1,000 pieces of evidence,
all four defendants were convicted. Each receives a 240-year prison sentence
without the possibility of parole.

1994-95: "Day of Terror" trial.

Twelve defendants, including "Blind Cleric" Sheikh Omar Abdel Rahman, were tried
for a terror plot thwarted by the FBI in June 1993. Followers of Sheikh Rahman
planned to bomb prominent sites in New York City, including the George
Washington Bridge, the Lincoln & Holland Tunnels, the United Nations, and the
New York FBI office. Ten defendants were convicted and sentenced to 25 to 85
years in prison. Two pleaded guilty and received life sentences.

1995-96: "Manila Air" plot.

Ramzi Yousef, nephew of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, was one of three defendants
tried in Manhattan Federal Court in a plot to plant a bomb in a dozen US
commercial jetliners timed to go off when they were over the Pacific. Mr.
Yousef, Abdul Hakim Murad, and Wali Khan Amin Shah were all convicted and
sentenced to life imprisonment, with Yousef sentenced to life in prison plus 240
years.

<P/>

1997: Trial of Ramzi Yousef for his role as mastermind of the first World Trade
Center bombing. He was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of
parole.

1998: East Africa American embassy bombings.

US embassies in Nairobi, Kenya, and Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, were bombed,
killing 224 people and injuring more than 4,000. Osama bin Laden and 22 others
were indicted for their role in the attacks; four were caught and convicted.
Another suspect, Ahmed Khalfan Ghailani, a Tanzanian national, is scheduled to
be tried in September 2010.

<P/>

2002: Millennium bombing plot.

Algerian nationals Mokhtar Haouari, Abdel Ghani Meskini, and Ahmed Ressam were
charged in a conspiracy to bomb the Los Angeles airport during the millennium
celebrations. Tried in a New York federal court, Mr. Haouari was convicted of
conspiring to supply material support to Mr. Ressam's plan to enter the US from
Canada and set off a bomb at the L.A. airport. He was sentenced to 24 years.
Meskini entered a plea agreement with the Justice department to testify against
other suspects in exchange for a lighter sentence. Mr. Ressam testified against
Haouari, and was sentenced in 2005 by a Los Angeles court to 22 years in prison.

2004-06: New York subway bomb plot.

James Elshafay and Shahawar Matin Siraj, both US citizens, were arrested for
plotting to bomb a subway station near Madison Square Garden in New York City
before the Republican National Convention. Mr. Siraj was convicted in 2006 and
sentenced to 30 years in prison. Mr. Elshafay pleaded guilty and received a
five-year sentence for testifying against his co-conspirator.

2007-ongoing: JFK Airport bomb plot.

Four men were arrested in June 2007 over a plot to bomb fuel lines connected to
the JFK airport in New York. Abdel Nur and Abdul Kadir of Guyana, cleric Kareem
Ibrahim of Trinidad, and Guyana-born US citizen Russell Defreitas allegedly
planned to use bombs in order to ignite millions of gallons of jet fuel at the
airport. The plot reportedly never went beyond the planning stages. Mr.
Defreitas was arrested in Brooklyn. The other three were detained in Trinidad
and extradited in June 2008. The men pleaded not guilty to the charges and are
awaiting trial.

2009: Oregon terrorist training camp

Lebanese-born Swedish citizen Oussama Kassir was arrested in Prague in 2005 on a
warrant filed by US prosecutors for plotting to set up a jihadist training camp
in Oregon and operating websites with instructions on how to make bombs. In May
2009, he was found guilty in a New York court of 11 charges, including providing
material support to Al Qaeda and distributing information on explosives and
weapons of mass destruction, and later sentenced to life in prison.

2009-ongoing: New York synagogue bomb plot

Four men were arrested in the Bronx in May 20, 2009 after allegedly plotting to
detonate bombs near a synagogue, and to shoot Stinger surface-to-air missiles at
Air National Guard aircraft at Stewart Airport in Newburgh, N.Y. Fake bombs and
missiles were provided by a government informant. On June 2, 2009, James
Cromitie, Onta Williams, David Williams, and Laguerre Payen were charged in an
eight-count indictment, and are awaiting trial.

2010: Denver/NYC bomb plot

Denver resident Najibullah Zazi was arrested on September 20, 2009, on suspicion
of associating with Al Qaeda and planning to carry out a terrorist attack in New
York. Subsequently, his father, Mohammed Wali Zazi, and his imam Ahmad Wais
Afzali were also arrested. Najibullah Zazi is currently in the Metropolitan
Detention Center in Brooklyn awaiting trial.

2010: Fourth suspect in East Africa American embassy bombings

Ahmed Khalfan Ghailani, a Tanzanian national, is scheduled to be tried in
September 2010 for his alleged role in the US Embassy bombings in Kenya and
Tanzania in 1998. US Attorney General Eric Holder has issued a letter directing
the US attorney's office not to seek the death penalty. Indicted on 286 charges,
including conspiring with Al Qaeda, he was captured in Pakistan and detained at
Guantánamo Bay. He was transferred in June 2009 to New York to stand trial.

Sources: Anti-Defamation League, FBI.gov, Findlaw.gov, 9-11commission.gov,
Middle East Quarterly, Department of Justice, news and wire reports.

(c) Copyright 2009. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            February 10, 2006 Friday
                                National Edition

Terror group targeted L.A. tower: Still seeking recruits: Links to al-Qaeda
remain, Jakarta official says

BYLINE: Stewart Bell, National Post, with files from news services

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 781  words

DATELINE: JAKARTA


JAKARTA - A Southeast Asian terrorist organization identified by U.S. President
George W. Bush yesterday as working with al-Qaeda in a foiled plot to crash
planes into a Los Angeles skyscraper three years ago is still recruiting suicide
bombers for attacks against Westerners.

Jemaah Islamiyah (JI) continues to operate in Indonesia despite the arrest of
almost 300 members and several key leaders, including the man behind the L.A.
plot, Inspector-General Ansyaad Mbai, a top Indonesian intelligence operative,
said yesterday.

The group, which is driven by radical Islamic ideology and hatred for the West,
has been responsible for a murderous bombing campaign in Indonesia, including
the attacks on Bali nightclubs in 2002.

In a speech in Washington yesterday, Mr. Bush provided new details of Jemaah
Islamiyah's plot to crash a plane into L.A.'s Library Tower (now renamed the
U.S. Bank Tower) in 2002.

With critics questioning the legality of his authorization of a domestic spying
program, the President used recently declassified details of the plot -- first
disclosed in 2005 -- to show that the threat of terrorism has not abated.

"The West Coast plot shows we face a relentless enemy," Mr. Bush told members of
the National Guard Association. "Their plot was derailed in early 2002, when a
Southeast Asian nation arrested a key al-Qaeda operative. Subsequent debriefings
and other intelligence operations made clear the intended target and how
al-Qaeda hoped to execute it."

The terrorists planned to hijack a plane by using "shoe bombs" to breach the
cockpit door. Al-Qaeda intended to use Southeast Asians from Jemaah Islamiyah to
take over the plane, since they would be less likely to arouse suspicion in the
weeks following 9/11.

Since then, JI has lost scores of operatives, many of whom trained under Osama
bin Laden in Afghanistan. It suffered another blow last year when its chief
bombmaker, Dr. Azahari Hussein, was killed, leading to speculation the group was
on its deathbed.

Gen. Mbai, an official at the Desk of Terrorism and Counter-Terrorism at the
Ministry of Political, Legal & Security Affairs in Jakarta, is skeptical of such
a view.

"The death of Dr. Azahari only means that one terrorist has died, but we don't
know how many have replaced him," said Gen. Mbai in an interview with the
National Post.

"JI is a movement based on ideology and politics. An ideological-political
organization does not stop just because of the death of one of its leaders or
personalities."

Although most of its successes have been in Southeast Asia, JI is more than a
regional terrorist group. Its ideology is based on hatred of the West arising
from the Middle East conflict and the perceived persecution of Muslims by the
United States in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks.

"All this is regarded as being an insulting attack by the United States and the
West toward Islam," Gen. Mbai said. "The police have uncovered documents that
indicate they continue to use the same ideology to convince new recruits to join
them, including suicide bombers."

JI continues to have links with al-Qaeda, Gen. Mbai said, citing as evidence a
US$25,000 payment, traced by Indonesian police, from Saudi Arabia to a man
giving refuge to Noordin Top, a JI leader. A raid on Azahari's apartment last
year found videotapes of Noordin Top threatening more attacks.

Prior to the raid many Indonesians had doubted the existence of JI, preferring
elaborate conspiracy theories attributing the bombings in Bali and elsewhere to
the United States.

The government in Jakarta is trying to work with Islamic leaders to attack the
JI ideology, summed up by its leader Abu Bakar Bashir as "Islam must win and
Westerners will be destroyed."

Its ideas are being spread at more than a dozen Islamic schools it operates and
through a growing number of small extremist factions.

Although experts are divided over JI's status, Sidney Jones of the International
Crisis Group in Jakarta believes it to be "weaker, more diffuse but still a
threat."

In contrast, Zachary Abuza, the author of Militant Islam in Southeast Asia and
an associate professor at Simmons College, Boston, says the group is on its last
legs.

"My feeling is that JI is less of an organization today than it is an ideology.
And I think that individual members are encouraged to establish their own small
groups that have geographical or a functional focus."

As for Insp. Gen. Mbai, he sees nothing more than a changing of the guard.

"Today what is happening is that this a new generation. This is a revival of an
old movement and has become further radicalized because of a narrow
understanding of Islamic teachings, which are used to legitimize their
violence."

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 16, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION

WEEKEND PREVIEW

BYLINE: Eddie Timanus

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 13C

LENGTH: 2019 words


Times p.m. Eastern

No. 1 Ohio State (5-0) vs. Minnesota (2-3)

* Time/TV:

 Noon/ESPN.  * Line: Ohio State by 38 1/2.  * Turf:
Grass.

 * The stakes: Homecoming weekend in Columbus finds one
Ohio State alumnus, Minnesota coach Glen Mason, hoping to spoil
the party as the Buckeyes' quest for the Fiesta Bowl continues.


* Plots and subplots:A supreme defensive effort will be
required to keep Minnesota in the game. Gophers safety Tyrone
Carter will have a busy day helping against tailback Michael Wiley
and in coverage against wide receivers Dee Miller and David Boston.
Minnesota's offensive line is overmatched against Buckeyes linebackers
Andy Katzenmoyer and Jerry Rudzinski.

No. 2 UCLA (4-0) vs. No. 12 Oregon (5-0)

* Time/TV: 3:30/ABC.  * Line:UCLA by 10 1/2. * Turf: Grass.

 * The stakes: Huge. After their triumph in Tucson, Ariz.,
the Bruins return home to meet the Ducks, another unbeaten Pac-10
rival, in this collision of two of the USA's top three scoring
teams.

 * Plots and subplots: UCLA quarterback Cade McNown's 54%
completion rate has raised eyebrows, but he has made plays when
needed. Oregon quarterback Akili Smith has been on fire, as has
tailback Reuben Droughns. UCLA tailback Jermaine Lewis has been
reinstated by coach Bob Toledo. A high-scoring affair could turn
on key turnover. The Bruins' defense has 11 takeaways to the Ducks'
seven.

No. 3 Kansas State (5-0) vs. Oklahoma State (2-3)

* Time/TV: 3:30/ABC.  * Line:Kansas State by 21.
 * Turf: Artificial.

 * The stakes:The Wildcats, the new Big 12 North favorites,
continue their league slate against the struggling but dangerous
Cowboys.

 * Plots and subplots: An intriguing matchup between the
Wildcats' attack and the Cowboys' defense, both predicated on
speed. Oklahoma State linebacker Kenyatta Wright and his group
of effective run stoppers must pay attention to running back Eric
Hickson while containing quarterback Michael Bishop. Cowboys quarterback
Tony Lindsay and running back Nathan Simmons must establish a
ground game.

No. 5 Florida (5-1) vs. Auburn (1-4)

* Time/TV: 3:30/CBS.  * Line:Florida by 20. * Turf: Grass.

 * The stakes:Life in the Southeastern Conference gets
no easier for the faltering Tigers as they visit the Swamp, where
the Gators haven't lost a conference game since Auburn's visit
in 1994.

 * Plots and subplots:Injuries to starting quarterback
Jesse Palmer (broken collarbone) and tailback Terry Jackson (ankle)
will require Doug Johnson and Robert Gillespie, respectively,
to step up for the Gators. Coach Terry Bowden is considering Florida-like
quarterback shuffle with Ben Leard and Gabe Gross in effort to
jump-start Auburn's stagnant offense. No. 6 Virginia (5-0)
at No. 25 Georgia Tech (4-1)

* Time/TV: 3:30/ABC.  * Line:Virginia by 2 1/2.
 * Turf: Grass.

 * The stakes:Tech's victory at North Carolina State set
up this showdown with the Cavaliers for the outright Atlantic
Coast Conference lead.

 * Plots and subplots:This clash of strength features the
Yellow Jackets, the conference's top-scoring team, against the
Cavaliers, the stingiest scoring defense. Pivotal matchup pits
Tech quarterback Joe Hamilton and receiver Dez White against strong
safety Anthony Poindexter and UVa's tough secondary. The role
of running back Phillip Rogers will increase for the Yellow Jackets
with the loss of Charles Wiley to a season-ending knee injury.
The Cavaliers will try to control tempo with running back Thomas
Jones, the ACC's leading rusher.

No. 7 Florida State (5-1) vs. Clemson (2-4) * Time/TV:
6/ESPN2.  * Line:Florida State by 28.  * Turf: Grass.

 * The stakes:Though no longer invincible, the Seminoles
have not lost an Atlantic Coast Conference game at home since
joining the league. The Tigers, struggling but coming off a win,
will give it a shot.

 * Plots and subplots:Quarterback Chris Weinke has grown
more comfortable with the Seminoles' offense, making use of wide
receiver Peter Warrick. Clemson quarterback Brandon Streeter also
is coming off his best game against Maryland, but FSU's swarming
defense will pose more problems. The Tigers' defense is averaging
3.5 sacks.

No. 8 Nebraska (5-1) vs. Kansas (2-4) * Time/TV: 7/FSN.
 * Line:Nebraska by 35.  * Turf: Artificial.

 * The stakes:Catching Nebraska on the rebound in Lincoln
is a tough assignment for the Jayhawks, but they nearly upended
'Huskers-killer Texas A&M two weeks ago.

 * Plots and subplots:Nebraska's rushing game has slipped
to an unfamiliar third place in the Big 12. Quarterback Bobby
Newcombe and I-back DeAngelo Evans seek improved production against
a run defense that ranks last in the conference. Quarterback Zac
Wegner and his wide receiver tandem of Harrison Hill and Termaine
Fulton are Kansas' best chance to keep pace.

No. 9 Wisconsin (6-0) at Illinois (2-4) * Time/TV: Noon/ESPN2.
 * Line:Wis. by 20 1/2.  * Turf: Artificial.

 * The stakes:The Badgers try to keep pace in the Big Ten
as they visit rebuilding Illinois.

 * Plots and subplots:Keeping Wisconsin tailback Ron Dayne
from scoring is hard enough, but quarterback Mike Samuel has seven
rushing touchdowns to Dayne's six. The Illini must make Samuel
beat them with his arm, but wide receiver Chris Chambers is reliable
as well for the Badgers. Quarterback Kurt Kittner and running
back Rocky Harvey, both freshmen, continue on-the-job training
in Illinois' offense.

No. 10 Virginia Tech (5-0) vs. Temple (0-6) * Time: 1.
 * Line:Virginia Tech by 35 1/2.  * Turf: Grass.

 * The stakes: The Owls and next week's trip to Alabama-Birmingham
stand between the Hokies and a Halloween showdown with West Virginia.

 * Plots and subplots: The Hokies aren't flashy, but the
formula of strong defense and special teams is working again for
coach Frank Beamer. Nick Sorensen will start at quarterback for
Tech, which will run a low-risk attack with running back Lamont
Pegues. Temple will try to counter with running back Stacey Mack.

No. 11 Penn State (4-1) vs. Purdue (3-3) * Time/TV: 3:30/ABC.
 * Line:Penn State by 8 1/2.  * Turf: Grass.

 * The stakes:The Nittany Lions' defense gets another test
as the Boilermakers and quarterback Drew Brees blow into Happy
Valley.

 * Plots and subplots:Brees' arm was, remarkably, still
attached last week after a record-setting 83 pass attempts. But
success hinges on Purdue establishing running back J. Crabtree's
running game to offset Penn State's pass rush led by linebacker
Brandon Short and defensive end Brad Scioli. .

No. 13 Texas A&M (5-1) at Baylor (2-3) * Time: 7. * Line:Texas A&M by 6 1/2.  *
Turf: Grass.

 * The stakes:For the second time this season, Baylor hosts
the team that toppled No. 2 the previous week. The Aggies hope
to avoid North Carolina State's fate.

 * Plots and subplots:The Aggies' newest weapon, fullback
Ja'Mar Toombs, will be asked for another big performance to exploit
the Bears' run defense. Baylor must counter with tailback Darrell
Bush to control the ball.

No. 14 Georgia (4-1) vs. Vanderbilt (0-5) * Time: 12:30.
 * Line:Georgia by 27 1/2.  * Turf: Grass.

* The stakes: The winless Commodores could be in for a
long day as the Bulldogs look to get the offense back in high
gear.

 * Plots and subplots:Georgia coach Jim Donnan plans to
address the ground-game problems after a poor showing against
Tennessee. Look for big numbers from running back Olandis Gary
against the Commodores' defense. Vandy's offense has fared little
better with freshmen starting at quarterback, David Wallace, and
tailback, Rodney Williams.

No. 16 Arkansas (5-0) at South Carolina (1-5) * Time: 1.
 * Line:Arkansas by 7.  * Turf: Grass.

 * The stakes:The Razorbacks, in the Southeastern Conference
West driver's seat, visit the hard-luck Gamecocks, trying to get
over the hump for a conference victory.

 * Plots and subplots:South Carolina has lost three games
by five or fewer points. The Gamecocks will need more touchdowns
from a rushing attack led by Troy Hambrick to get over the hump.
But Arkansas defends the run well. The Razorbacks use running
backs Chris Chukwuma and Madre Hill to keep the defense rested.

No. 17 Arizona (5-1) at Oregon State (4-2)

* Time: 4.  * Line:Arizona by 8 1/2.  * Turf:
Artificial.

 * The stakes:The Wildcats will need a lot of help to reach
the Rose Bowl but still could play in a major bowl. Oregon State
needs two more wins to end its 27-year string of losing records.

 * Plots and subplots:The Wildcats' reliance on quarterbacks
Ortege Jenkins and Keith Smith has led to problems picking up
ground yardage when needed. Arizona will prevail if running back
Trung Canidate gets rolling early, but Oregon State defensive
end Inoke Breckterfield won't make it easy. Beavers quarterback
Terrance Bryant has produced more than 1,200 yards but only four
touchdown passes.

No. 18 Colorado (5-1) vs. No. 23 Texas Tech (6-0)

* Time: 1:30.  * Line:Colorado by 5 1/2.  *
Turf: Artificial.

 * The stakes: Another week, another unbeaten Big 12 opponent
coming to Boulder. Both teams will have much to say about who
meets in the conference final.

 * Plots and subplots:After a tough outing against K-State,
Colorado quarterback Mike Moschetti hopes to regain his timing
against a Tech defense strong at stopping the run. Red Raiders
running back Ricky Williams always draws attention, but the Buffs
must be aware of quarterback Rob Peters and his top wide receiver,
Donnie Hart.

No. 19 Missouri (4-1) vs. Oklahoma (2-3)

* Time: 2.  * Line:Missouri by 16 1/2.  * Turf:
Grass.

 * The stakes:The Tigers try to keep pace in the Big 12
North. The Sooners and embattled coach John Blake must regroup
from a demolition by archrival Texas.

 * Plots and subplots:Tailback Devin West and quarterback
Corby Jones pace Missouri's ground game, which ranks second nationally
behind Air Force. Oklahoma running back De'Mond Parker needs 33
yards rushing to move into fifth place in school history.

No. 21 LSU (3-2) vs. Kentucky (4-2)

* Time/TV: 9/ESPN2.  * Line:LSU by 10.  * Turf:
Grass.

 * The stakes:The Tigers look to end their two-game slide.
The Wildcats need a quality win to enhance their bowl credentials.

 * Plots and subplots: Quarterback Herb Tyler's efficient
passing gives LSU's offense more balance than last year, when
tailback Kevin Faulk and Co. ran roughshod over the Wildcats.
Kentucky quarterback Tim Couch counters with his aerial assault
featuring wide receiver Craig Yeast and using running back Anthony
White (44 catches) as his possession receiver.

No. 22 Syracuse (3-2) at Boston College (3-2) * Time/TV:
3:30/CBS.  * Line:Syracuse by 13.  * Turf: Artificial.

 * The stakes:BC must win to stay in the Big East race.
The Orangemen, entertaining major-bowl thoughts, can't afford
another stumble.

 * Plots and subplots: Syracuse quarterback Donovan McNabb
will be without wide receiver Quinton Spotwood (knee) for the
remainder of the season, leaving Kevin Johnson as his top deep
threat. BC running back Mike Cloud and quarterback Scott Mutryn
can produce against Syracuse's defense, but the Eagles must play
a turnover-free game.

No. 24 Tulane (4-0) vs. Louisville (3-3) * Time/TV: 3:30/FSN.
 * Line:Tulane by 16.  * Turf: Artificial.

 * The stakes:Having dethroned Southern Miss, the Green
Wave are in fine shape atop the Conference USA, but obstacles
remain.

 * Plots and subplots: This game's marquee matchup of quarterbacks
features Chris Redman's prolific aerial assault for Louisville
against Shaun King's controlled efficiency for Tulane.

Rest of the Top 25No. 4 Tennessee, No. 15 W. Virginia and
No. 20 Notre Dame are idle.

* FSN -- Fox Sports Net.

* Lines by USA TODAY sports analyst Danny Sheridan.

* CLICK HERE for continuously updated scores throughout
the college football weekend and for exclusive notebooks of every
NCAA Division I team on USA TODAY Online at: college.usatoday.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            November 5, 2013 Tuesday

Public Service Company of Oklahoma sues to purchase BNSF plot

BYLINE: D. Ray Tuttle

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 516  words


Public Service Company of Oklahoma plans to spend $17 million on revamping and
expanding its downtown electric substation to meet future power demands of the
growing Brady District and northwest downtown.

However, the utility has been stymied because its neighbor will not sell a
parcel of land to allow for growth.

PSO, a unit of Ohio-based American Electric Power, operates the substation at
First Street between Cheyenne Avenue and Denver Avenue. The half-acre plot is
owned by Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railroad. The landlocked electric utility
has reached out to BNSF to purchase the plot.

So far Burlington Northern has not been willing to sell, according to the
petition, with the railroad rebuffing the utility's repeated requests.  On
Friday, PSO filed a lawsuit in Tulsa County District Court seeking to force the
railroad to sell the plot.

"PSO has made diligent and repeated efforts to acquire the property," according
to the petition. "It is necessary for a public purpose that PSO exercise the
right of eminent domain to appropriate and acquire fee simple title to such
lands by condemnation. "

The Fort Worth, Texas-based railroad told PSO that the railroad is not required
to sell to the utility, said Toney D. Foster, an attorney with the
Claremore-based law firm of Taylor, Burrage, Foster, Mallett, Downs, Ramsey and
Russell, in an interview with The Journal Record. The law firm represents PSO.

The BNSF claims that PSO does not fall into the railroad's narrow criteria in
order to sell, Foster said.

"They claim they have a limited right of way and need that land for railroad
purposes," Foster said.

Filing a lawsuit was the last option for PSO, Foster said.

BNSF continues to evaluate the safety and operational effects of a large
electrical substation within 50 feet of its operation, said Joe Faust,
spokesman.

"BNSF looks forward to reaching a mutually agreeable solution with PSO regarding
this project," Faust said.

PSO expected to begin the expansion in January 2016, said Stan Whiteford, PSO
spokesman. The project would last through December 2018.

"It is a significant redesign and rebuild of that substation," Whiteford said.
"It would give us improved reliability downtown and account for continued load
growth in the area. "

The expansion would add another transformer to accommodate the anticipated
demand for power, Whiteford said. A transformer steps the power down from a
transmission level of thousands of volts to distribution-level voltage, or
household-level voltage, of 120 volts.

There is a need for a substation expansion, Whiteford said, because of the
continued development in the area.

"PSO wants to get out ahead of the forecasts and be able to handle local growth
happening in that area - buildings, new hotels being built and being planned,
new living spaces," Whiteford said.  "There is just so much new growth being
anticipated in the area. "

The case was assigned to Tulsa County District Court Judge Mark Barcus.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             March 29, 2011 Tuesday
                                   D1 Edition

DuPage County in 60 seconds

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 303 words


You can rent a garden plot:

Community garden plots are available for rent at Oakhurst Forest Preserve, 1680
Fifth Ave., on the east side of Aurora. The 5-acre site features 250 plots that
are available to community gardeners each growing season. The season rental fee
is $15 per plot, with no limit on the number of plots that can be rented. A map
is available at foxvalleyparkdistrict.org. Plot reservations are taken at the
Eola Community Center, 555 S. Eola Road, or by calling (630) 851-8990.

Scholarships available:

To help architecture students of today become the designers of tomorrow, the
Northeast Illinois Chapter of The American Institute of Architects is offering
three scholarships of up to $1,000 each. Applicants must be U.S. citizens and
enrolled for the 2011-12 school year in an accredited architecture program at a
school within the National Architectural Accrediting Board's West Central or
East Central regions. They also must be permanent residents of the chapter's
service area, which includes DuPage, Kane and Kendall counties, as well as Cook
County, except for the area within the city limits of Chicago and the areas
south of I-55 or east of the Edens Expressway. Past winners are ineligible.
Applications and two letters of recommendation must be submitted by 5 p.m. April
29. Application forms are available at www.aianei.org/Scholarships.html.

Woodridge man enters plea:

Michael Gardner of Woodridge pleaded not guilty Monday to felony charges of
false impersonation of an attorney and theft by deception. Gardner, 53, is
accused of swindling thousands of dollars from a Naperville family by acting as
their attorney. His next court appearance is scheduled for 9 a.m. May 2. Gardner
faces up to five years in prison if convicted of the most serious charge, which
also is punishable by probation.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Michael Gardner

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 13, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Terrorists or Teens?

BYLINE: Dahlia Lithwick

SECTION: Outlook; B02

LENGTH: 1110 words


At first blush, it's just outrageous. Across the country, teenagers are being
tried as terrorists for plots to shoot their enemies in the lunchroom. In many
cases, they have been charged under terrorism laws intended to keep us safe from
al-Qaeda, not from anguished Goths with dreams of grandeur.

Prosecutors say that angry young men amassing guns and bombs really is
terrorism; that the students killed in 1999 at Columbine High School are as much
terrorism victims as the workers killed in the World Trade Center in 2001.
Defense lawyers say these prosecutions are overblown; they allow prosecutors to
claim  huge victories against terrorism when they've just put a pimply misfit
behind bars.

As is often the case, the truth lies somewhere in the middle. There is a
difference between terrorists and teenagers, and using stiff anti-terrorism laws
to ratchet up penalties and punish juveniles as adults obscures an important
distinction. As Michael Greenberger, a law professor at the University of
Maryland, recently told USA Today, charging troubled teenagers as terrorists
"cheapens the war on terror." There's a profound difference between
fundamentalist Islamic terrorism, domestic terrorism such as Timothy McVeigh's
bombing in Oklahoma City and juvenile plots to shoot the cool kids in study
hall. Charging all three classes of offenders as terrorists only serves to blur
the already porous legal definition of terrorism. It suggests that the lonely
kid who posts bomb threats on his MySpace page is the moral equivalent of
Mohamed Atta.

But that lonely kid can prove to be a lethal kid, and, as Columbine's Eric
Harris and Dylan Klebold, and D.C. sniper Lee Boyd Malvo, proved, the fact that
you're in high school hardly matters when you've fatally shot someone. While
it's clear that we shouldn't be using terrorism laws to prosecute teenage death
threats, the striking parallels between fundamentalist terrorists and alleged
school shooters offer  intriguing insight into the policy strategies for
addressing both.

The annual crop of Columbine wannabes flourished yet again this year. And where
they once may have been charged with conspiracy or attempted assault, they are
now charged as terrorists. Which probably rules out college.

In April  --  timed, as ever, to coincide with the anniversary of the Columbine
killings  --  a string of disturbing plots emerged: Four New Jersey students,
ages 14 to 16, were charged with first-degree terrorism  on suspicion of
plotting to massacre at least 17 people during lunchtime at Winslow Township
High School on April 20, seven years to the day after Columbine. None of the
students had been able to obtain weapons. In Kansas City, Mo., two 17-year-olds
were charged with making terrorist threats in an alleged plot to use guns and
explosives against Platte County R-3 High School, also timed to coincide with
the Columbine anniversary.

In Michigan, prosecutors are deciding whether to file terrorism charges against
a 16-year-old Oxford boy accused of stockpiling homemade bombs, napalm and
blueprints of his high school in his parents' basement. Also in Michigan, Andrew
Osantowski, 18, of Macomb County was sentenced to at least 41/2 years in prison
in June after a jury found him guilty of terrorism and making terrorist threats
in a plot to massacre students at his suburban Detroit high school. Amassed in
his home were an AK-47, pipe bombs, a Nazi flag, printed material about Adolf
Hitler and a schematic diagram of his school.

One of the striking similarities in all these school shooting plots is this lack
of originality. There's always the stupid Nazi flag. There's always the school
schematic. There's usually a pornographically detailed written plan. It's as
though the same adolescent drive to own the same style of Nikes as all the other
kids animates a need to plot the exact same killing spree. And perhaps that is
the parallel between the 9/11 terrorists and these would-be school shooters  --
their fundamental passivity, failure of imagination and willingness to be led
without thought.

There's another telling similarity between suicide bombers and teenage would-be
suicide-shooters: A Secret Service study undertaken in response to the rash of
school shootings in the late 1990s found that of the 41 teenage shooters studied
--  ranging in age from 11 to 21 and with little commonality in family
background, income or intelligence  --  the  only common links were depression
and suicidal tendencies. Moreover, like suicide bombers, school shooters see
themselves as victims. The report indicated that more than two-thirds of the
school shooters felt persecuted or bullied. The motive for the shooting often
was revenge. In that sense, too, school shooters could be compared to
terrorists; they feel victimized and despairing, they hunger for revenge and
they need to have their lives matter, even if only in hindsight.

One of the most pathetic details that emerged with last month's release of
nearly 1,000 pages of previously confidential diary entries, notes and
schoolwork of the two Columbine shooters was this: Sandwiched between the hatred
and loneliness and alienation was a simple yet acute longing for girlfriends. As
Newsweek reported, Klebold, 17 at the time, lamented, "I don't know what I do
wrong with people (mainly women) it's like they set out to hate & ignore me."
This is not unlike the longings of the fundamentalist suicide bomber, whose
religious beliefs often lead to a complicated mix of desire for and loathing of
women.

Certainly, there are differences between disaffected Goths and suicide bombers.
The role that religion plays in the minds of the latter group cannot be
underestimated. More broadly, teenagers are teenagers, and they are not
criminally culpable in the way an adult might be, even when their attacks are as
lethal. And because teenage boys with grudges are fundamentally different from
men with liquid explosives, we should resist the temptation to use terrorism
laws to prosecute them; even when those laws offer the prospect of longer
sentences and trial in adult court.

Still, it may well be the case that the best legal analogy we have for teenagers
plotting a repeat of Columbine in this country is religious terrorism. In both
cases, the offenders are alienated and grandiose, bitter and vengeful. And
although we shouldn't use laws fashioned for terrorists to try high-schoolers
with homemade bombs, we should consider the parallels between them in fashioning
laws to deter and punish both.

dahlia.lithwick@hotmail.com

</body>Dahlia Lithwick covers legal affairs for Slate, the online magazine at
www.slate.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 7, 2000, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Suspect in New Year's Terror Plot Is Arrested in Algeria

BYLINE: By JUDITH MILLER

SECTION: Section A;  Page 3;  Column 1;  Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 941 words


A fugitive charged with plotting terrorist attacks in the United States over the
New Year's holidays last winter has been quietly arrested in Algeria, Clinton
administration officials said yesterday.

Officials said that Abdelmajid Dahoumane, a 33-year-old Algerian sought by
American and Canadian authorities for almost a year, was arrested in Algeria
less than two months ago. Last April, the United States and Canada offered up to
$5 million for information leading to his arrest and conviction.

In an indictment issued last January, prosecutors for the United States
attorney's office in Seattle accused Mr. Dahoumane of being an accomplice of
Ahmed Ressam, an Algerian indicted for plotting a "terrorist act" in the United
States.

The plot was foiled on Dec. 14, 1999, when border agents in Port Angeles, Wash.,
arrested Mr. Ressam as he tried to cross the Canadian border in a car loaded
with explosives and four homemade detonators.

According to officials, Mr. Dahoumane and Mr. Ressam shared a hotel room in
Vancouver, Canada, during the month before Mr. Ressam's attempt to cross the
border and may have made the explosives together. Officials said they believed
that several members of the Algerian group had been members of the Armed Islamic
Group in Algeria, whose members have killed thousands of their fellow countrymen
in that country's civil war.

Officials said that the Algerian police have been questioning Mr. Dahoumane not
only about his activities with Mr. Ressam before the millennial celebrations in
Canada and the United States, but also about his possible links to a terrorist
network believed to be headed by Osama bin Laden -- whom the United States has
accused of the 1998 bombing of two embassies in Africa in which more than 200
people died -- or at least his knowledge of the network.

American officials suspect that Mr. bin Laden's group was involved in assisting
Mr. Ressam and his alleged conspirators with attempted terrorism in the United
States and with a separate bombing plot in Jordan. But officials said that
information collected so far about Mr. bin Laden's possible involvement in the
American plot was inconclusive.

According to administration officials, Mr. Dahoumane has not provided much
information either about the millennium bombing plot or whatever ties to Mr.
Laden's group he may have had.

A State Department spokesman declined to comment today on whether the United
States had sought Mr. Dahoumane's extradition. Law enforcement officials
declined today to confirm his legal status.

Mr. Ressam is scheduled to stand trial in March in Los Angeles. Abdel Ghani
Meskini and Mokhtar Haouari, two other alleged accomplices in the case, will be
tried in New York later next year on charges of conspiring to support a
terrorist group and to conceal support for Mr. Ressam.

American investigators have been repeatedly frustrated in their efforts to find
out what the Algerians intended to blow up in the United States and when they
planned to act. A year into the investigation, American officials and
investigators said, they were still uncertain how many bombs Mr. Ressam and his
colleagues had been planning to detonate or their exact itinerary in the United
States.

Neither Mr. Ressam nor the other Algerians indicted in Seattle or New York have
shed light on such critical issues as what if any assistance they received from
Mr. bin Laden's group, which is based in Afghanistan, officials said.

Early in the investigation, American and Canadian investigators uncovered what
they believed were links between Mr. bin Laden and the Algerians charged with
plotting the terrorist attack in the United States. Last January, for instance,
authorities in Mauritania, at the request of the United States, detained
Mohambedou Ould Slahi, a brother-in-law of one of Mr. bin Laden's lieutenants.
Officials suspected that Mr. Slahi had traveled to Canada to direct Mr. Ressam
and his Algerian group in Canada in their effort to enter the United States to
commit terrorism.

But Mr. Slahi was eventually released and disappeared after the American
officials decided that they lacked sufficient evidence to charge him with a
crime and to request his extradition.

Officials said they had no specific evidence that Mr. bin Laden set the American
bombing plot in motion. But investigators said they had found several ties
between members of the American bombing plot and Mr. bin Laden's worldwide
network.

Officials disclosed, for example, that one of the men charged in the American
millennium bombing case had a roommate who was associated with an Islamic
charity that prosecutors said played a role in the embassy bombings in Africa,
with which Mr. bin Laden has been charged.

Middle Eastern and American officials say they believe that one of Mr. bin
Laden's lieutenants, Abu Zubaydah, helped coordinate a terrorist plot that was
aimed at Western and Israeli tourists in Jordan late last December. Officials
said that they believed that the same lieutenant was also in contact with the
Algerian group, some of whose members were charged in the bombing plot aimed at
the unspecified targets in the United States. But it is still not clear whether
Mr. Zubaydah played an active role in that plot, these officials say.

Last January, a federal grand jury in Seattle charged Mr. Dahoumane with
crossing a national boundary and conspiring among other things to "destroy or
damage structures, conveyances or other real or personal property."

Officials said that while both Mr. Ressam and Mr. Dahoumane entered the United
States from Canada, they traveled separately.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 22, 1988, Friday, Final Edition

D.C. Travel Agent Denies He Had Role in Alleged Plot to Kill Col. North

BYLINE: Caryle Murphy, Sandra Evans, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A10

LENGTH: 945 words


A lawyer for Mousa Hawamda denied yesterday that his client was involved in an
alleged assassination plot against former White House aide Oliver L. North and
called allegations that Hawamda, who runs a District travel agency, is a Libyan
intelligence agent "ludicrous."

"I know nothing about" the alleged plot against North, said attorney Ray Hanna.
The allegations surfaced Wednesday when U.S. Attorney Henry E. Hudson asked a
federal magistrate in Alexandria to detain Hawamda, along with five other men,
without bond on a charge of violating the administration's trade embargo against
Libya.

Hanna described Hawamda, a 42-year-old naturalized citizen from Jordan who runs
the Manara Travel Agency on K Street NW, as a family man with two children.

He said that his client was subpoenaed in 1985 before an Alexandria federal
grand jury investigating allegations that some Libyans here planned to kill
Libyans opposed to the government of Col. Moammar Gadhafi. No charges were ever
brought.

Hudson declined yesterday to elaborate on his allegations. The U.S. magistrate
in Alexandria has scheduled a detention hearing for the men today and a grand
jury in Alexandria will begin hearing testimony Monday on the trade embargo
violations and the alleged assassination plan.

Those subpoenaed for the grand jury include Richard Shadyac, a former attorney
for the McLean-based Peoples Committee for Libyan Students, as well as several
employees of the committee.Three of the men charged Wednesday are members of the
committee, which provides financial support for Libyan students in the United
States.

Shadyac and State Department officials expressed skepticism about the alleged
plot to kill North, who helped organize the U.S. bombing of Libya in April 1986.

"If they have evidence of a plot against North, charge these people in
accordance with the American way," Shadyac said. "Don't hold them without bail
based on unsubstantiated allegations."

Several State Department officials, cautioning that they had not seen the
prosecutor's evidence, said similar allegations went back several years and that
no charges had been brought at that time, seeming to indicate that the evidence
was not sufficient.

The American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee suggested that "phantom plots to
assassinate Oliver North" were attempts "to vindicate" the former aide by
placing "him in a sympathetic role as the victim."

Hudson may have to lay out more details of the alleged plot at the hearing today
before U.S. Magistrate Leonie Brinkema, who will determine whether the six men
should be detained without bond until their trial. A preliminary hearing on the
merits of the case is scheduled for Thursday.

The six men, and two other Libyans arrested Tuesday night in Denver and Ann
Arbor, Mich., are accused of using student funds that came to the committee in
McLean to support anti-American activities and for travel by nonstudents to
Libya.

Hudson cited the assassination plot against an unnamed government official at
Wednesday's hearings after Brinkema pressed him for a reason to detain Hawamda
and the others without bond until today's hearing. Sources later named North as
the target of the alleged plot.

An FBI affidavit filed in Alexandria alleges Hawamda is a Libyan intelligence
operative who received $ 35,000 from Mohamed Madjoub, identified as a top Libyan
intelligence officer, to start up Manara Travel "to serve Libyan foreign
intelligence gathering activities."

However, in a sworn deposition in connection with a 1982 civil suit in D.C.
Superior Court, Hawamda said he began Manara with a $ 60,000 investment from a
Lebanese business partner named Admed Mourad. Manara was incorporated in the
District in September 1980, with Hawamda as president, according to corporate
records.

Hawamda acknowledged he had no previous travel business experience, but hoped to
get clients from the 75,000 Arab students here at the time. The Libyan
government became his biggest client in April 1981, he said. He claimed to have
lost much of that business, however, when the government learned it could get
cheaper tickets by buying directly from Pan American Airways.

Hawamda, who told Brinkema Wednesday that he holds U.S. and Jordanian passports,
said he came to the United States in the early 1970s to study physics at San
Jose State University, where he obtained a master's degree. In 1976 he entered
Georgetown University, where he received a PhD in nuclear physics in 1982, he
said.

Before starting the travel agency, his only employment in this country was as a
car salesman and as a teaching assistant at Georgetown for five years, he said.

The Peoples Committee for Libyan Students was set up in 1981 to distribute
Libyan government funds to its students here after the Libyan Embassy was
ordered closed. According to court documents, the eight men were involved in a
scheme to use student funds to finance trips to Libya for nonstudents and to
finance anti-U.S. demonstrations here.

Hawamda helped the illegal diversion by making "false billings" from Manara for
airline tickets, saying they were issued to Libyan students, the affidavit
stated. Under the trade embargo, the committee could use money from Libya only
for students' expenses.

All the committee's employees have been subpoenaed to appear before the grand
jury next week, according to an employee who declined to identify himself. He
said the FBI searched the offices Wednesday, taking student financial documents
and equipment. The seized papers were "no big deal," he said. "We have nothing
to hide."

Staff writers Evelyn Hsu and David Ottoway contributed to this report.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS, DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 3, 1984, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

PAPERS SHOW DRUG LINK TO SUSPECT IN ALLEGED PLOT AGAINST HONDURAN

BYLINE: By JON NORDHEIMER

SECTION: Section 1; Page 9, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 764 words

DATELINE: MIAMI, Nov. 2


A Miami man named as a central figure in an alleged plot to overthrow the
Government of Honduras was already under investigation in a drug-smuggling case,
according to affidavits made public today.

The suspect, Faiz J. Sikaffy, a Honduran national living in Miami, was linked by
the Federal drug-enforcement officials to the smuggling of cocaine and marijuana
into Florida and Louisiana before his arrest Thursday on charges of conspiring
to assassinate President Roberto Suazo Cordova of Honduras.

Mr. Sikaffy, 48 years old, who has imported agricultural goods and operated
fishing boats since he left Honduras two years ago, was one of eight people
arrested by the Federal Bureau of Investigation in connection with the alleged
plot against Dr. Suazo Cordova.

He and three others named in the conspiracy today were ordered held without bond
by a Federal Magistrate in Miami. The others are Gerard Latchinian, 46, Manual
Binker, 48, and Robert Kurtz. All except Mr. Kurtz were charged with conspiracy
to commit murder.

Profits From Smuggling

Mr. Kurtz and four others were accused of smuggling drugs to help finance the
plot. Bond for the four others was set at $100,000 to $500,000.

The bureau also named a Honduran General, Jose Abnegado Bueso Rosa, the military
attache in Chile, in the plot. The United States was seeking to extradite
General Bueso Rosa from Chile to face murder conspiracy charges, and United
Press International quoted Jaime Del Valle, the Foreign Minister of Chile, as
saying that the extradition request was passed on to the Chilean Supreme Court
today for a ruling.

Documents containing bureau affidavits were presented at the bond hearings. They
included details of the two-month undercover investigation that led to the
charges.

''Once the assassination had occurred, Latchinian advised he had a choice among
three generals to assume power, all of whom were frends of his,'' Eduardo M.
Sanchez, a bureau agent said in a statement.

''The purpose of the assassination was to create turmoil and the best of three
generals would take over the reins of office,'' Mr. Sanchez stated. ''Latchinian
claimed that only General Bueso knew of the plot.''

According to the investigation, General Bueso Rosa, had traveled to Miami on
several occasions to discuss the progress of the alleged assassination plot with
his Honduran associates here.

Until a shakeup of the Honduran military staff in March, General Bueso Rosa had
been Army chief of staff under the top military commander, Gen. Gustavo Alvarez
Martinez. After the shakeup, General Bueso Rosa was reassigned to Chile and
General Alvarez, who was ousted from his post, moved to the Miami area.

The Government of Honduras has said that General Alvarez is also linked to the
alleged plot, and The Associated Press reported that the Attorney General of
Honduras, Elizabeth Chiuz Sierra said she would seek extradition from the United
States of General Alvarez and the eight men arrested Thursday to face charges of
high treason and related crimes in Honduras.

Interviewed today, General Alvarez said he was ''surprised'' by news of the
plot.

''This is not the way to fix things,'' he continued. ''In these things it is
necessary to have patience even though one feels being treated unjustly.''

Reaction in Honduras

News of the charges caused a sensation in Honduras. Some Hondurans, however,
doubted that an assassination of Dr. Suazo Cordova could bring down the
Government; a military council holds ultimate power in the country.

''I say it's prepostrous because even if they could physically eliminate the
President it would not have made the Government fall,'' Jaime Rolando Rosenthal
Oliva, publisher of El Tiempo newspaper, said in a telephone interview.

In documents entered by the F.B.I. in court today, agents stated that Mr.
Latchinian had said that Mr. Skikaffy was contacted recently by a man he
identified as the ''chief of police of Honduras'' to give advice on how to
dispose of 2,320 pounds of cocaine in the United States.

F.B.I. informers also reported that seafood processing plants operated by Mr.
Sikaffy in Louisiana were covers for the importation of marijuana, the documents
related, and other testimony stated that boats used in Mr. Sikaffy's fleet were
engaged in smuggling activities.

Mr. Sikaffy told a bureau informer ''that he had borrowed money several times
from the 'mob' and that he was in the drug trade to pay off these debts and
finance the ouster of the current government of his country,'' a bureau agent
stated.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            January 31, 2010 Sunday

Valley Life: Where's a good plot when you need one?

BYLINE: By Penny Warner Columnist

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 539 words


DON'T YOU JUST want to slap the next person who blurts out the overused phrase,
"Get a life!"?

I have a life. In fact, with writing and teaching and baby-sitting
grandchildren, I have more than enough lives.

Truth is, what I need right now is a plot. Not a cemetery plot, a story plot. A
plot is similar to a life, but it's fiction and has a deadline   although I
suppose you could argue that life does, too.

I'm glad I have a life because writing a column every couple of weeks requires
it. If I don't experience something interesting, then I have nothing to write
about. But when writing fiction, that's   to use another overused phrase
"another story."

Making stuff up is much like being a good liar, only you have to lie for about
300 pages. And for that, you need a plot.

After writing two books in my new mystery series, I need a plot for my third.
I've already poisoned a bride, drowned a socialite, bludgeoned a philanthropist,
and creatively murdered several other fictional characters. I've got the murder
stuff down. What I need now is a cleverly twisting story full of red herrings,
misdirection, and cliffhangers.

And it has to sound like real life.

Therein lies the problem. While I have "a life," it doesn't include mayhem,
malice or murder. Living here in the valley, while it has its ups and down like
any valley, is mostly peaceful and pleasant.

If I want drama, I turn on the TV and watch shows like "The Mentalist,"
"Castle," and "Criminal Minds." Sometimes these shows give me ideas for my own
plots. But I have to be careful I don't steal the stories outright. That could
lead to courtroom drama of another kind.

At book signings, I'm often asked, "Where do you get your plots?" My fellow
writers usually give a witty response, like "At the plot store" or "Walmart."
But the truth is, plots are difficult to come by, especially when your amateur
sleuth isn't a police officer or attorney or private detective. Plots just seem
to fall into their laps.

In my new series, my protagonist is a party planner. Only problem is, so many
people have been dropping dead at her parties, she's going to be out of business
soon. That's called the "Jessica Fletcher Syndrome."

Remember how Jessica Fletcher, in "Murder She Wrote," was always tripping over
dead bodies in quaint little Cabot Cove? It's a wonder there was anyone left in
the town. So who's going to hire Presley Parker to host a party when inevitably
one or more of the guests will be found dead in the punchbowl? In real life, her
"Killer Parties" business wouldn't last the party season.

But luckily, writing fiction isn't like real life. You can make up anything you
want. That's called plotting. And now I'm right back where I started this
lament.

Maybe I should take a break from the world of fiction and get back to real life
by throwing a party, with finger foods (not literally) and chocolates
(poison-free). And, what the heck, signed copies of "How to Host a Killer
Party."

I just hope no one falls facedown in the punch bowl. I'd like to keep fiction
and real life separate as much as possible.

Contact Penny Warner at www.pennywarner.com . Join her Monday, Feb. 8 from 7 to
9 p.m. for a book-release party at Peasant and the Pear restaurant, 267 Hartz
Ave., Danville.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

Becton, Dickinson and Company applies for US Patent titled as "SYSTEM AND METHOD
FOR ADJUSTING CYTOMETER MEASUREMENTS"

LENGTH: 237 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170016828 for US Patent, published on January 19, 2017, by
Becton, Dickinson and Company, titled as "SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR ADJUSTING
CYTOMETER MEASUREMENTS"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Xu; Heng; (Castro Valley, CA) ; Yan; Ming; (Pleasanton, CA)

Applicant: Becton, Dickinson and Company   Franklin Lakes   NJ   US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Methods and systems for operating a flow cytometer can include forward scatter
values, side scatter values, and fluorescence intensity values for events of an
unstained sample and associating the fluorescence intensity values with forward
scatter-side scatter side scatter plot regions. Methods and systems for
operating a flow cytometer can also include measuring forward scatter values,
side scatter values, and fluorescence intensity values for events of a stained
sample, determining forward scatter-side scatter plot locations for the events
of the stained sample, and for each event of the stained sample, subtracting the
fluorescence intensity value associated with the forward scatter-side scatter
plot region that contains the forward scatter-side scatter plot location of the
stained sample event from the measured fluorescence intensity value of the
stained sample event at that forward scatter-side scatter plot location."


LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Sunday Times (Perth, Australia)

                              July 9, 2006 Sunday
                                 Street Edition

8 linked to tunnel plot

SECTION: Pg. 37

LENGTH: 435  words


NEW YORK: The FBI says it has identified eight

al-Qaida followers involved in a plot to attack the transit system in New York
and three of them have been taken into custody overseas.

''We believe we have what I'll call eight principal players and we have them
largely identified,'' Mark Mershon, head of the FBI's New York office, said.

Three have been arrested, but only one -- a Lebanese national described as the
''mastermind'' of the plot and a disciple of al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden --
has been formally charged, Mr Mershon said.

He said the man had confessed ''his adherence to the philosophy of al-Qaida, his
swearing of allegiance to Osama bin Laden and the fact that he was the
mastermind of this plot and it was to play out later this year, October or
November of '06''.

Earlier, the FBI said it had foiled a terror plot to attack mass-transit targets
in New York, including tunnels.

''We have disrupted a terrorist network that was in the planning stages of an
attack against the transportation system in the New York-New Jersey area,'' it
said in a joint statement with the Department of Homeland Security.

News of the plot was broken on Friday by a New York newspaper, which cited
counter-terrorism officials in identifying the chief target as the Holland
Tunnel, the main road link between Manhattan and New Jersey that runs under the
Hudson River.

Pete King, chairman of the House of Representatives' Homeland Security
Committee, suggested it was part of a series of planned attacks.

''There certainly are and have been serious plots against the New York City
transit system,'' he said.

Mr King said investigations by federal and New York officials had been going on
for nine or 10 months and

involved plans of ''very excruciating'' detail.

The alleged conspirator

arrested at the request of US officials was identified by a diplomatic source in
Beirut as Assem Hammoud.

Lebanon's interim Interior Minister, Ahmed Fatfat, said a Lebanese citizen had
been detained ''six weeks ago'' on suspicion of being ''the leader of a network
operating on the internet''.

According to the newspaper report, the plot had received a pledge of financial
support and assistance from Jordanian associates of al-Qaida chief Abu Musab
al-Zarqawi before he was killed by a US air strike in Iraq last month.

It was unclear whether the aid was actually delivered.

The 2.4km Holland Tunnel, which is used by thousands of cars and trucks daily,
is

already operating under tight security.

New York Senator Charles Schumer said the plot had been uncovered at an early
stage and suggested the conspirators may not have posed a major threat.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: SDT


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            November 13, 2005 Sunday
                              Correction Appended

Agriculture Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b7

LENGTH: 525 words


Cattlemen's group will hold banquet

The Dubuque County Cattlemen's Association will hold its annual banquet and
queen crowning Friday at the Dubuque County Fairgrounds ballroom.

A char-grilled ribeye steak dinner will be served 6 to 8 p.m.

Entertainment will be provided by KDTH radio station.

Tickets are $12 at the door. Packages of frozen ribeye steaks will be given away
to all who attend.

Drainage seminar planned in Elizabeth

ELIZABETH, Ill. - Agriculture producers and landowners can learn about drainage
and decision aids for design at the Advances in Agricultural Drainage seminar
from 1:30 to 3:30 p.m. Tuesday at the University of Illinois County Extension
Office in Elizabeth.

The seminar is intended to give participants the tools to start making informed
decisions about the need and value of improving surface and subsurface drainage.

The cost is $3 per person. To register, call 815/858-2273.

Detailed results offered for harvested plots

ELIZABETH, Ill. - Detailed results of the 2005 Jo-Carroll Extension Unit soybean
variety, corn hybrid and corn silage plots that were recently harvested are now
available at both the Elizabeth and Mount Carroll Extension offices.

Jo Daviess County plots included the conventional corn plot, hosted by Wayne
Simmons, of Stockton, where 52 entries averaged 213.6 bushels per acre with a
range of 191.1 bushels to 243.8 bushels. The no-till corn plot, hosted by Howard
Sincox, of Apple River, had 40 entries that averaged 219.6 bushels per acre with
a range of 188.3 bushels to 245.7 bushels. The no-till soybean plot, also hosted
by Sincox, had 45 entries that averaged 71.5 bushels with a range from 64
bushels to 78 bushels.

For more information about the program, contact Mark Maidak, Jo-Carroll Unit
Leader, at 815/858-2273.

New Web site to focus on distillers grain

URBANA, Ill. - The University of Illinois Extension has created a new Web site
dedicated to distillers grain, a valuable commodity for corn and livestock
producers.

The web address for the site, titled, "Distillers Feeds: Using Illinois
ByProduct Feeds in Livestock Feeding Programs," is
http://ilift.traill.uiuc.edu/distillers.

The site contains a list of Midwestern distillers grain sources and contacts for
current prices and byproduct availability, as well as other valuable information
on the topic.

The Illinois Council on Food and Agricultural Research funded the Web site,
seeking to assist livestock producers in successfully incorporating wet and dry
distiller grain in their feeding program.

Johanns: Ballots mailed for committee elections

SPRINGFIELD, Mo. - Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns announced last week that
the Farm Service Agency county committee elections officially began with the
mailing of ballots.

Agricultural producers, who participate or cooperate in any FSA program and are
of legal voting age, can vote.

Any eligible voters who have not received a ballot should contact their county
FSA office.

All ballots must be completed and returned to the voter's FSA office or
postmarked by Dec. 5. Newly elected committee members and alternates take office
Jan. 1.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: November 15, 2005

CORRECTION:

Headline: Agriculture Briefs

Published: 11-13-2005

The Dubuque County Cattlemen's Association held its annual banquet on Friday,
Nov. 11. A story on Page 7B Sunday said the banquet would be held Nov. 18.

                  Copyright 2005 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

               January 13, 1994, Thursday, DAILY: TORONTO EDITION

KERRIGAN PLOT PROBED: NBC says bodyguard confessed to planning attack on skater

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: SECTION 4, INSIDE SPORT; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 359 words

DATELINE: New York, NY


Tonya Harding's bodyguard confessed to participating in a plot to injure Olympic
figure skating rival Nancy Kerrigan, NBC News reported last night.

The report on the show ''Now'' with Tom Brokaw and Katie Couric also quoted the
unidentified sources as saying the weapon had been recovered in Detroit, from a
dumpster behind the ice rink where Kerrigan was attacked last Thursday after
practice.

Earlier yesterday, the Portland Oregonian reported that the FBI was
investigating allegations that Harding's husband, Jeff Gillooly, and her
bodyguard, Shawn Eric Eckardt, were involved in the attack.

In Detroit, deputy police chief Benny Napoleon said no arrest would be announced
last night.

''There is nothing else I can say at this time,'' he said.

Regarding the NBC report that Eckardt had confessed, Napoleon said, ''It is an
ongoing investigation. I'm not in a position to discuss that.''

Both NBC and the Oregonian said Harding had no knowledge of the alleged plot.
NBC said authorities expected to arrest four people late yesterday or this
morning on federal charges.

The Oregonian reported that Gillooly and Eckardt hired a ''hit man'' to carry
out the attack. The story was based on information from a man who said he heard
a tape of a conversation in which the plot to injure Kerrigan was discussed.

NBC said, according to its sources, authorities don't have the tape. The sources
said the tape was destroyed by one of the suspects after the Oregonian report
appeared.

According to the NBC sources, Harding's husband and the bodyguard arranged for a
hit man from Arizona to attend a meeting in Portland.

NBC said the alleged plot came to light because the bodyguard taped the meeting
and later played the tape for a friend, a minister.

According to the Oregonian, a minister named Eugene C. Saunders told a private
investigator that he had listened to the tape. The two men then went to
authorities.

When Harding was asked Tuesday night about rumors her husband was involved in
the attack, she replied: ''I can't believe it. I mean, why does someone want to
discredit me? I just don't understand.''


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: Reports said yesterday that the husband and bodyguard of Tonya
Harding conspired to take Nancy Kerrigan out of the U.S. national championships.

Photo: Nancy Kerrigan

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            November 2, 2009 Monday

For U.S., terrorists may be thinking small;
Recently foiled plots point to switch from the spectacular to the doable

BYLINE: David Johnston and Eric Schmitt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 689 words

DATELINE: Washington

ABSTRACT

American intelligence officials are increasingly concerned that extremist groups
in Pakistan linked to Al Qaeda are planning operations that are harder to detect
but more likely to succeed.

FULL TEXT

After disrupting two recent terrorism plots, American intelligence officials are
increasingly concerned that extremist groups in Pakistan linked to Al Qaeda are
planning smaller operations in the United States that are harder to detect but
more likely to succeed than the spectacular attacks they once emphasized, senior
counterterrorism officials say.

The two cases - one involving two Chicago men accused this week of planning an
attack on a Danish newspaper that published cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad,
the other a 24-year-old Denver shuttle bus driver indicted in a plot to use
improvised explosives - are among the most serious in years, the officials said.

In both, the officials said, the main defendants are long-term residents of the
United States with substantial community ties who traveled to Pakistan's tribal
areas, where they apparently trained with extremist groups affiliated with Al
Qaeda.

The authorities have been struck in the Denver and Chicago plots by the central
roles played by men who seemed to have been more security-conscious and better
organized and trained than many of those involved in terrorism cases brought
since 2001, including a surge of arrests in recent weeks. A number of those
arrested were young men inflamed with militant zeal but few skills to carry out
an attack.

Some officials said that while the Chicago and Denver cases stood out from
lower-level terrorism prosecutions in the United States, it was not new for
would-be terrorists to travel to Pakistan and other training grounds and return
home to engage in militant activity. They said the activities of Najibullah
Zazi, the Denver man, closely resembled the methodology of the Madrid train
bombings in 2004 and the London Underground bombings in 2005.

A case last year suggests that young men from the United States are also finding
their way to Pakistan to fight American forces. Bryant Neal Vinas, 26, grew up
on Long Island in New York and worked as a truck driver for the Long Island Rail
Road, a commuter line that runs into New York City, before going to Pakistan. He
made contact with a Qaeda group and took part in a rocket attack on an American
base in Afghanistan before being captured in Pakistan and brought back to the
United States last November. Since then, Mr. Vinas has cooperated with the
authorities, helping to identify other extremists who trained for operations in
the West.

The model of young men who have lived for years in the United States before
traveling overseas and connecting with militant Islamist groups is not confined
to Pakistan. In October 2008, for example, a Somali-American teenager from
Minneapolis carried out a suicide bombing in northern Somalia.

Government counterterrorism analysts said it was significant that the Chicago
and Denver cases involved plots that seemed less ambitious than the World Trade
Center and Pentagon attacks or suspected plots of the past, like those aimed at
Los Angeles International Airport or the Sears Tower in Chicago.

Western intelligence officials believed that Al Qaeda's leadership concentrated
on spectacular, mass-casualty attacks to build its credibility in the Islamic
world. American analysts said the difficulty of carrying out such grandiose
plots offered a measure of protection to the United States.

J. Patrick Rowan, a former top lawyer in the Justice Department's national
security division, said the recent cases could mean shifting away from
large-scale plots. ''There has always been a view that Al Qaeda wants to
duplicate or do something even more substantial than 9/11,'' Mr. Rowan said.

''The hypothesis has been that they have focused their resources on carrying out
a spectacular attack and decided not to pursue lesser plots,'' he said. ''These
cases would seem to undercut that hypothesis and suggest they might be
rethinking their strategy, which is obviously worrisome because smaller
operations may be harder to detect and stop.''

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            November 2, 2009 Monday

For U.S., terrorists may be thinking small;
Recently foiled plots point to switch from the spectacular to the doable

BYLINE: David Johnston and Eric Schmitt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 689 words

DATELINE: Washington

ABSTRACT

American intelligence officials are increasingly concerned that extremist groups
in Pakistan linked to Al Qaeda are planning operations that are harder to detect
but more likely to succeed.

FULL TEXT

After disrupting two recent terrorism plots, American intelligence officials are
increasingly concerned that extremist groups in Pakistan linked to Al Qaeda are
planning smaller operations in the United States that are harder to detect but
more likely to succeed than the spectacular attacks they once emphasized, senior
counterterrorism officials say.

The two cases - one involving two Chicago men accused this week of planning an
attack on a Danish newspaper that published cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad,
the other a 24-year-old Denver shuttle bus driver indicted in a plot to use
improvised explosives - are among the most serious in years, the officials said.

In both, the officials said, the main defendants are long-term residents of the
United States with substantial community ties who traveled to Pakistan's tribal
areas, where they apparently trained with extremist groups affiliated with Al
Qaeda.

The authorities have been struck in the Denver and Chicago plots by the central
roles played by men who seemed to have been more security-conscious and better
organized and trained than many of those involved in terrorism cases brought
since 2001, including a surge of arrests in recent weeks. A number of those
arrested were young men inflamed with militant zeal but few skills to carry out
an attack.

Some officials said that while the Chicago and Denver cases stood out from
lower-level terrorism prosecutions in the United States, it was not new for
would-be terrorists to travel to Pakistan and other training grounds and return
home to engage in militant activity. They said the activities of Najibullah
Zazi, the Denver man, closely resembled the methodology of the Madrid train
bombings in 2004 and the London Underground bombings in 2005.

A case last year suggests that young men from the United States are also finding
their way to Pakistan to fight American forces. Bryant Neal Vinas, 26, grew up
on Long Island in New York and worked as a truck driver for the Long Island Rail
Road, a commuter line that runs into New York City, before going to Pakistan. He
made contact with a Qaeda group and took part in a rocket attack on an American
base in Afghanistan before being captured in Pakistan and brought back to the
United States last November. Since then, Mr. Vinas has cooperated with the
authorities, helping to identify other extremists who trained for operations in
the West.

The model of young men who have lived for years in the United States before
traveling overseas and connecting with militant Islamist groups is not confined
to Pakistan. In October 2008, for example, a Somali-American teenager from
Minneapolis carried out a suicide bombing in northern Somalia.

Government counterterrorism analysts said it was significant that the Chicago
and Denver cases involved plots that seemed less ambitious than the World Trade
Center and Pentagon attacks or suspected plots of the past, like those aimed at
Los Angeles International Airport or the Sears Tower in Chicago.

Western intelligence officials believed that Al Qaeda's leadership concentrated
on spectacular, mass-casualty attacks to build its credibility in the Islamic
world. American analysts said the difficulty of carrying out such grandiose
plots offered a measure of protection to the United States.

J. Patrick Rowan, a former top lawyer in the Justice Department's national
security division, said the recent cases could mean shifting away from
large-scale plots. ''There has always been a view that Al Qaeda wants to
duplicate or do something even more substantial than 9/11,'' Mr. Rowan said.

''The hypothesis has been that they have focused their resources on carrying out
a spectacular attack and decided not to pursue lesser plots,'' he said. ''These
cases would seem to undercut that hypothesis and suggest they might be
rethinking their strategy, which is obviously worrisome because smaller
operations may be harder to detect and stop.''

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Pakistani man guilty in failed New York City bomb plot

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 553 words

New York

Pakistani man guilty in failed bomb plot

A Pakistani man was found guilty Wednesday in a failed al-Qaeda bomb plot after
a New York trial that featured spies in disguise and evidence from the raid on
Osama bin Laden's compound.

Abid Naseer, 28, was arrested in 2009 in Britain on charges he was part of a
terror cell plotting to blow up a shopping mall in Manchester, England. The
charges were dropped after a British court found there wasn't enough evidence,
but U.S. prosecutors later named him in an indictment alleging a broader
conspiracy that included a failed plot to attack the New York City subway. He
was arrested again and extradited to the United States in 2013.

Naseer acted as his own lawyer, often referring to himself in the third person
and portraying himself as a moderate Muslim who was falsely accused.

Five British MI5 secret agents testified wearing disguises - one wore a fake
beard and thick black glasses - and the trial marked the first time documents
recovered in the 2011 Navy SEAL raid against bin Laden's compound were used as
trial evidence.

- Associated Press

UTAH

Mormon Church backs LGBT bill

Utah lawmakers introduced a landmark bill Wednesday that would bar
discrimination against gay and transgender individuals while protecting the
rights of religious groups and individuals.

The measure has a rare stamp of approval from the Mormon Church and stands a
high chance of passing in Utah, where the church is based and many state
lawmakers and the Republican governor are members.

Members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints joined LGBT rights
activists, bipartisan lawmakers and Utah's Republican lieutenant governor in
unveiling the bill at a news conference.

The proposal would prohibit discrimination based on gender identity and sexual
orientation when it comes to housing or employment. Religious organizations
would be exempt from the requirement, as would Boy Scouts of America, which has
a ban on gay adult Scout leaders.

- Associated Press

CALIFORNIA

Man killed by police was to be deported

U.S. authorities had tried to deport a homeless man fatally shot by police this
week in Los Angeles but had to release him after authorities in his native
Cameroon failed to provide a travel document, a U.S. immigration official said
Wednesday.

The man, known by his street name "Africa," was killed by police Sunday in a
videotaped encounter on Los Angeles's skid row in which police said he grabbed
for an officer's holstered gun as police tried to arrest him as a robbery
suspect.

Convicted of armed bank robbery and other charges in 2000, the man had been
ordered deported from the United States in 2013 while still in federal prison,
according to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokeswoman Virginia Kice.

But less than a year before the fatal shooting, he was released because
authorities could not obtain a Cameroonian travel document for him.

A 2013 Supreme Court order limits the amount of time a person ordered removed
can be held awaiting deportation.

Immigration officials initially sought a travel document from France because the
man claimed French citizenship, but French officials informed them he was a
Cameroon national, Kice said.

The French Consulate in Los Angeles confirmed that the man stole a Frenchman's
identity and was not a French citizen.

- Reuters

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 10, 2013 Friday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Minnesota gets closer to gay marriage; Tunisian man is charged in terrorism plot

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 720 words

minnesota

Vote puts state closer to gay marriage

A pivotal vote Thursday in the Minnesota House positioned that state to become
the 12th in the country to allow same-sex marriages and the first in the Midwest
to pass such a law out of its legislature.

The 75 to 59 vote was a critical step for the measure, which would allow
same-sex weddings beginning this summer. It's a startling shift in the state,
where just six months earlier voters turned back an effort to ban them in the
Minnesota Constitution. The state Senate plans to consider the bill Monday, and
leaders expect it to pass there, too. Gov. Mark Dayton (D) has pledged to sign
it into law.

Four of the House's 61 Republicans voted for the bill, while two of its 73
Democrats voted against it.

- Associated Press

national security

Tunisian man is charged in terror plot

A Tunisian man accused of radicalizing a Canadian resident charged in a plot to
derail a train has been charged with trying to stay in the United States
illegally to build a terrorism cell for international acts of terrorism, such as
poisoning a water system with bacteria, authorities said Thursday.

Law enforcement authorities had watched Ahmed Abassi since he arrived in the
United States from Canada in mid-March and arrested him April 22 at John F.
Kennedy International Airport, authorities said. Abassi met regularly with an
undercover FBI agent and met with another Tunisian citizen who was later
arrested in Canada in the plot to derail the train, they said.

Prosecutors, in a letter submitted to a U.S. District Court judge in Manhattan,
said Abassi had radicalized Chiheb Esseghaier, who is charged in Toronto with
conspiring with al-Qaeda members in Iran to derail a train that runs between New
York City and Montreal.

- Associated Press

military

3 officers relieved of duty after deadly accident

Three U.S. Marine Corps officers have been relieved of command after an
explosion during a training exercise at a Nevada munitions depot in March killed
seven fellow Marines, a military spokesman said Thursday.

The officers will be reassigned to new duties and do not face any allegations of
criminal wrongdoing, said 1st Lt. Oliver David, a public affairs officer at Camp
Lejeune, N.C., where the men are based.

The blast at the Hawthorne Army Depot in western Nevada was among the deadliest
military training accidents on U.S. soil in recent years.

The three officers removed from their duties are Lt. Col. Andrew McNulty, Capt.
Kelby Breivogel and Chief Warrant Officer 3 Douglas Derring.

- Reuters

montana

Deal is reached in university probe

Federal officials reached agreements with the University of Montana in Missoula
after a year-long investigation into mishandled sexual assault reports on campus
that require the university to revise policies and adequately respond to
allegations, federal officials said Thursday.

Investigators heard from women who were assaulted then unfairly belittled,
disbelieved or blamed for speaking up about what was done to them, said Justice
Department Deputy Assistant Attorney General Roy Austin Jr.

The investigation began after 11 assaults involving university students were
reported in an 18-month period.

- Associated Press

Diesel truck accident shuts I-81: A section of Interstate 81 near Harrisburg,
Pa., was expected to remain closed in both directions for the next several days
after a tanker truck fully loaded with diesel fuel overturned Thursday morning
and exploded into flames, sending black smoke billowing into the sky. Officials
said the crash occurred on an on-ramp to Route 22-322. Police said the driver of
the truck was treated at a hospital for minor injuries.

Wash. state courts computers hacked: The Washington state Administrative Office
of the Courts was hacked in February, and up to 160,000 Social Security numbers
and 1 million driver license numbers might have been accessed during the data
breach of its public Web site, officials said Thursday.

Arias sentencing postponed: The next phase of the Jodi Arias murder trial was
postponed Thursday. The trial will resume Wednesday. The Phoenix jury was
scheduled to return to the courtroom to decide whether Arias should be eligible
for the death penalty for killing her one-time boyfriend, Travis Alexander, on
June 4, 2008. The jury convicted Arias on Wednesday of first-degree murder.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Minnesota)
Issues Solicitation for "Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) Data Collection
Services, Mid-Atlantic Urban Plots"

LENGTH: 216  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Forest Service officer has issued
requirement for "Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) Data Collection Services,
Mid-Atlantic Urban Plots"

Solicitation No: AG-3604-S-17-0009

Notice Type: Solicitation
Posted Date: January 26, 2017

Description: The USDA Forest Service, Northern Research Station intends to
initiate a Request for Proposal (RFP) procurement action and award a negotiated,
Firm-Fixed Price incentive contract for an annual forest inventory data
collection effort in urban areas of Philadelphia, PA, Baltimore, MD, Dover, DE
and NJ (most likely Trenton). The Contractor shall provide inventory data to the
USDA Forest Service, Northern Research Station's Forest Inventory and Analysis
(FIA) Unit. This data will be collected from predetermined urban forest
inventory plots randomly located across the urban areas of Philadelphia, PA,
Baltimore, MD, Dover, DE, and NJ. The protocols for this effort, including the
inventory plot design, are outlined and described in the following Field Guides:



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 115

Contact Details: 1992 Folwell Avenue - Acquisition Management St. Paul,
Minnesota 55108

Point of Contact(s): Maria T. Evans, Contract Specialist mtevans@fs.fed.us
Phone: 610-557-4237; 610-557-4040


LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture (Minnesota)
Issues Solicitation for "Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) Data Collection
Services, Mid-Atlantic Urban Plots"

LENGTH: 216  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Agriculture, Forest Service officer has issued
requirement for "Forest Inventory and Analysis (FIA) Data Collection Services,
Mid-Atlantic Urban Plots"

Solicitation No: AG-3604-S-17-0009

Notice Type: Presolicitation
Posted Date: December 19, 2016

Description: The USDA Forest Service, Northern Research Station intends to
initiate a Request for Proposal (RFP) procurement action and award a negotiated,
Firm-Fixed Price incentive contract for an annual forest inventory data
collection effort in urban areas of Philadelphia, PA, Baltimore, MD, Dover, DE
and NJ (most likely Trenton). The Contractor shall provide inventory data to the
USDA Forest Service, Northern Research Station's Forest Inventory and Analysis
(FIA) Unit. This data will be collected from predetermined urban forest
inventory plots randomly located across the urban areas of Philadelphia, PA,
Baltimore, MD, Dover, DE, and NJ. The protocols for this effort, including the
inventory plot design, are outlined and described in the following Field Guides:



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 115

Contact Details: 1992 Folwell Avenue - Acquisition Management St. Paul,
Minnesota 55108

Point of Contact(s): Maria T. Evans, Contract Specialist mtevans@fs.fed.us
Phone: 610-557-4237; 610-557-4040


LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                 July 24, 1993, Saturday, INTERNATIONAL EDITION

More arrests in New York terror plot

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 341 words


The FBI tracked down a man wanted in connection with an alleged plot to blow up
the United Nations building and busy New York City commuter tunnels. Agents
arrested the Egyptian man in southern New Jersey. Another Egyptian was jailed
for allegedly harboring the wanted man. Matarawi Mohammed Saleh, 44, also known
as Wahid, was arrested in North Wildwood. Ashraf Mohammed, 31, was arrested for
allegedly harboring Saleh. Also: A U.S. plan to offer up to $ 2 million for
information about a missing suspect in the World Trade Center bombing has been
stymied by a dispute over which agency should put up the money. Unidentified
officials told The New York Times the dispute between the State Department and
the FBI may have cost the U.S. a chance to catch the suspect, Ramzi Ahmed
Yousef, before he fled to Iraq soon after the Feb. 26 bombing. He is the subject
of an international manhunt. By Keith Srakocic, AP

ALASKA LAWSUIT: Saying lucrative development has been precluded protected
federal lands in his state, Alaska Gov. Walter Hickel announced a $ 29 billion
lawsuit against the U.S. government. The lawsuit seeks compensation for what
Hickel said were promises broken after Alaska became a state in 1959 - pledges
that 90% of the royalties from oil drilling, mining and other resource
extraction on federal lands would be pumped into the state treasury.

ALSO . . .

SHIPPING FINE: The owner of a Chinese freighter was slapped a $ 1 million fine
in Washington state's largest penalty related to an oil spill. The fine was
issued to China Ocean Shipping Co. which was found to have been responsible for
a 1991 collision with a Japanese vessel.

DEATHS . . .

WASHINGTON: Gen. Roscoe Robinson Jr., the first black to become a four-star Army
general and the second black four-star general in the military, died at age 64.

LOS ANGELES: James Andrew "Scott" Salmon, an acclaimed choreographer, was killed
in an automobile accident. He was 50. Salmon was nominated for a Tony Award in
1988 for Broadway hit, La Cage Au Folles.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Nationline

FROM USA TODAY'S NATIONAL NEWS NETWORK

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            April 20, 2013 Saturday

Garden plots for rent at fairgrounds

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 90 words


The Burleigh County Extension Office has community garden plots available for
rent at the Missouri Valley Complex (old fairgrounds), 3715 E. Bismarck
Expressway.

There are 126 garden plots measuring 20 feet by 20 feet available for $25 per
plot. Plots are available on a first-come, first-served basis and gardeners
supply their own gardening equipment and hoses. Water is available.

If you are interested in renting a garden plot, stop by or contact the NDSU
Extension Burleigh County office at the Missouri Valley Complex or call
701-221-6865.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2013 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           October 12, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

U.S. says Iran backed plot to kill Saudi ambassador; Two Iranians accused;
Tehran denies charge

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 278  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON/NEW YORK


The United States accused Iran Tuesday of backing a plot to kill the Saudi
ambassador to Washington, escalating tensions with Tehran and stirring up a
hornet's nest in the Gulf, where Saudi Arabia and Iran have long jostled for
power.

U.S. authorities said they had broken up a plot by two men linked to the Iranian
government to assassinate Saudi Ambassador Adel al-Jubeir. One was arrested last
month while the other was believed to be in Iran.

Iran denied the charges. Saudi Arabia called the plot "a despicable violation of
international norms, standards and conventions."

Revelation of the alleged plot, and the apparent direct ties to the Tehran
government, had the potential to further inflame tensions in the Middle East.

U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called the plot a "blatant violation" of
international norms. She expressed hope that countries that have hesitated to
enforce existing sanctions on Iran would now do so.

FBI director Robert Mueller told reporters the convoluted plot, involving drug
cartels in Mexico, big payments of money and an attempt to kill the ambassador
in a Washington restaurant, could have been material for a Hollywood movie.

U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder pointed to the Islamic Revolutionary Guard
Corps, which is the guardian of Iran's 32-yearold revolution, and the Quds
force, its covert arm.

U.S. officials identified the two alleged plotters as Gholam Shakuri, who is a
member of the Quds force, and Manssor Arbabsiar, who was arrested on Sept.

29 when he arrived at John F. Kennedy International Airport from Mexico.

Arbabsiar, 56, a naturalized U.S. citizen, made a brief appearance in a
Manhattan courtroom on Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Shaun Heasley, Reuters; Saudi Ambassador Adel al-Jubeir was the alleged
target.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2011 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 20, 2008 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Want to invest in American property?;
Bargain-priced plots generating interest

SECTION: PROPERTY; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 746 words


Group 3 Properties' launch of 84 bargain-priced US plots on September 10 has
generated a great deal of interest among South African investors, with buyers
booking 37 units within days, according to the company's Chris Tapsell, who has
partnered with an American property developer to offer these plots to South
Africans.

Tapsell says published articles about the plots have resulted in "a phenomenal
number of calls" from people intrigued by the low prices, which start from $8
000 (about R59 000). Most of the properties, averaging about 930m², are priced
at $12 000 (about R85 000) each.

"Several callers could not believe that we are offering the plots at these
prices and asked, 'What's the catch?' There is no catch: this is a genuine
opportunity to invest in the American property market at an affordable price,
and we can back it up with erf numbers and copies of title deeds," he says.

"We can also pinpoint the exact location and show digital photographs of each
plot to prospective buyers via Google Earth on a widescreen television at our
Tyger Valley offices. Alternatively, we can provide Google Earth subscribers
with the information required to locate the plots on their home computers,
enabling them to see and measure the actual distance to the beach (about 9.5km),
as well as the nearest convenience shopping centres, golf courses and other
facilities in the area."

Tapsell says the plots are available at these special prices simply because Jeff
Ricketts, a long-established developer in Tampa Bay, Florida, bought this parcel
of land from a bankrupt entity, and the municipality has provided subsidies
during the American economic downturn to encourage more rapid development of the
town of North Port, just outside popular city of Tampa Bay.

"The plots we are offering are currently assessed at about $37 000 each. The
cheapest plot being offered by estate agents in North Port at present is $21 000
- about R174 000 at the current rate of exchange."

Tapsell has been involved in property in South Africa for several years and his
developments include four apartment blocks at the upmarket Tyger Valley
Waterfront in Cape Town. He established a business relationship with Ricketts
during his recent four-month visit to America. Since then Group 3 Properties has
sold a number of luxury apartments in two Tampa Bay developments that Ricketts
has built.

Both companies have focused on this area because Tampa Bay has a thriving
economy, and has become the technical and financial hub of America's
southeastern region. In addition, its proximity to Disney World, Sea World,
Universal Studios and other tourist attractions, together with its
all-year-round summer season and sandy, white beaches have made it a popular
destination for millions of visitors each year.

Tapsell says Group 3 Properties has turned some of its attention to the US
market while there is a temporary lull in South Africa, because the company is
finding exceptional value in America at present. He believes that with the
dollar likely to strengthen against the rand - the rate of exchange has already
risen from R7.60 to R8.26 to the dollar during the past week - the plots
represent a good rand hedge for South African investors.

His view is that the property market in America, which has been depressed for
several years, is now bottoming out and should start to appreciate.

"The stock markets rose recently when the American government bailed out two of
the country's biggest mortgage lenders, Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae, putting
liquidity back into the US market. Once the elections are completed, and if the
anticipated withdrawal of troops from Iraq, which costs American taxpayers
billions of dollars a day, goes ahead, I believe there will be more stability
and a swing back to a positive outlook in the America economy."

Tapsell says South Africans who have already bought US plots from his company
range from middle-income earners, such as teachers, to wealthy property
investors.

"Buyers say they want to purchase these plots because it's an inexpensive way to
enter the property market in a first-world country, and they also like the fact
that the rates and taxes are low: about $350 a year," he says. "Most are looking
at holding their plots for three to five years - there is no time limit within
which buyers have to build - and then selling their assets and bringing the
money back to South Africa."

For more information, contact Chris Louwrens of Group 3 Properties on 083 287
5627.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              March 2, 2008 Sunday

Short Subjects Garden plots Spinal disabilities

BYLINE: Sunday News Staff

SECTION: G; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 248  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


The Lancaster County Department of Parks and Recreation has garden plots
available for rent from April 15 through Oct. 15; applications will be accepted
beginning Monday, March 3.

Lancaster County residents can select either a 20-by-20-foot plot ($18) or a
20-by-40-foot plot ($23) at Farm View Drive off of Golf Road in Lancaster County
Central Park.

Gardeners of all skill levels are welcome to grow their own flowers and
vegetables. Organic plots, free of pesticides and herbicides for more than three
years, are also available.

Garden workshops will be conducted by the parks department and Penn State
Cooperative Extension's Master Gardeners program.

There is a $1 fee per workshop session; those who rent one of the garden plots
may attend free of charge.

Preregistration is required to attend the workshops.

For details on the workshops, including times and dates, as well as the garden
plots, call the park office, 299-8215.

United Spinal Association, headquartered in Jackson Heights, N.Y., is offering a
new publication, "What Is SCI/D?" This three-page online pamphlet is a general
introduction to spinal-cord injury, as well as other disorders and diseases that
affect the spinal cord.

General information about amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, more commonly referred
to as ALS; multiple sclerosis or MS; post-polio; spina bifida; transverse
myelitis and syringomyelia is also included.

To download a copy of "What Is SCI/D?" please go to
http://www.unitedspinal.org/pdf/what_is_scid.pdf.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: SHORT SUBJECTS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      February 17, 2014 Monday 6:57 PM GMT

UK bomb plotter may give evidence

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 704 words


US federal prosecutors want a man convicted in a failed 2001 shoe bomb plot to
bring down an aircraft to testify at the sentencing of two British citizens who
pleaded guilty in Connecticut to supporting terrorists through websites.

The testimony reflects an effort by prosecutors to show that Babar Ahmad, one of
the two men facing sentencing in Connecticut, had an active role in sending
recruits to terrorism training camps beyond appealing for support on the
websites.

Prosecutors say the witness is expected to testify that Ahmad sent him to
Afghanistan to train for violent jihad and that he ultimately moved on from
Ahmad and came under the mentorship and training of al Qaida members who
prepared him for the shoe bomb plot.

The man also is expected to testify that he saw nearly two dozen others that
Ahmad sent from the United Kingdom to train in Afghanistan, and he would
describe camping trips and training exercises that Ahmad organised in England to
groom recruits for violent jihad abroad, prosecutors said.

"Ahmad's conduct went beyond cyberspace and included real world effects and
consequences flowing from the criminal activity, regardless of the media used to
plan, co-ordinate and execute some of the conduct," prosecutors wrote in court
papers, citing his efforts to send people to Afghanistan to train for violent
jihad and emails discussing night vision goggles and safe routes into
Afghanistan.

Ahmad's lawyers say they'll respond in court objecting to the request to have
the man testify by a videotaped deposition.

Prosecutors didn't name the man they want to testify, but his description
matches that of Saajid Badat, a British citizen whose videotaped testimony was
shown at the 2012 New York City trial of a man convicted in a foiled plot to
attack the New York City subway system in 2009. A spokesman for the prosecutors
declined to comment to on the witness's identity.

Badat was convicted in London in a plot to down an American Airlines flight from
Paris to Miami with explosives hidden in his shoes. He said at that trial that
he refused a request to testify in person in the US because he remains under
indictment in Boston on charges he conspired with failed shoe bomber Richard
Reid and has been told he'd be arrested if he set foot in the United States.

Prosecutors said the man they want to testify at Ahmad's sentencing had
testified by videotape at the trial for the foiled subway plot, was indicted in
Massachusetts on charges related to the shoe bomb plot, refuses to testify in
the US and expects to be arrested upon arrival in the country.

Reid was caught aboard a plane with explosives; Badat backed out.

Badat was sentenced to 13 years in prison. But British authorities later said
that in 2009, a judge secretly reduced his sentence to 11 years to reward him
for his co-operation in terror investigations.

Ahmad and Syed Talha Ahsan pleaded guilty in December to terrorism charges.
Ahmad admitted he sought recruits, cash and equipment such as gas masks for the
Taliban regime in Afghanistan through the websites.

The two men, who were living in Britain at the time, faced charges in
Connecticut because authorities said they used an internet service provider in
the state to run one of the websites.

A prosecutor said Ahsan traveled to Afghanistan with Ahmad's assistance to fight
and attend a training camp run by al-Qaida, but Ahsan didn't admit that.

The co-operating witness, believed to be Badat, is expected to testify that
Ahmad originally recruited and radicalised him before sending him to the camp in
Afghanistan. He said he took an explosives training class with Ahsan and stayed
at a safe house in Kandahar in January 2001 during which Osama bin Laden visited
the location multiple times, prosecutors said.

Prosecutors acknowledge that Ahmad and Ashan will dispute his testimony.

"Accordingly, it is important for the court to hear from the witness to make its
own assessment, to understand the full scope and nature of the defendants'
conduct supporting terrorists, and ultimately, to resolve significant
anticipated factual disputes in connection with sentencing," prosecutors wrote.

Ahmad faces up to 25 years in prison and Ahsan faces up to 15 when they are
sentenced in July.

AP

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           September 21, 2009 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

FEDS UNSURE IF THEY KO'D PLOT

BYLINE: BY JAMES GORDON MEEK in Washington and ROCCO PARASCANDOLA and ALISON
GENDAR DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 708 words


FEDERAL AGENTS from Denver and New York to Pakistan are still racing to solve an
Al Qaeda bomb plot, unsure whether the arrest of three suspects has put the
terror gang out of business.

"They're still looking," a senior counterterror official told the Daily News. As
to whether they have identified all the conspirators, "nobody knows the answer
for sure," the official said.

FBI arrest documents showed prime suspect Najibullah Zazi, 25, an Afghan,
visited the city from Colorado on the 9/11 anniversary carrying a laptop with
bomb-making notes he wrote. Specific attack plans or targets remain unknown, a
Justice Department statement said.

Zazi was collared in Aurora, Colo., near Denver, by the FBI on Saturday night
and was charged with lying about the bomb notes. He'll likely soon be slapped
with tougher terrorism charges, sources said.

Also nabbed for lying to feds was Flushing mosque Imam Ahmad Wais Afzali, 37, an
NYPD snitch who the FBI says alerted Zazi and his father, Mohammed, 53, after
cops quizzed him about the son.

The senior official said the feds believe the plot is now "compromised" and
would be "hard to bring forward."

"We think we have a pretty good handle on the threat, but we'd know a lot more
if Afzali hadn't tipped them in the beginning," another insider said.

The source added that court papers released yesterday reveal only a "sliver" of
the conspiracy.

"The FBI is investigating several individuals in the U.S., Pakistan and
elsewhere, relating to a plot to detonate improvised explosive devices in the
U.S.," the Justice Department said.

The Zazis will appear in court today in Denver as Afzali comes before a federal
judge in Brooklyn.

The FBI said Zazi admitted last week that Osama Bin Laden's goons trained him in
"weapons and explosives" last year at an Al Qaeda camp in Pakistan's war-torn
Pashtun tribal areas, prosecutors say.

The case erupted last week when New York-based agents raided several Queens
apartments that Zazi visited on the eve of the 9/11 anniversary after driving
all night from Colorado. He flew back Sept. 12.

The FBI found an electronic "black scale" and batteries in the flat with Zazi's
fingerprints. Scales can be used to measure chemicals for hydrogen
peroxide-based explosives, which the feds suspect was the purpose.

On a laptop in Zazi's impounded rental car, the NYPD found photographic copies
of handwritten notes on making bomb fuses, U.S. officials disclosed.

Zazi, a Pashtun, used an e-mail address to send the images to himself under the
alias "Kado Khan" - an 18th-century Afghan executed for plotting to kill a
Pashtun tribal king.

Just before Zazi's New York trip, the FBI got a flurry of secret foreign
intelligence warrants approved to wiretap calls, a source said.

Police sources said probers still have up to eight suspects in New York and
several in Denver under watch in what Assistant Attorney General David Kris
called "an ongoing and fast-paced investigation" of the first Al Qaeda cell
uncovered in the U.S. since 9/11.

The FBI and NYPD grew alarmed that Zazi and his pals might be planning an
imminent attack when they found backpacks and cell phones in an apartment. They
also learned Afzali and other Zazi associates tried to rent a 26-foot U-Haul
truck the day before Zazi got to Queens.

The feds still don't know whether the chosen weapon was a truck bomb or backpack
bombs.

Zazi has repeatedly denied being a terrorist. The court documents confirm that
he offered to admit to the feds that he visited the Al Qaeda camps, as first
reported by The News on Friday.

Al Qaeda has long sought operatives with "clean" passports who can travel easily
into the U.S., as Zazi did for years after visiting Pakistan. His most recent
trip was in January, the FBI said.

GRAPHIC: KEY REVELATIONS

According to FBI documents:

Najibullah Zazi admitted getting "weapons and explosives" training by Al Qaeda
in Pakistan's tribal areas a year ago.

The feds fear improvised explosive devices were, or are, in the making.

Zazi wrote notes on making explosives, which he photographed and e-mailed to
himself in December.

He allegedly lied about the notes to the FBI.

His fingerprints were on a "black scale" found in a Queens apartment, which
could be used to measure out explosives.

jmeek@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC;INFOGRAPHIC, Mohammed (above) and son Najibullah (inset) Zazi
are arrested by FBI in Aurora, Colo., Saturday night after probe that also
touched Flushing, Queens. Photos by AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Daily News, L.P.


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     January 19, 2017 Thursday 9:00 AM GMT

Details of plot to murder archbishop Óscar Romero revealed in new book;
Matt Eisenbrandt's Assassination of a Saint details the plot to murder the El
Salvadorian archbishop that sparked a civil war and offers an explanation

BYLINE: Nina Lakhani

SECTION: WORLD NEWS

LENGTH: 695 words


The assassination of the archbishop Óscar Romero as he celebrated mass in March
1980 remains one of the most notorious political murders of the 20th century.
The murder plunged El Salvador into a full-blown civil war which eventually left
80,000 dead and 8,000 disappeared.

Romero is still one of Latin America's most revered figures; his canonization -
the final step to sainthood - is imminent. But almost four decades after his
murder, the killers remain free.

Related:  Civil war still a bitter memory as El Salvador prepares to beatify
Romero

A new book detailing the plot to murder the archbishop casts a spotlight on that
impunity, unveiling previously unreported details of the conspiracy to kill
Romero and offers an explanation: a refusal by El Salvador's authorities and
politicians to take on the country's powerful elites.

"There are clear [evidential] threads on who gave the original order and who
paid for the murder that any concerted investigation in El Salvador would
absolutely be able to gather enough evidence to prosecute those involved," said
author Matt Eisenbrandt.

Assassination of a Saint is the first book to detail the plot to kill Romero and
probe the roles played by the wealthy business owners, politicians and military
death squad commanders who felt threatened by the archbishop's outspoken
criticism of the country's military dictatorship.

Eisenbrandt was part of a team of crusading human rights lawyers from the San
Francisco-based Centre for Justice and Accountability (CJA) who used an obscure
American law, the Alien Torts Act, to successfully bring a civil case against
one of the conspirators in Fresno, California, in 2004.

Former air force captain Álvaro Saravia admitted to participating in the plot,
and remains the only person held responsible for Romero's murder in a court of
law.

Saravia remains at large, but Eisenbrandt's book includes interviews with other
witnesses and accomplices of the crime, as well as previously unknown
information from the investigation which led to the 2004 lawsuit, including
details of the network of supporters who bankrolled the massacre of civilians
considered communist subversives.

That included the Miami-based Salvadoran businessmen who funneled money to the
death squads operated by Roberto D'Aubission - founder of the Arena party and
named by the Fresno court as the "mastermind" of the Romero assassination.

One of the book's most gripping sections is the testimony of a mole from a
leftwing guerrilla group who during the 1980s worked at the Arena party
headquarters. The rebel spy obtained access to a list of prominent financial
donors funding death squads and also saw a "blacklist" of union leaders,
teachers and others who were later killed. "Many of the top [party] leaders
spoke with great pride about the activities of the death squads," she said.

The infiltrator is one of several witnesses not named for fear of reprisals.

"Romero was allegedly murdered for $200 and life is still cheap in El Salvador;
Romero's murder remains a dangerous topic," said Eisenbrandt.

This month marks 25 years since peace accords which brought an end to the
12-year civil war, but the deal failed to bring peace to El Salvador. A 1993
amnesty law guaranteed impunity for perpetrators, and enabled the criminal
networks formed by business, military and political elites to remain intact.

Related:  Central America's rampant violence fuels an invisible refugee crisis

Last year the supreme court declared the amnesty law unconstitutional but no one
has ever been arrested for Romero's murder - or for any other war crime.
Meanwhile death squads have reportedly re-emerged in recent years, contributing
to murder rates which have made El Salvador one of the world's most dangerous
countries.

Blame can no longer be laid solely at Arena's door. The ruling FMLN - founded by
former leftwing guerrillas - has shown no interest in prosecuting the case since
winning power in 2009.

"We have to assume that for political reasons the FMLN also doesn't want anyone
to delve into questions that might go to the very foundations of Salvadoran
society," said Eisenbrandt.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2017 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 7, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

'High-value' detainees among transfers to Gitmo

BYLINE: Richard Willing

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 1201 words


Prisoners the Bush administration has slated for trial by military tribunal at
Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, include three al-Qaeda operatives the CIA lists as
"high-value terrorist detainees."

Until recently, they had been held at undisclosed locations after being captured
by U.S. or Pakistani forces in 2002 or 2003.

They include:

Abu Zubaydah

Key allegations against him: Organized aborted "millennium" bomb plots in Jordan
and Los Angeles in late 1999. Helped move al-Qaeda operatives in Sudan, Iran and
Afghanistan.

Nationality: Palestinian; grew up in Saudi Arabia

Captured: In Faisalabad, Pakistan, after a gunfight with CIA and Pakistani
forces, March 2002

His story: In a biography released Wednesday, the CIA said Zubaydah is an
al-Qaeda operative who specialized in forging documents and tapping a network of
donors in Kuwait, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.

In November 2001, Zubaydah allegedly helped move terror leader Abu Musab
al-Zarqawi and 70 Arab fighters from Afghanistan to Iran. Later, al-Zarqawi and
his fighters formed the backbone of al-Qaeda's insurgency against the U.S.
military in Iraq. Al-Zarqawi was killed there in June. In the mid-1990s,
Zubaydah sent graduates of al-Qaeda's camps in Afghanistan to fight with Muslims
in Bosnia and Chechnya. He later allegedly conducted explosives training at a
camp where several Westerners were taught, including convicted 9/11 conspirator
Zacarias Moussaoui. Zubaydah allegedly trained Ahmad Ressam, who was convicted
in the failed millennium plot that targeted Los Angeles International Airport.

After Zubaydah resisted interrogation after his capture, the CIA got permission
from the Justice Department to use a "new interrogation program." Zubaydah soon
began providing what the CIA described as "accurate and timely actionable
intelligence." The information helped lead to the capture of alleged 9/11
plotter Ramzi Binalshibh and the disruption of an unspecified plot to attack the
United States.

Khalid Sheikh Mohammed

Key allegation against him: The high-ranking al-Qaeda member is accused of
conceiving the Sept. 11 attacks, recruiting and supervising the hijackers.

Nationality: Born in Pakistan's Baluchistan province near the Iranian border and
grew up in Kuwait

Education: Mechanical engineering degree from North Carolina A&T, 1986

Captured: Pakistan, March 2003

His story: He's the most prominent captive in the war on terrorism. A CIA
biography released Wednesday said Mohammed, known in FBI documents as "KSM," is
"one of history's most infamous terrorists."

After college, Mohammed allegedly joined an Islamic "holy war" against the USA.
He allegedly helped his nephew, Ramzi Yousef, plan to bomb 11 U.S. airliners
over the Pacific Ocean in 1995. The plot ended after liquid bomb material
detonated in a Philippines safe house. Yousef was caught and Mohammed went into
hiding. In August, British officials alleged that KSM's plan -- to smuggle
liquid explosives onto jets -- had been revived by British and Pakistani
terrorists.

In 2000, while allegedly assembling the 9/11 plot from Pakistan, Mohammed helped
form an alliance between al-Qaeda and Jemaah Islamiyah, Southeast Asian Muslim
extremists.

After U.S.-led forces attacked al-Qaeda strongholds in Afghanistan in 2001,
Mohammed allegedly launched plots aimed at the USA that were foiled. These
included a plan to hijack a jet over the Pacific and crash it into a West Coast
skyscraper, and a plot to blow up gas stations and bridges in New York.

Ramzi Binalshibh

Key allegation against him: Hamburg roommate of 9/11 lead hijacker Mohamed Atta,
he allegedly assisted the 9/11 plot from Germany and Yemen and was a key aide to
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the accused mastermind of the attacks on America.
Initially was to have piloted a fourth hijacked jet on 9/11.

Nationality: Yemeni

Captured: Pakistan, September 2002

His story: After his capture, Binalshibh told interrogators about his embrace of
a fundamentalist form of Islam and how he became a key player in the 9/11
attacks, according to a biography released Wednesday by the CIA and the 9/11
Commission report.  While on a student visa in Germany in 1997, he met Atta,
Marwan al-Shehhi and Ziad Jarrah. Those three later would pilot the jets that
hit the World Trade Center and crashed in Shanksville, Pa. Binalshibh told
interrogators he pledged allegiance to Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan in 1999,
and he later went with Atta to meet Mohammed in Pakistan. In the original 9/11
plot, Binalshibh said, he was to have piloted another hijacked jet.

In early 2000, Binalshibh made the first of what would be four unsuccessful
attempts to get a U.S. visa. The CIA biography describes Binalshibh as the
"primary communications intermediary" between the hijackers and Mohammed before
the attacks. He communicated with Atta by e-mail and telephone and met with him
twice in Europe in 2001 for what the CIA called "in-depth briefings" on the
plot's progress. Binalshibh also allegedly helped transfer money to the
hijackers. He left Germany just before the 9/11 attacks and later joined
Mohammed in Karachi.

11 others moved to Guantanamo

Other terror suspects who have been moved to Guantanamo Bay, and the U.S.
government's allegations against them:

*Mustafa Ahmad al-Hawsawi (Saudi Arabia): Key aide to alleged 9/11 mastermind
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed who managed money used to finance the Sept. 11 attacks.

*Hambali (Indonesia): A leader of the Islamic extremist group Jemaah Islamiyah,
he had ties to al-Qaeda and Mohammed. Hambali allegedly helped plan the 2002
bombings in Bali that killed more than 200 people; he also has been linked to
the bombing of the Jakarta Marriott hotel in 2003.

*Majid Khan (Pakistan): Former Baltimore resident was an associate of Mohammed;
he is accused of researching possible attacks on U.S. gas stations and water
reservoirs.

*Lillie (Malaysia): Key aide to Hambali; allegedly helped move al-Qaeda funds to
assist bombing of the Jakarta Marriott. Allegedly slated to be a suicide
operative in an attack on Los Angeles that was never carried out.

*Ali Abd al-Aziz Ali (Kuwait): Lieutenant to Mohammed and a cousin to Ramzi
Yousef, who is serving a life sentence for masterminding the 1993 bombing of the
World Trade Center. Ali, a computer programmer, allegedly helped transfer money
and arrange travel for the 9/11 hijackers.

*Ahmed Khalfan Ghailani (Tanzania): Al-Qaeda operative allegedly specialized in
forging documents and passports.

*Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri (Saudi Arabia): Former al-Qaeda operations chief on the
Arabian Peninsula, he allegedly was the key planner of the bombing of the USS
Cole in Yemen in 2000.

*Abu Faraj al-Libi (Libya): Al-Qaeda leader and paramilitary commander in
Pakistan and Afghanistan with alleged direct ties to Osama bin Laden.

*Zubair (Malaysia): Top aide to Hambali in Jemaah Islamiyah; was allegedly
designated to take part in the canceled attack on Los Angeles.

*Walid Bin Attash (Saudi Arabia): Al-Qaeda operative and former bodyguard to bin
Laden; allegedly supervised some terrorist training in Afghanistan.

*Gouled Hassan Dourad (Somalia): Head of Mogadishu-based terror network that
supported al-Qaeda in Somalia.

Source: Office of the Director of National Intelligence

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W, AP (2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              July 10, 2015 Friday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Feds defused ISIS plots vs. U.S. on Fourth

BYLINE: BY BILL HUTCHINSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 227 words


SEVERAL ISIS-inspired terror plots aimed at killing people in the U.S. on the
the Fourth of July were thwarted by the feds, FBI Director James Comey said
Thursday.

At least 10 would-be mass killers, including two New York City men, were
arrested in the weeks leading up to the nation's birthday on charges linked to
their association with ISIS, the feds said.

"I do believe our work disrupted efforts to kill people, likely in connection
with July 4," Comey told reporters at FBI headquarters in Washington.

He declined to give details of any specific plot, but some of them were "very
serious efforts to kill people in the United States," he said.

Among those arrested prior to the holiday was ISIS wannabe Fareed Mumuni, 21, of
Staten Island, who attempted to stab a federal agent with a large kitchen knife
when his home was raided June 17.

Mumuni's arrest came a day after his alleged terror partner, Munther Omar Saleh,
20, of Queens was charged with plotting an attack against targets in the city.

On May 7, "Saleh emailed himself information from the Internet regarding the
construction of a pressure cooker bomb" like those used in the deadly 2013
Boston Marathon attack, according to a complaint filed in Brooklyn Federal
Court. Mumuni confessed to discussing with Saleh how to construct a pressure
cooker bomb and plans to travel to the Middle East to join ISIS.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Daily News, L.P.


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

USA plot against Syria aims to deal blow to resistance front - Iran leader

LENGTH: 272 words


Iran's leader Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamene'i has said: "The main aim of the
USA's plot in Syria is to deal a blow to the resistance front in the region,"
Mehr News Agency reported on 31 January. In a meeting with the secretary-general
of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad, Ramadan Abdallah, on the same day, Ayatollah
Khamene'i referred to "the developments over the past year and the Islamic
awakening" saying: "If the Islamic nation in various countries is committed to
diligence, resistance and trust in God, God's promise of victory will definitely
be fulfilled as we have witnessed [its realization] over the past year."

Elsewhere in his remarks, he touched on the conditions in Syria saying: "If we
look at the issue of Syria from a comprehensive viewpoint, the USA's plot
against Syria is quite clear; unfortunately, certain foreign and regional
countries have been involved in this plot."

The Iranian leader continued: "The USA's main goal is to deal a blow to the
resistance front in the region, because Syria supports the Palestinian
resistance and Lebanon's Islamic resistance."

He added: "If Syria promises the Americans that it would stop its support for
the Palestinian and Lebanese resistance, all issues will be resolved. Syria's
only offence [in the eye of the West] is its support for the resistance
[movement]."

Concerning Iran's stance on Syria, Ayatollah Khamene'i said: "The Islamic
Republic will support all reforms which are in the interest of the Syrian
people, and it is against the interference of the USA and its followers in
Syria's domestic issues."

Source: Mehr news agency, Tehran, in Persian 1639 gmt 31 Jan 12

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2012 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                               May 5, 2006 Friday

Garden plot rentals still available

BYLINE: Lancaster New Era Staff

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 102  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Garden plots are still available for rent in Lancaster County Central Park.

Each year, the Lancaster County Department of Parks and Recreation rents plots
of 20 feet by 20 feet for $16 and plots of 20 feet by 40 feet for $20. Organic
plots also are available that have been free of pesticides and herbicides for
more than three years.

Gardeners of all skill levels can rent garden plots to grow their own flowers
and vegetables. To rent a plot or for more information, call the parks office at
299-8215 or visit the park office, located off Chesapeake Street, between 8:30
a.m. and 5 p.m., Mondays through Fridays.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                             August 27, 2012 Monday

Cape St. Claire gardeners prepare for Harvest Spaghetti Dinner

BYLINE: WENDI WINTERS, For Capital Gazette

SECTION: A; Pg.11

LENGTH: 1071  words


It's been a long time since the rolling lands at historic Goshen Farm in Cape
St. Claire have been utilized as farmland. Behind the ancient house, now
encircled by cyclone fencing to deter vandals, another fence made of rustic,
recycled wooden pickets loops around a lush, green garden.

The Goshen Farm Sharing Garden consists of 54 10-by-10 plots rented by area
residents who've tilled the soil, enriched it with compost and planted a
cornucopia of herbs, tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots, lettuces, string beans,
squash, melons, peppers, corn and zinnias.

One plot has been tended by a first-grade class from Cape St. Claire Elementary
School. "The children learned where their food comes from and how it looks while
it's growing," commented the garden's founder and organizational Earth Mother,
Nicole Neboshynsky.

This is the first year the garden has been sprouting. It took a year to acquire
electricity and water, and work out the details. "We have plot renewals coming
up in October for the 2013 growing season," said Nicole. "We've learned a lot
about what to change or do differently next year."

Walking through the verdant garden, Nicole pointed out gardeners have been
assisting each other. They will water a plot when its tenant is out of town, or
pluck the produce so it doesn't rot on the vine. "We've had tons of tomatoes
this year," she smiled.

On Sept. 22, the gardeners will celebrate their debut year with their first
Harvest Spaghetti Dinner. There will be two sessions - at 5 and 7 p.m. - at the
Cape St. Claire United Methodist Church, 855 Chestnut Tree Drive.

Several gardeners are pooling their harvested tomatoes and other veggies grown
in the garden to create a fresh, yummy, homemade spaghetti sauce, which will be
served with pasta, bread and a variety of potluck side dishes. Admission is $5.
Seating is limited and must be reserved at www.goshenfarm.org/community-garden.
All the funds raised will go toward the Maryland state capital campaign grant to
restore the Goshen Farmhouse.

"We're already making some of the sauce now so we'll have enough," said Nicole.
"It takes 12 pounds of tomatoes to make one gallon of sauce."

Trader Joes, Sam's Club and the Outback Steakhouse are donating additional food
items or gift cards to the dinner.

If you'd like to visit the Goshen Farmhouse, one of the few remaining examples
of a colonial-era farmhouse in Anne Arundel County, members of the Goshen Farm
Preservation Society are hosting an open house from 1 to 4 p.m. Sept. 15. The
site is located at 1422 Cape St. Claire Road - follow the signs. There will be
tours, walking paths, Goshen Farm books and T-shirts for sale, plus
refreshments. Admission is free. For information, visit
http://goshenfarm.org/2012/08/open-house.

Great 8

Last year, Jan Sullivan, a personal trainer and owner of Core Connection in
Annapolis, was inspired to join the Great 8 Foundation's 500-mile bicycle
fundraising ride through eight states from Massachusetts to Maryland after
reading about it in this column.

Just days before the Great 8 Foundation ride began, Jan teamed up with locals
Glenn Drake of Cape St. Claire, an Army retiree and partner in the Crownsville
firm Drake-Kinzer Wealth Management; and retired Marine and former Navy
basketball player "Big Dave" David Bethel of Severn, employed by Lockheed
Martin.

The trio raised an astonishing $43,000 of the $157,000 total raised by all 16
riders involved the grueling project.

The trio is training again for this year's ride, which has grown to 20 riders
from several states and a 2012 goal of $200,000.

The MS Great 8 Foundation ride begins outside Portland, Maine, on Oct. 7, and
ends in Times Square in New York City on Oct. 14. In between, the bicyclists
will pedal through eight states in eight days.

A fourth Marylander is joining them this year, making it a quartet: estate
planner Edward Jackson is from Baltimore. The Maryland group's goal is $32,000,
but they hope to soar past last year's results.

The foursome is motivated by family members who've battled MS - Multiple
Sclerosis - still a devastating, incurable disease.

For Edward, he's doing it for his ex-wife who has MS. Jan's father struggled
with it for 45 years before passing away in 1992. Jan has been involved in MS
fundraising since 1985. Dave's daughter Ashtyn, a 7th grader at Arundel Middle
has an aunt with MS. Glenn's mother-in-law is an MS sufferer.

"We ride to bring awareness, halt MS's advance, find a cure and find out 'why,'"
boomed Big Dave. "We want to know 'What's the cause and what's the cure,'" added
Jan. "We want to raise awareness as we are raising money to fund a cure," stated
Glenn.

Off the training trail, the group is holding a fundraiser at 7 p.m. Sept. 13 at
Level Small Plates, 69 West St. in Annapolis. Twenty percent of the evening's
proceeds benefit MS Great 8 Foundation efforts.

For the Great 8 bike ride fundraiser, minus credit card service charges, 100
percent of the funds raised by the four from Maryland will be given to area MS
Chapters and spent locally on MS research and support for MS sufferers.

For more information or to donate, visit www.msgreat8.org or email
cycling@msgreat8.org On the website, click on Glenn, Dave, Jan or Edward's names
to contribute.

Golf tournament

If you are teed off at the shopworn condition of the Broadneck High field house,
you can do something about it - and have fun at the same time.

Tee off with your friends during the 22nd annual Broadneck high School Athletic
Boosters Golf Tournament on Sept. 28 at Compass Pointe Golf Course on its
South/West Course. It's located at 9010 Fort Smallwood Road in Pasadena.

Registration is 7:30 a.m. with a modified shotgun start at 8:30 a.m. The cost is
$125 per golf, $400 per foursome, $75 per coaches and teachers. In addition to
trophies and prizes for winners in various categories, the fee includes
complimentary bag service, a pre-golf continental breakfast, driving range,
beverage carts, a post-golf buffet dinner and more.

Net proceeds go to the Boosters Club's Field House restoration fund.

Gold medalist

Congratulations! Kaitlyn Karnbach - an eighth-grader at Magothy River Middle
School and daughter of Cape St. Claire firefighter I/EMT Charles Karnbach -
returned last week from the 2012 Acro Gymnastic Nationals in Detroit.

A student at 1st Class Gymnastics, Kaitlyn and partners Kylie Sarno of
Crownsville and Abbey Cohen of Glen Burnie won gold medals competing in the
Level 5 trio event.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Nicole Neboshynsky, a founder of the Goshen Farm Sharing Garden, plucks
ripe tomatoes from her plot. She is already making tomato sauce for the upcoming
Harvest Spaghetti Dinner on Sept. 22 at the Cape St. Claire United Methodist
Church.
Four area participants in the upcoming MS Great 8 fundraising bike ride through
eight North Atlantic states paused with a visiting friend at the overlook above
the Maryland World War II Memorial, during a 45-mile "short" practice ride that
looped from Severn to Annapolis and back. From left, Edward Jackson of
Baltimore; supporter Dene O'Connor of Brick, N.J.; Jan Sullivan of Annapolis;
Glenn Drake of Cape St. Claire and "Big Dave" David Bethel of Severn.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 14, 2001 Saturday

Ex-Montrealer guilty of terrorism charge

BYLINE: PAUL KORING

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 603 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Mokhtar Haouari was convicted on terrorism and fraud charges yesterday, the
second Montreal-based Algerian émigré found guilty of involvement in a foiled
plot to blow up the Los Angeles airport during the millennium celebrations.

Mr. Haouari, who disrupted his trial with a violent head-banging incident that
left him dazed and the jury shocked, showed no emotion as the verdict was read.

His lawyer, Daniel Ollen, said later that his client was "very disappointed" and
that an appeal was planned.

Mr. Haouari, 32, faces up to 85 years in prison if he gets the maximum sentence
on every charge. Sentencing was set for Oct. 17.

Although the federal jury in New York convicted Mr. Haouari of conspiracy in the
terrorist plot, he was acquitted of aiding and abetting terrorism.

A key difference in the two charges is that the conspiracy count didn't require
he have actual knowledge of the plot.

He was also convicted of four fraud charges.

The defence made no effort to dispute a mass of evidence presented by the
prosecution that covered years of systematic bank and credit-card fraud schemes.

Although the defence conceded that Mr. Haouari "was a criminal," his lawyer
contended that he had no knowledge that Ahmed Ressam, another Algerian who lived
in Montreal, was assembling explosives and planning to plant a bomb at the Los
Angeles airport in December of 1999.

It took the three-man, nine-woman jury less than two days of deliberations to
reach a verdict that seemed to accept, at least partly, the defence argument
that Mr. Haouari was unaware of Mr. Ressam's mission when he gave him money,
furnished him with a fake Quebec driver's licence and arranged for another
Algerian, Abdel Ghani Meskini, to meet with Mr. Ressam in Seattle.

Outside the court, several jurors said they believed the government had failed
to prove Mr. Haouari knew what Mr. Ressam was planning.

Mr. Haouari, who was arrested in Montreal in January of 2000 after a massive
investigation on both sides of the border, didn't fight extradition to the
United States.

Both Mr. Ressam and Mr. Meskini, who have been convicted for their roles but
made deals to co-operate with prosecutors to get their sentences reduced,
testified against Mr. Haouari during his two-week trial.

The sentencing dates for the two men were postponed until after they had
testified.

Although investigators believe they know the names and roles of several others
involved in the plot, only Abdel Majid Dahoumane is in custody. Mr. Dahoumane,
who is accused of having helped Mr. Ressam gather the explosive materials in
Vancouver, was arrested this year in Algeria but it remains unclear whether he
will be handed over to U.S. authorities.

Although Mr. Ressam testified at length during Mr. Haouari's trial, detailing
his terrorist training in Afghanistan and his fervour in waging a jihad (holy
war) against the United States, no clear link was established between the plot
to bomb the Los Angeles airport and Osama bin Laden.

Nonetheless, the Saudi fugitive financier is widely believed to be behind the
millennium plot.

The Montreal-based plot was thwarted when a U.S. customs officer decided to
search Mr. Ressam's rental car at Port Angeles, Wash., when the Algerian drove
off a ferry from Victoria.

Inside the car, officers found a trunkload of explosives, four timing devices
and various false identity papers.

A few days earlier, Jordanian authorities had made a series of arrests in
another alleged millennium plot.

Both have been linked to Mr. bin Laden, as were the almost simultaneous bombings
of two U.S. embassies in East Africa in 1998.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2001 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            August 16, 2005 Tuesday

Muslim group must hurry to establish cemetery;
Pflugerville burial ground is only one of its kind in Travis County

BYLINE: Karem Said, AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: METRO/STATE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 817 words


Eight members of Austin's Muslim community are breaking ground in a Pflugerville
cemetery in a bid to extend their Central Texas roots.

Led by President Mohsin Lari, Muslim Community Support Services is building the
only Islamic burial ground in Travis County, plot by plot.

The group has sold 188 plots to local Muslims but must sell 12 more by Saturday
to satisfy a contract signed in December 2000 with Cook-Walden/Capital Parks
Funeral Home.

If they fall short, they will lose their claim to 300 additional plots in
Cook-Walden's cemetery -- and their dream of a common resting place for future
generations of local Muslims.

So far, only 10 people are buried in the 188 plots in Cook-Walden's far
northeast corner, where a paved road transitions to gravel and a modest hedge
marks the Muslim enclave.

Lari, 53, was born and raised in Pakistan and moved to Austin in 1994 after
living in Boston for 17 years. Soft-spoken and concise, the software quality
assurance manager is hardly an effusive salesman.

His group has relied on an e-mail campaign boosted with fliers, phone calls and
word-of-mouth at local mosques.

The organization does inter-religious work, offers a scholarship to
college-bound Muslims and provides support for refugees and battered women.

But Lari and three friends created the organization in 1999 to establish a
cemetery near their homes.

"That's required by our religion," Lari said. "You have to be buried in a Muslim
cemetery."

They sold a whopping 35 plots last month, but Lari fears that they've exhausted
their market of older buyers.

"The problem is that most of the community is young, and they don't think about
death," Lari said.

At $1,150 a plot, some prospective buyers are reluctant to sink money into land
that could be hard to sell should they leave Austin, Lari said.

Plus, local Muslims have another option: a free, Muslim-only cemetery in Lytton
Springs, about 25 miles from downtown Austin in Caldwell County. About 100
people are buried at the thirty-year-old cemetery owned by the Masjid Khadijah
Bint Khwailid mosque on Manor Road.

"You don't pay a dime," funeral director Issa Kamara said.

Lari said his group wanted a Muslim cemetery closer to Austin.

"If we died, our kids would not be able to visit us that often," Lari said of
his wife and their three daughters.

Cook-Walden's Pflugerville cemetery also includes a Jewish section for Austin's
Congregation Beth Israel, and a new Catholic section was created with oversight
from the Diocese of Austin.

For Muslims with doubts about sharing a cemetery with other faiths, the
Muslim-only cemetery in Lytton Springs is religiously unassailable. The
cemetery's managers recently sent an e-mail emphasizing this point to an
extensive list of Muslims, making Lari's job that much harder.

Yet Muslims are often buried in separate sections of public cemeteries. Sayyid
Syeed, secretary for the Islamic Society of North America, said it's unrealistic
for Muslims to oppose mixed cemeteries such as Cook-Walden's.

"Here in Indianapolis, and all over the country . . . we cannot afford to have
entire Muslim cemeteries," he said, adding that many cemeteries have Muslim
sections, like the one at Cook-Walden.

There, the budding Muslim section is laid out according to Islamic custom, with
the graves positioned so the souls of the dead can face Mecca on the Day of
Judgment.

Lari said his group chose to work with Cook-Walden because the funeral home was
the most flexible about grave position and another essential custom: Muslims are
not buried in caskets but in white cloths.

The group did compromise on a requirement by the cemetery that isn't part of
Islamic burial tradition: Each grave must have a headstone.

If Muslim Community Support Services can't sell the 12 remaining plots,
Cook-Walden might sell the land to non-Muslims, an encroachment that might upset
some Muslim plot owners.

So Lari has asked Cook-Walden for an extension. He's also targeted a few wealthy
Muslims for no-interest loans to purchase the remaining plots. As the deadline
approaches, he's still hopeful he can persuade Muslims to follow Ali Khataw's
example of planning for their afterlives.

Khataw and his father have purchased 20 plots in the Cook-Walden section, more
than they need for their extended family. They've donated six plots to
low-income Muslims, and they plan to donate five more.

Khataw moved from Pakistan to Austin -- where, he said, his "American roots
start" -- in 1980 to open an engineering firm.

He said he supports the cemetery project because his religion encourages regular
visits to family graves.

"When you go to a graveyard, it makes you realize a person's insignificance. How
small a person is," he said.

Khataw said that taking his children to the cemetery will educate them about
life and death.

"It's opened up a new avenue," he said. "It's good for the family."

ksaid@statesman.com; 445-3851

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mohsin Lari says his group, Muslim Community Support Services, was
founded in 1999 with the goal of creating an Islamic cemetery nearer the
members' homes. It is a goal realized at Cook-Walden/Capital Parks Cemetery in
Pflugerville.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Austin American Statesman


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            December 14, 2012 Friday

Danish historian finds unknown Andersen fairy tale

SECTION: WIRE; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 896 words


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) - An imprisoned man whose infatuation with Justin Bieber
included a tattoo of the pop star on his leg has told investigators in New
Mexico he hatched a plot to kill the singer, according to documents filed in a
New Mexico court.

An affidavit filed in Las Cruces said Dana Martin told investigators he
persuaded a man he met in prison and the man's nephew to kill Bieber, along with
Bieber's personal bodyguard and two others not connected to the pop star.

The plot contained several gruesome details. Investigators say the plotters
wanted to castrate two of the victims with hedge clippers before traveling to
New York City to find Bieber. The targets of the castration plot were not
connected to Bieber, authorities say, and it doesn't appear that the pop singer
was ever in immediate danger and no one was killed in the alleged elaborate plot
.

Martin, a Vermont man who is serving two life sentences for the 2000 killing of
a 15-year-old girl, said he was angry at Bieber because he didn't respond to any
of his letters.

"This perceived slight made Mr. Martin upset and that, coupled with Mr. Martin's
perception of being a 'nobody' in prison, led him to begin plotting the kidnap
and murder of Victim 3," court documents said.

The documents identified Victim 3 as "J.B.," which New Mexico State Police
spokesman Lt. Robert McDonald later confirmed was Justin Bieber.

Martin told investigators that Mark Staake and Tanner D. Ruane headed from New
Mexico to the East Coast, planning to be near a Bieber concert scheduled in New
York City after killing and castrating two others. They missed a turn and
crossed into Canada from Vermont. Staake was arrested on an outstanding warrant.
Ruane was arrested later.

Court documents say Martin told investigators that Bieber was the "ultimate
target."

New York State Police said Thursday that troopers recovered tools and documents
associated with the conspiracy while executing a search warrant on Ruane's
vehicle.

LONDON (AP) - In 2008, Queen Elizabeth II asked academics why no one saw the
financial crisis coming. On Thursday, she finally got an answer.

Sujit Kapadia from the Bank of England's Financial Services Committee gave the
queen three reasons as she visited the central bank in London. He told her that
financial crises are like earthquakes - rare and difficult to predict. Kapadia
also said growing complacency since markets were stable led people to think
regulation wasn't necessary, and that people didn't realize how interconnected
the financial system had become.

Elizabeth asked what is being done to prevent another global downturn,
acknowledging that "people got a bit lax" and that perhaps financial crises are
"difficult to foresee."

On her visit, the queen and her husband also toured vaults full of gold.

WASHINGTON (AP) - Carole King has a friend in the Library of Congress. She's the
first woman to win the library's Gershwin Prize for Popular Song.

In her five decades of songwriting, King's hits have included "You've Got a
Friend," "So Far Away" and "(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman." The
library said Thursday that King will be the fifth person to receive the prize.
Prior recipients include Stevie Wonder and Paul McCartney.

Librarian of Congress James Billington said King's work has been recorded by
many artists to communicate universal human emotions like love, joy and pain.

King will receive the prize in the spring and said in a statement that she looks
forward to performing in Washington.

Honorees are typically saluted at the White House.

COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) - For years, the somber fairy tale about a lonely
candle dwelt in oblivion at the bottom of a box in Denmark's National Archives.
Its discovery has sent ripples through the literary world because it is believed
to be one of the first tales written by Hans Christian Andersen.

Retired historian Esben Brage said he found the six-page handwritten tale,
"Tallow Candle," in early October while searching through boxes that belonged to
wealthy families from Andersen's hometown of Odense.

in central Denmark.

The had been left seemingly untouched at the bottom of one of the boxes.

"I was ecstatic. I immediately contacted the curator to tell him about my
discovery. I had never imagined this," Brage said.

The short story tells the tale of how a tallow candle seeks help from a tinder
box to be able to ignite itself.

A senior curator at the Hans Christian Andersen Museum in Odense said the work
is likely one of the author's earliest, written seven years before his official
debut in 1830.

"I often get calls about stuff thought to have been off Andersen's hand. Most of
the time, it is not. This time I was thrilled," Ejnar Stig Askgaard told The
Associated Press. "This is a very early attempt at prose by Andersen who was
then 18."

Askgaard said Andersen knew the Bunkeflod widow well and regularly visited her,
reading to her and borrowing books from her, even after he moved to Copenhagen
to attend university.

"The text is not at the level of the more mature fairy tales that we know from
Andersen's later writing," Askgaard said. "I have no doubts ... this has been
written by Andersen."

Born to a charwoman and a shoemaker in 1805, Andersen wrote nearly 160 fairy
tales in his life including classics like "The Ugly Duckling" and "The Little
Mermaid." He has also written dozens of novels, poems and travel journals.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2012 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 23, 2004 Tuesday

'9/11' PLOTS IN BRITAIN - HEATHROW PLAN FOILED

BYLINE: KATE SHEEHY

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 354 words


Chilling plans for a 9/11- style terror onslaught - complete with hijacked
planes - targeted London's Heathrow Airport and famed financial district Canary
Wharf, it was reported yesterday.

The ghoulish copycat plot was thwarted by British intelligence sometime after
the U.S. terror attacks on Sept. 11, 2001 - and before the would-be suicide
pilots could finish training for their fiendish mission - sources told Britain's
ITV News.

The ominous plan was one of up to five targeting the country and concocted by al
Qaeda, which was behind 9/11, a senior administrative source in Britain said.

The newly detailed plot indicated that the terrorists specifically were aiming
at the London airport, as well as three skyscrapers in Canary Wharf.

The tallest of the targeted buildings was the 50-story One Canada Square. The
two other looming structures beside it also are believed to have been in al
Qaeda's crosshairs.

News of the plot surfaced as the British government prepared to outline proposed
major new legislation to better combat terrorism.

Included in the proposed measures are the creation of citizen ID cards and the
establishment of a national crime agency similar to the FBI.

British Home Secretary David Blunkett, who also is pushing for juror-less terror
trials, admitted some of the measures might raise the alarm with civil-liberty
advocates.

"[But] we will have to take whatever steps are necessary, particularly in terms
of security and intelligence, because it's no good picking up the pieces -
literally - afterward," Blunkett said.

Just last August, a group of eight terror suspects - including one allegedly
stockpiling "reconnaissance plans" of key, vulnerable U.S. targets - were nabbed
in Britain.

The main suspect in that case, Dhiren Barot, reputedly had plans of the New York
Stock Exchange and Citigroup headquarters in Manhattan, the Prudential building
in Newark and the International Monetary Fund in Washington.

All of the men are believed to have been plotting to use "radioactive materials,
toxic gases, chemicals and/or explosives" in an upcoming terror attack,
authorities said.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Rights report raises questions over US terror prosecutions

BYLINE: Spencer Ackerman in New York

SECTION: GUARDIAN INTERNATIONAL PAGES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 422 words


Nearly all of the highest-profile domestic terrorism plots in the United States
since 9/11 featured the "direct involvement" of government agents or informants,
a new report says. Some of the controversial "sting" operations "were proposed
or led by informants", bordering on entrapment by law enforcement.

The report, released yesterday by Human Rights Watch, portrays a system that
features not just the sting operations but secret evidence, anonymous juries,
pretrial detentions and convictions significantly removed from actual plots.

"In some cases the FBI may have created terrorists out of law-abiding
individuals," the report alleges. Of the 494 cases related to terrorism the US
has tried since 9/11, the plurality of convictions - 18% overall - are not for
thwarted plots but for "material support" charges, a broad category that permits
prosecutors to pursue charges with tenuous connections to a terrorist act or
group. In one such incident the basis for a material-support case alleging a man
provided "military gear" to al-Qaida turned out to be waterproof socks.

Human Rights Watch's findings call into question the post-9/11 shift taken by
the FBI and other law enforcement agencies toward stopping terrorist plots
before they occur. The report focuses on 27 cases and accordingly stops short of
drawing systemic conclusions. It also finds several trials and convictions for
"deliberate attempts at terrorism or terrorism financing" that it does not
challenge.

The four high-profile domestic plots it found free of government involvement
were the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing; Najibullah Zazi's 2009 plot to bomb the
New York subway; the attempted Times Square car bombing of 2010; and the 2002
shooting at Los Angeles International Airport's El Al counter.

While the FBI has relied on informants, for terrorism cases informants insert
themselves into mosques, businesses and community gatherings and can cajole
people toward a plot "who perhaps would never have participated in a terrorist
act on their own", the study found.

Many trade information for cash. The FBI in 2008 estimated it had 15,000 paid
informants. About 30% of post-9/11 terrorism cases are considered sting
operations in which informants played an "active role" leading to arrest,
according to studies cited in the Human Rights Watch report. Among those roles
are making comments "that appeared designed to inflame the targets" on
"politically sensitive" subjects, and pushing operations forward if a target's
"opinions were deemed sufficiently troubling".

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Rights report raises questions over US terror prosecutions

BYLINE: Spencer Ackerman New York

SECTION: GUARDIAN INTERNATIONAL PAGES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 422 words


Nearly all of the highest-profile domestic terrorism plots in the United States
since 9/11 featured the "direct involvement" of government agents or informants,
a new report says. Some of the controversial "sting" operations "were proposed
or led by informants", bordering on entrapment by law enforcement.

The report, released yesterday by Human Rights Watch, portrays a system that
features not just the sting operations but secret evidence, anonymous juries,
pretrial detentions and convictions significantly removed from actual plots.

"In some cases the FBI may have created terrorists out of law-abiding
individuals," the report alleges. Of the 494 cases related to terrorism the US
has tried since 9/11, the plurality of convictions - 18% overall - are not for
thwarted plots but for "material support" charges, a broad category that permits
prosecutors to pursue charges with tenuous connections to a terrorist act or
group. In one such incident the basis for a material-support case alleging a man
provided "military gear" to al-Qaida turned out to be waterproof socks.

Human Rights Watch's findings call into question the post-9/11 shift taken by
the FBI and other law enforcement agencies toward stopping terrorist plots
before they occur. The report focuses on 27 cases and accordingly stops short of
drawing systemic conclusions. It also finds several trials and convictions for
"deliberate attempts at terrorism or terrorism financing" that it does not
challenge.

The four high-profile domestic plots it found free of government involvement
were the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing; Najibullah Zazi's 2009 plot to bomb the
New York subway; the attempted Times Square car bombing of 2010; and the 2002
shooting at Los Angeles International Airport's El Al counter.

While the FBI has relied on informants, for terrorism cases informants insert
themselves into mosques, businesses and community gatherings and can cajole
people toward a plot "who perhaps would never have participated in a terrorist
act on their own", the study found.

Many trade information for cash. The FBI in 2008 estimated it had 15,000 paid
informants. About 30% of post-9/11 terrorism cases are considered sting
operations in which informants played an "active role" leading to arrest,
according to studies cited in the Human Rights Watch report. Among those roles
are making comments "that appeared designed to inflame the targets" on
"politically sensitive" subjects, and pushing operations forward if a target's
"opinions were deemed sufficiently troubling".

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                             October 7, 2005 Friday

Anti-terrorism officials reveal new details of 2002 plot

BYLINE: D avid Sanger, N.Y. Times News Service

LENGTH: 639 words


WASHINGTON Government counterterrorism officials gave new details on Friday of
what the White House said was a foiled 2002 plot to fly hijacked airplanes into
targets on the West Coast, but their account suggested that the Bush
administration may not have understood the dimensions of the plot until two
major terror suspects were caught in 2003.

Both of the suspects, Khalid Shaikh Mohammed and Riduan Isamuddin, better known
as Hambali, had been involved in plans for such an attack, they said.

President Bush referred obliquely to the planning in a speech on Thursday, when
he said the United States and its partners had stopped three potential attacks
on American soil, and seven more around the world. The White House cited it
later Thursday in a list of the 10 failed plots.

While several of those alleged plots had been disclosed before, officials said
that the 2002 effort had not been publicized until now. Another foiled plot, the
White House said, was aimed at East Coast cities in 2003.

The plan to attack Los Angeles appears to have grown out of a larger plan for
attacks on both coasts, not just New York and Washington, on Sept. 11, 2001.

As described by investigators on Friday in an account that parallels the
findings of the commission that investigated the 9/11 attacks Khalid Shaikh
Mohammed, the architect of the 9/11 plan, was told to delay parts of the broader
plan until later.

It is not clear how far any subsequent planning against Los Angeles advanced
after the attacks of Sept. 11, or exactly how it was headed off during the broad
international campaign against terrorists that ensued.

"It basically got subcontracted out to Jemaah Islamiyah," Isamuddin's radical
Islamic group based in Indonesia, said a senior counterterrorism official, who
had read an account of Mohammed's interrogation after his capture in Pakistan in
2003. "They found a pilot, and some others to overpower the plane. But it never
came together." One apparent target was the Library Tower in Los Angeles, now
known as the US Bank tower, but three counterterrorism officials said they
believed there were other targets in mind as well.

All the officials interviewed about the plots declined to speak on the record,
because the White House had declassified a very limited amount of information to
substantiate the president's statements. But one senior administration official
familiar with the case said that the Bush administration "knew that the plot had
been disrupted before" Mohammed was captured in Pakistan in 2003. Later that
year, Isamuddin was arrested in Thailand. "But we didn't understand the details
at that time," the official said.

[STORY CAN END HERE. OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS.]

"We just knew it involved hijacked planes and the West Coast, including multiple
targets on the coast."

Officials familiar with the information passed to the Los Angeles authorities
say local officials there were given only vague warnings in 2002 that a tall
building might be targeted. But it was not until the next year, the officials
said, that Los Angeles authorities received summaries of the interrogation of
Mohammed. Later they obtained similar summaries of the interrogations of
Isamuddin.

There are significant differences between Mohammed's description of the plot and
Isamuddin's, officials said, referring to how the plan was inspired. Other
members of the cell were captured as well, some during the hunt for those who
carried out a deadly nightclub bombing in Bali in 2002. "By 2003, we were
convinced we had sufficiently undermined the cell that was involved in the plot
," the senior administration official said.

The officials gave few details of the 2003 plot against cities on the East
Coast, saying only that it had been disrupted by a partner of the United States
at a relatively early stage.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Guide maps out PLOTS areas

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 213 words


The North Dakota Game and Fish Department's Private Land Open To Sportsmen Guide
for 2016 is available online at the Department's website, gf.nd.gov, and was
expected to become available at most vendors throughout the state in early
September.

The guide features about 730,000 PLOTS acres. Because the guide is printed in
mid-August, some PLOTS tracts highlighted in the guide may have been removed
from the program since the time of printing. There also will be some PLOTS
tracts where the habitat and condition of the tract will have changed
significantly. Conversely, Game and Fish may have added new tracts to the
program after the guide went to press.

To minimize possible confusion, Game and Fish will update PLOTS map sheets
weekly on its website.

The PLOTS Guide features maps highlighting these walk-in areas, identified in
the field by inverted triangular yellow signs, as well as other public lands.

The guides are free and will be available at license vendors in the state, by
walk-in at the Game and Fish Department's Bismarck office and at district
offices in Riverdale, Harvey (Lonetree), Williston, Dickinson, Jamestown and
Devils Lake.

The guides are not available to mail, so hunters will have to pick them up at a
local vendor or print individual maps from the website.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Geelong Advertiser (Australia)

                            August 12, 2006 Saturday

Officials probe dozens

BYLINE: PRASHANT RAO

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 503  words


AUTHORITIES in Britain and Pakistan quizzed more than 30 terror suspects
yesterday as an increasingly global dimension emerged to an alleged plot to blow
up US-bound aircraft.

The Bank of England identified and froze the accounts of 19 of the 24 men
arrested in Britain, and Pakistan said it had helped uncover the plot with the
arrests last week of seven people, including two Britons of Pakistani origin.

The conspiracy -- which US officials said was the most serious since the
September 11, 2001, attacks -- involved terrorists smuggling seemingly innocuous
liquids in drinks bottles or other containers for assembling into bombs aboard
US-bound planes from Britain.

Chaos at British and foreign airports eased 24 hours after Britain went on
maximum alert before dawn on Thursday over what one police chief called a plan
to commit ''mass murder on an unimaginable scale''.

Hundreds of flights were cancelled and while airlines began yesterday to make up
the backlog, passengers were warned of delays and disruption amid heightened
security measures.

US officials estimated up to 10 planes were targeted in an operation they said
bore the imprint of Osama bin Laden's al-Qaeda terror network.

While Britain's domestic Press Association quoted senior police sources as
saying they believed up to nine planes were due to have been blown up, other
British media said between five and 12 planes were to be used.

The Independent newspaper said anti-terror officers staged raids to arrest the
24 suspects, mostly believed to be of Pakistani origin, ''after it emerged that
the plotters might be ready to strike within 48 hours''.

A US intelligence official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the alleged
plot had targeted United Airlines, American Airlines and Continental Airlines
flights to New York, Washington and Los Angeles, and possibly other major hubs
such as Boston and Chicago.

According to The Washington Post, the first whiff of the alleged plot came after
the July 2005 suicide bombings on London's transit system, when a member of the
Muslim community tipped off British intelligence about the suspicious activities
of an acquaintance.

The vague tip led investigators to a well co-ordinated and long-planned plot to
bomb multiple US-bound transatlantic flights, a senior European intelligence
official said.

London's Metropolitan Police was brought into the investigation in December,
British media reported. Pakistani officials were also brought in.

A senior Pakistani Government official said one of the two Britons was arrested
in the southern city of Karachi and the other in the eastern city of Lahore.

The pair, the official said, ''were key members of the Britain-based network of
militants. The arrests in Pakistan were made prior to the action in London.

''They were in full knowledge of the plot to blow up the airlines, and the
information was passed on to Britain and US intelligence,'' the official added.

US President George W. Bush was informed as early as Sunday of the inquiry, the
White House said.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

AFP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GAT


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Facts on File World News Digest

                                  July 6, 2006

Terrorism;
FBI Arrests Seven in Sears Tower Plot

SECTION: Pg. 529D3

LENGTH: 409 words


The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) June 22 arrested seven men who were
allegedly planning terrorist attacks on several targets, including the 110-story
Sears Tower in Chicago. FBI officials said the suspects, apprehended in an
undercover sting operation, had thought they were dealing with Al Qaeda
international terrorist network operatives. They described the men as having
"aspirations" but "no means" to carry out the attacks. [See 2006 Terrorism: Man
Convicted in NYC Subway Bomb Plot; 2006 Terrorism: Bush Details Plot Against Los
Angeles; 2005 Spain: Al Qaeda Trial Opens; Other Development]

Federal officials June 23 at a press conference revealed that five of the
suspects, including their leader, Narseal Batiste, had been arrested in Miami,
Florida. Another man was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, and the seventh was
already in custody on a probation charge. Five of the men were U.S. citizens,
one was a Haitian citizen with permanent U.S. residency, and another was a
Haitian in the U.S. illegally. Officials said the group adhered to a vague
militant ideology combining elements of Christianity and Islam.

At the news conference, Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and Deputy FBI
Director John Pistole said the suspects did not have the capacity to carry out
their plot for attacks on the Sears Tower, the tallest building on the North
American continent, or on the FBI buildings in Miami, New York City, Los Angeles
and Washington, D.C. However, Gonzales emphasized that the group "did take
sufficient steps that we believe does support this prosecution." He added,
"These homegrown terrorists may prove to be as dangerous as groups like Al
Qaeda."

The four-count indictment charged the men with conspiring to bomb targets in the
U.S. and to provide material support to Al Qaeda. It detailed how an undercover
FBI informant posing as an Al Qaeda operative met with Batiste in December 2005
after the group sought aid from foreign organizations. Batiste allegedly
requested supplies, which the indictment said included "boots, uniforms, machine
guns, radios and vehicles," in order to build an "Islamic Army" and attack the
U.S. However, the informant provided only boots for the group, and a video
camera that the suspects allegedly used to conduct surveillance of several
federal buildings.

U.S. Magistrate Judge Ted Bandstra July 5 denied bail for the six men being held
in Miami, and the suspect in Atlanta was also denied bail.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Facts on File, Inc.


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 09, 1999, Saturday, Final Edition

Corn Seed Producers Move to Avert Pesticide Resistance

Rick Weiss, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 825 words


Responding to pressure from federal regulators, environmentalists and others, a
coalition of the nation's major producers of genetically engineered corn seed
said yesterday that they would require farmers to grow sizable plots of
non-engineered, old-fashioned corn along with their new biotechnology varieties.

The companies hope to allay increasing fears among scientists that some newly
marketed varieties of gene-altered corn, which exude potent insecticides day in
and day out, may be speeding the evolution of pesticide-resistant "super"
insects.

The announcement, which caught many farmers and others by surprise, was
announced by an official of St. Louis-based Monsanto Co., the country's largest
producer of gene-altered corn, at an Environmental Protection Agency meeting.

EPA officials welcomed the coalition's plan with cautious optimism. "We have not
had an opportunity to review the details of this agreement. However, we hope the
final version will contain the elements EPA feels are required for the effective
management of these products," Loretta Ucelli, EPA's associate administrator of
public affairs, said in a statement.

But the plan was immediately criticized as inadequate by some scientists and
environmental activists, who noted that it calls for plots of non-engineered
crops to be about half the size that several research studies have recently
determined will be needed to prevent ecological disaster.

"It's like having your doctor prescribe five pills a day to prevent a heart
attack: It might help a little bit to take only one, but probably you're going
to die," said Jane Rissler, senior staff scientist at the Union for Concerned
Scientists in Washington. "These companies are responding to an overwhelming
scientific consensus that they have to do something, but what they are proposing
is far, far from what is needed."

The more that insects are exposed to an insecticide, the more rapidly they
develop resistance to that pesticide. That principle has become an issue as
several companies have added a gene to corn that allows the plants to produce a
steady supply of an insecticide known as bt, a bacterial toxin that kills
European corn borers and related caterpillars that drill through stalks and
damage ears.

Growers who use the new varieties can avoid spraying bt during the season. But
periodic spraying, though expensive and troublesome for growers, is in some
respects more environmentally friendly. That's because bt breaks down quickly in
sunlight, keeping exposures so brief that insects hardly have the opportunity to
evolve strategies for becoming resistant to the chemical.

Under constant chemical pressure from bt-exuding plants, insects have greater
opportunity to evolve ways of being unfazed by bt.

Field studies and computer modeling experiments have confirmed that there is a
solution to the problem: Grow plots of normal corn near the bt plots, and don't
spray those "refuges" with any bt. Without the pressure to develop bt
resistance, insects on refuge plots tend to remain susceptible to the pesticide.
And when those insects mate with their neighbors in nearby biotech plots, their
susceptibility genes will dilute any emerging resistance in their mates.

But how big do these refuges have to be? Several recent studies, which have been
compiled into a document that EPA now relies heavily upon, have concluded that a
refuge kept completely free of pesticides must be 20 percent to 30 percent the
size of the engineered plot. They note that a refuge should be about 40 percent
the size of the biotech plot if pesticides are to be used, since spraying can
increase the odds of bt resistance developing.

The new plan, however, calls for only 20 percent refuges, even when sprays are
to be used, said Monsanto spokesman Dan Holman. Moreover, the plan offers no
details about whether the refuges must be planted alongside the biotech plots,
or can be some distance away, where studies suggest they would be less
effective.

"I think it's important that they've come up with something, even a compromise,"
said Fred Gould, an entomologist and bt expert at North Carolina State
University in Raleigh. "But the bottom line is, 20 percent without spraying is
as low as you'd want to go."

Indeed, the EPA has recently been requiring refuges about twice as big as what
yesterday's plan proposes for newly registered varieties of bt corn. But
previously approved varieties, including those made by the companies that came
up with the plan, were registered by the EPA before the agency started insisting
on refuges. That means any such system is voluntary for them until those
registrations start to expire in 2002, even though they account for most of the
15 million acres of engineered corn now planted in this country.

Holman said the coalition would release more details later, including how it
intends to enforce the use of the refuge system among farmers.

LOAD-DATE: January 09, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            January 31, 1992, Friday

Feds allege murder plot in N. Ga.

BYLINE: By Bill Montgomery STAFF WRITERhomicide; attempts; investigations;
insurance; benefits

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section F; Page 2

LENGTH: 383 words


A Dalton truck driver who allegedly offered a high school friend $ 5,000 to kill
his wife's aunt so he could get his hands on her $ 500,000 estate didn't know he
was dealing with a federal informant, according to an agent's affidavit.

Edward Lee Shults, 35, was indicted Wednesday by a federal grand jury in Atlanta
on charges he made an interstate telephone call from Louisiana to arrange a
murder-for-hire. There was no attempt on the aunt's life.

Mr. Shults was arrested Jan. 16 in Dallas, Texas, the day after the phone call
to the informant, authorities said. He is being held in the Atlanta federal
penitentiary pending a Feb. 6 bond hearing.

The intended victim, according to Special Agent David L. Rack's affidavit, was
Juanita West, a retired schoolteacher who is the aunt of Mr. Shults's wife,
Lorena.

Mr. Shults spelled out the alleged plot and his motive during a visit to his
friend's house in Dalton Dec. 30, the affidavit stated.

"Shults' wife would come into control of the woman's estate . . . worth in the
neighborhood of $ 500,000," the document said. The informant told authorities
about the alleged plot the next day.

Assistant U.S. Attorney F. Gentry Shellnut said Mr. Shults told the informant
the estate included antiques, stocks, cash and a bank account. The prosecutor
said Mrs. Shults "had no knowledge at all of the plot, and we don't believe
there were any co-conspirators."

Neither Mrs. West nor Mrs. Shults, reached by telephone Thursday, would comment
on the alleged murder plot. Nor would Mr. Shults's attorney, Neil Wester of
Dalton.

The FBI affidavit said the informant approached in the alleged plot "has
supplied reliable information on several occasions" that has resulted in a
previous, unspecified federal court conviction.

The informant wore a taping device during later meetings with the suspect, some
of them under surveillance by authorities.

According to the affidavit, Mr. Shults on three occasions drove the informant by
Mrs. West's house in the town of Rock Springs in neighboring Walker County and
gave him a .22-caliber pistol.

"Shults told [the informant] he wanted to be gone on his job driving a truck . .
. on a run to Dallas, Texas, during the time the murder took place so he would
have an alibi," the affidavit stated.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Sunday Mail (Australia)

                              July 9, 2006 Sunday
                          State - Main Country Edition

Tunnel terror plot - Al-Qaida mastermind and two suspects arrested

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 410  words


THE FBI says it has identified eight al-Qaida followers involved in a plot to
attack the transport system in New York.

Three have been taken into custody overseas.

''We believe we have what I'll call eight principal players, and we have them
largely identified,'' said Mark Mershon, head of the FBI's New York office.

Only one of the three arrested has been charged -- a Lebanese national described
as the ''mastermind'' of the plot and a disciple of al-Qaida leader Osama bin
Laden, Mershon said.

The Lebanese man has been identified as Assem Hammoud, who goes by the assumed
name of Amir Andalousi.

Mershon said he had confessed ''his adherence to the philosophy of al-Qaida, his
swearing of allegiance to Osama bin Laden, and his position as mastermind of the
plot, which was to occur in October or November''.

The FBI said earlier it had foiled a terror plot to attack mass transit targets
in New York, including tunnels.

''We have disrupted a terrorist network that was in the planning stages of an
attack against the transportation system in the New York-New Jersey area,'' the
FBI said in a joint statement with the Department of Homeland Security.

Counter-terrorism officials told the New York Daily News the principal target
was the Holland Tunnel, the main road link between Manhattan and New Jersey that
runs under the Hudson River.

Representative Pete King, chairman of the House of Representatives homeland
security committee, suggested it was part of a series of planned attacks.

''There certainly are and have been serious plots against the New York City
transit system,'' King told CNN television.

King said federal and New York officials had been carrying on investigations for
nine or 10 months. Plans of ''very excruciating'' detail were involved.

Lebanon's interim Interior Minister, Ahmed Fatfat, said a Lebanese citizen had
been detained ''six weeks ago'' on suspicion of being ''the leader of a network
operating on the internet''.

According to the Daily News, the plot had received a pledge of financial support
and assistance from Jordanian associates of al-Qaida leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi
before he was killed by a US air strike in Iraq last month.

New York Senator Charles Schumer said the plot had been uncovered at a very
early stage and suggested the conspirators might not have posed a major threat.

''I don't think that these (plotters) were at the top of the list in terms of
ability,'' he said. ''But you take every one of these seriously.''

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SML


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            April 8, 1993, Thursday
                              Correction appended

Tour guide adopts monumental task Cemetery's admirer tends forgotten plot

BYLINE: By Thonnia Lee STAFF WRITERdeaths; memorials; facilities; maintenance

SECTION: LIVING; Section B; Page 1

LENGTH: 477 words


From the base of the 12-foot-high, 19th-century statue of mother and daughter
inside the historic Oakland Cemetery, Kevin Kuharic can see Atlanta's skyline
and MARTA trains running in and out of the King Memorial station.

"It's quite a contrast of time and style," said Mr. Kuharic, 27, who gives tours
at the 88-acre East Atlanta landmark. "It's amazing. You've got the black
section, the Jewish section, a Catholic section."

More than 42,000 graves lie inside the rustic brick walls. Mr. Kuharic, a
volunteer since 1989, strolls through the cemetery at least once a week,
discussing the people buried there, including 23 mayors, six former governors,
three Confederate generals and "Gone With the Wind" author Margaret Mitchell -
and the architecture that marks their graves.

In addition to giving tours, Mr. Kuharic participates in the cemetery's Adopt-a-
Plot program.

Volunteers make a two-year commitment to care for an abandoned plot. No fee is
involved, but volunteers provide all materials to care for the plot.

"Working at Oakland is my first volunteering experience," said the office
manager for the Terra Mater Salon in Decatur. "A friend of mine knew I was
really interested in Victorian cemeteries. We went out one day and I couldn't
believe my eyes."

When Mr. Kuharic, a native of South Bend, Ind., learned tour guides were needed,
he signed up. His interest in cemeteries comes from his family.

"All of my grandparents came in from Eastern Europe. . . . It was not uncommon
for my family to take a picnic basket to the cemetery."

While picnics are not as common at Oakland, clear days provide a nice backdrop
for joggers and art students toting sketch pads.

Tours of the cemetery are offered by Historic Oakland Cemetery Inc., a nonprofit
group that maintains the property.

"Crowds pick up when the weather gets warmer, but I've never been in that
cemetery when there isn't somebody walking through or driving through," he said.
"It's not a lonely place."

Mr. Kuharic adds a splash a color with flowering quince, pansies, marigolds or
zinnias on the plot he adopted. The flowers border the statue of a mother trying
to comfort her daughter.

The marble statue marks the grave of Mollie Neal, wife of Atlanta banker Thomas
Benjamin Neal. Mrs. Neal died of an intestinal ailment in 1894 at age 50. Her
only child, Emma Chandler, died of pneumonia in 1922.

"There are so many old Atlanta families here in town that have family buried out
at Oakland. And a lot of them aren't even aware they can take care of a family
plot," said Mr. Kuharic, who is considering starting a plot-caring business.
"I'm not dreaming of being an office manager. I'm dreaming of being directly
involved in helping restore cemeteries."

Historic Oakland Cemetery Inc. needs volunteers to give tours and participate in
the Adopt-a-Plot program. 688-2107.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931110125

CORRECTION-DATE: April 21, 1993



CORRECTION: IN ANOTHER THURSDAY ARTICLE, THE TOTALS GIVEN FOR THE NUMBER OF
MAYORS AND CONFEDERATE GENERALS BURIED IN OAKLAND CEMETERY WERE INCORRECT.
TWENTY-FOUR MAYORS AND FIVE GENERALS ARE BURIED IN THE HISTORIC CEMETERY, WHICH
IS OWNED AND OPERATED BY THE CITY OF ATLANTA.
CORRECTION, THE ATLANTA CONSITUTION AND JOURNAL, 930408, PAGE A/02:

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Kevin Kuharic stands by the Victorian statue at the Neal
family plot he "adopted" to maintain in Oakland Cemetery. /WALTER
STRICKLIN/Staff

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            April 14, 2010 Wednesday

Fourth bomb plot arrest

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 233 words


WASHINGTON - A fourth suspect in a disrupted plot to bomb New York City subways
has been arrested in Pakistan.

The principal suspect, Najibullah Zazi, has pleaded guilty and is co-operating
with investigators, key developments that prosecutors hope will help them trace
the plot back to its roots in Pakistan, where Zazi and former high school
friends allegedly travelled in 2008 to seek terror training.

After returning to the United States, the plotters allegedly hoped to detonate
bombs on trains at two of the city's biggest subway stations: Times Square and
Grand Central Terminal, according to law enforcement officials.

Zazi, a Colorado airport van driver, admitted that he tested bomb-making
materials in Denver before driving to New York intending to attack the subway
system to avenge US military involvement in Afghanistan.

The two other men suspected of direct roles in the plot, Adis Medunjanin and
Zarein Ahmedzay, have pleaded not guilty to charges.

Prosecutors say the attacks were modelled after the July 2005 bombings on the
London transit system. Four suicide bombers killed 52 people in an attack on
three subway trains and a bus in London.

The alleged New York plot was disrupted in early September when police officials
stopped Zazi's car as it entered New York.

Last month, an Afghanistan-born imam linked to the suspects pleaded guilty to
lying to the FBI when asked about the men.

- AP

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                           September 21, 2009 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Three men arrested in alleged U.S. terror plot

BYLINE: Alex Spillius, Daily Telegraph

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 356  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Three men of Afghan origin have been arrested in connection with an alleged plot
to launch a terrorist attack in the United States similar to the bombings in
London and Madrid.

The U.S. Justice Department said the FBI was also investigating other
individuals "in the United States, Pakistan and elsewhere, relating to a plot to
detonate improvised explosive devices in the United States," according to
statements filed to support the arrests.

Najibullah Zazi, 24, and his 53-year-old father, Mohammed, were arrested in
Denver late on Saturday after raids in New York and Denver.

Ahmad Wais Afzali, 37, also from Afghanistan, was later arrested in New York.
All three are legal permanent residents in the U.S.

"The arrests carried out tonight are part of an ongoing and fast-paced
investigation," said David Kris, the assistant attorney general for national
security.

"It is important to note that we have no specific information regarding the
timing, location or target of any planned attack."

The arrests were made after the three men allegedly gave false statements to the
FBI. Sources have said that information found on a laptop computer belonging to
Najibullah Zazi suggested that New York fashion week, the city's underground
rail system and Grand Central Station were all possible targets of the alleged
plot.

In supporting documents filed with the court, investigators say Zazi admitted to
FBI agents last week that in 2008 he received weapons and explosives training
from al-Qaida in the tribal areas of Pakistan.

Tougher security and the near absence of any radicalization in America's Muslim
communities have been cited as reasons that there have not been any terrorist
attacks on American soil since Sept. 11,2001. There have been only a handful of
reported plots, some of which have been highly amateurish ventures.

This alleged plot, however, may have been more serious. The authorities
reportedly found 14 new backpacks in several properties in New York, possibly
for use in carrying bombs.

The bombers in the 2004 and 2005 attacks on Madrid and London, respectively,
either carried their explosives in backpacks or left them on trains.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Marc Piscotty, Getty Images; Terror suspect Najibullah Zazi, 24, arrives
at the federal building in downtown Denver last Thursday. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                            December 14, 2012 Friday

Bieber target of plot: police; ? Alleged plot to kill Justin Bieber derailed by
trip to Canadian border: police

SECTION: CLASSIFIEDS; Pg. C10

LENGTH: 535 words


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. - A plot to kill Justin Bieber, allegedly masterminded by a
45-year-old prisoner obsessed with the young star, was derailed when the accused
would-be assassins accidentally ended up at the Canadian border, according to
court documents.

Dana Martin, serving two life sentences in a New Mexico prison for the killing
of a 15-year-old girl, told police he had hatched the scheme after Bieber never
returned messages he sent to the 18-year-old "Beauty and a Beat" singer.

Police recounted in an affidavit filed in a New Mexico court that Martin, who
has a tattoo of Bieber on his leg, told them the perceived slight was part of
what led him to dream up the alleged murder plot.

"In the end, what Mr. Martin stated he was seeking was a measure of notoriety so
that there would be people outside of prison who would know who he (Mr. Martin)
was," police wrote in the affidavit.

Bieber was not the only target in the alleged conspiracy - police allege two men
Martin hired were also told to kill Bieber's bodyguard and two people
unconnected to the star - but he was the main one, investigators allege.

The men Martin allegedly had carrying out his plot were to use pruning shears to
cut off the testicles of the first two victims in Vermont and kill them, then
travel to New York, kill the bodyguard and abduct and kill Bieber, Martin told
police.

There are no details in the affidavit of how the men, a recently released ex-con
and his nephew, were to carry out the murder of one of the biggest stars in the
world. But a celebrity security expert suggested Bieber would likely have more
than one layer of protection.

"Somebody of his stature will never ever be travelling with just one bodyguard,"
said Adrianne Fekete-Romanick, director and owner of Star Quality Enterprises.

"People that do executive protection for celebrities or people with celebrity
status are always on, basically, alert."

It's not known how much detail the members of the alleged plot knew about
Bieber's security detail.

But Martin said he drew Mark Staake, 41, into his plot when they met in prison
this year by telling Staake that he had access to a lot of money, had a
multimillion-dollar family farm in Vermont that could serve as a hide-out and
had connections in a Chinese gang in New York.

Staake brought his 23-year-old nephew, Tanner D. Ruane - his "right-hand man" -
into the scheme, Martin told investigators.

Staake was released on probation at the end of October and started to track
Bieber's whereabouts, Martin said. The murder was to take place in New York at
the end of November, according to the affidavit, which was when Bieber was in
the city to give a concert.

The uncle and nephew team arrived in Vermont on Nov. 19, but on the highway they
realized they were headed to the Canadian border, according to the affidavit.
They missed the last exit before the border and turned around to join the cars
entering the Highgate Springs, Vt., point of entry, police said.

The U.S. border agent found Staake had an outstanding probation violation
warrant from New Mexico and he was arrested.

Martin and Ruane spoke on the phone later that day, and when Ruane told Martin
that Staake had been arrested, Martin called off the plot.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                          September 10, 2008 Wednesday

How might climate change affect native grasslands?

BYLINE: Michelle Dynes

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Main; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 526 words


Researchers have organized a project to get answers.

By Michelle Dynes

mdynes@wyomingnews.com

CHEYENNE - Ten miles west of Cheyenne, carbon-dioxide levels are nearly twice as
high as they are in the city.

Well, at least in some test plots at the High Plains Grasslands Research
Station.

Thirty plots of native grasslands are part of an experiment to determine how
local prairies could react to climate change. The results could shape
congressional policy decisions, as well as rangeland management in the Rocky
Mountain region.

Wyoming's semi-arid landscape also is a good place to start, since grasslands
cover more than 40 percent of the Earth's surface.

"What makes it tricky is that weather and climate, by nature, are variable,"
said project leader and plant physiologist Dr. Jack Morgan from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture. "You look out at this field, and there are probably
100 different plant species. To predict which ones will be the winners and
losers is difficult."

Experts know that the environment changes when a rancher puts cattle out to
graze. What they don't know is how climate change will impact the animals'
preferred meals or the invasive weeds that share the same space. Wyoming and
southern New Mexico share similar precipitation levels, but dissimilar
temperatures shape the scenery within each state.

"Ranchers stock grasslands according to how much forage is available when," he
added.

Ecologists, plant physiologists and soil scientists at the High Plains
Grasslands Research Station are comparing the effects of elevated levels of
carbon dioxide, temperature and rainfall on spring and summer plant species.
Morgan said the 2 -year-old project is a collaborative effort between the USDA,
the University of Wyoming and Colorado State University.

Rings of pipe corral each site above ground, while a thin layer of plastic
carves through the soil two feet down. Some of the rings "hiss" with the
constant release of carbon dioxide. Infrared heaters hang over other locations
to simulate a planet that is a few degrees hotter than it is today.

He said cool-season plants like western wheatgrass seem to thrive with
additional carbon dioxide. But warm-season species such as the blue gramma are
better at adapting to the extra heat. The challenge for scientists is to
determine the overall result of the combination of factors.

Morgan said the experiment is only one of a handful worldwide that evaluates
more than one feature of climate change. Part of the reason is time. It takes
several years to accumulate solid data. Another problem is the cost. He said it
takes $250,000 each year to run the carbon dioxide and heating equipment.

High-tech cameras also are used to gauge the topsoil and root system changes
under each scenario, said Dan LeCain, site field manager and plant physiologist
with the USDA. He added that 80 percent of a grasslands ecosystem is located
underground, making root depth an important factor to consider.

But if Wyoming's researchers know the impacts of climate change on one
grasslands environment, they will have a pretty good idea how global warming
could impact similar ecosystems across the globe, he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Biological science technician Melissa Reyes places a grid on a test
plot at the High Plains Grasslands Research Station west of Cheyenne on Tuesday.
Scientists and grad students from the University of Wyoming and Colorado State
University are currently in a five-year study at the station to determine the
effects of simulated global warming conditions on various plant species. Larry
Brinlee/staff Post research associate Feike Dijkstra monitors trace gasses being
generated at a test plot on the High Plains Grasslands Research Station west of
Cheyenne on Tuesday. Larry Brinlee/staff

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                            July 11, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

FBI feared cotroni hit; Mob Boss was investigated for alleged plot to
assassinate chief justice of top U.S. court

BYLINE: PAUL CHERRY, The Gazette

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1004  words


Montreal mob boss Frank Cotroni and high-ranking U.S. mobsters were once
investigated for an alleged plot to assassinate the top judge in the United
States, according to newly released FBI documents.

The investigation into the alleged plot to assassinate Chief Justice Warren
Burger of the U.S. Supreme Court began in December 1981 after an informant came
forward with details of a jailhouse plot. It ended 15 months later with no
charges being laid.

Instead, the Federal Bureau of Investigation sent agents to warn the heads of
U.S. Mafia families that any attempt to assassinate Burger "would be responded
to with the full force and resources of the (Department) of Justice and the
FBI."

The documents were obtained by The Gazette through the U.S. Freedom of
Information Act.

Access to Cotroni's FBI record was requested after he died of cancer on Aug. 17,
2004, at age 72. He was one of three brothers who controlled illegal rackets in
Montreal for decades while operating as a branch office for the Bonanno crime
family in New York. Cotroni spent most of his adult life behind bars, serving
time in Canada and the United States.

In April 1979, after serving four years of a 15-year sentence for cocaine
trafficking, Cotroni was paroled and released from a U.S. federal penitentiary
in Lewisburg, Pa. Two years later, the informant, who apparently served time at
Lewisburg with the Montreal mobster, told the FBI that Cotroni and other Mafiosi
had discussed killing Burger and a U.S. District Court judge based in New
Jersey.

The earliest reference to the FBI investigation among the documents is a
"priority" teletype communique warning of the alleged plot. It was sent on Dec.
18, 1981, from an FBI field office in Seattle to the bureau's director and five
of its offices on the East Coast.

The message concluded with a plan to advise Burger of the suspected plot and to
pursue leads "on a very discreet basis" by investigating the suspects'
backgrounds.

The FBI documents reveal no motive for the alleged plot. But as the top U.S.
judge, Burger might have been considered as a target as a means to intimidate
that country's justice system.

As chief justice from 1969 to 1986, Burger presided over high-profile Supreme
Court decisions, including one that eventually led to U.S. President Richard
Nixon's resignation in 1974.

The top court's ruling forced Nixon to turn over White House tape recordings for
use in the Watergate investigations.

Cotroni, described in the FBI documents as "the boss of the Montreal (La Cosa
Nostra) family and an associate of the Bonanno LCN family," is listed as a
suspect throughout the investigation.

Phil Rastelli, head of the Bonanno crime family in New York until he died in
1991, and Joseph Gambino, a captain (or capo) in the Gambino crime family, are
also listed as suspects.

Rastelli was serving a 10-year sentence for racketeering at Lewisburg at the
time; Gambino was doing time for tax evasion.

On April 22, 1982, Anthony Provenzano, a captain in the Genovese crime family of
New York, was added as a suspect in the plot. Provenzano died in 1988. The names
of three other people have been blotted out on the copies of the documents
supplied by the FBI, presumably because they are still alive.

Dozens of messages concerning the alleged plot were sent among FBI offices
during the investigation.

Agents tried to figure out how to investigate the plot while most of the
suspects were still behind bars. The penitentiary in Lewisburg had no private
rooms where investigators could discreetly interview suspects without other
inmates noticing.

Cotroni was back in Montreal at that point, but the documents indicate the FBI
had not planned to question him. One possible reason was that by February 1982
the FBI was, for the second time, investigating a drug-smuggling operation
headed by Cotroni.

He had arranged for a large quantity of heroin to be shipped from Milan to
Halifax in containers packed with furniture and antique French lamps.

The assassination plot investigation was further frustrated by a reluctance on
the part of the U.S. district attorney's office in Seattle to let the informant
be interviewed by FBI agents.

One investigator summarized the situation as follows: The "source is not aware
of anyone other than himself who is aware of the discussions by subjects and
believes open investigation would place him in serious jeopardy. Seattle office
recommends no direct contact by bureau agents be made with any of the subjects."

The informant was looking to lighten his sentence in exchange for information.
But FBI agents raised questions about his credibility, as he denied being
involved in crimes the FBI was certain he had participated in.

Facing hurdles that prevented it from pushing the investigation further, the FBI
decided the best way to proceed was to warn some of the suspects and the heads
of most of the Mafia families in the eastern United States that investigators
were aware of the assassination plot.

On June 24, 1982, FBI agents arranged to meet with John LaRocca, the long-time
boss of a mob family based in Pittsburgh. An FBI agent who summarized the
meeting wrote that LaRocca was "appraised of the fact the bureau was aware of
assassination plots being formulated against U.S. judges. LaRocca denied any
knowledge of these assassination plots. LaRocca was informed by bureau agents
that if any assassination or an attempt of an assassination took place, the FBI
would respond with all its resources."

Six days later, the FBI interviewed Rastelli inside the Lewisburg penitentiary.
He was given the same warning.

Gambino refused to talk to the FBI while at Lewisburg.

The FBI passed on similar warnings to the heads of other Mafia families in New
York, New Jersey, Philadelphia and Buffalo, N.Y. All denied knowledge of the
plot.

Eventually, agents brought what little information they had to a prosecutor, who
decided no charges could be laid. The investigation ended quietly on March 18,
1983, in a letter sent to the director of the FBI.

pcherry@thegazette.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: LEN SIDAWAY, GAZETTE FILE; Frank Cotroni (left) arrives at Dorval
airport in 1979 after being released from a penitentiary in Lewisburg, Pa.,
where, it was alleged, he and other mobsters plotted to kill two U.S. judges,
including Warren Burger. ;
Photo: GAZETTE FILE; Cotroni with police in 1967. A 16-metre tunnel, which came
within centimetres of the vaults of the City and District Savings Bank at 5169
Decarie Blvd., was discovered under Cotroni's Trans Island Ave. home. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Massachusetts: Community Garden Meeting

LENGTH: 231 words

DATELINE: Lahore



  Boston:  The Town of Sudbury, The State of Massachusetts has issued the
following news release:



 This is an invitation for gardeners who would like to grow vegetables and
flowers this summer in a sunny location with rich soil - Sudbury's Lincoln
Meadows. Garden plots at Lincoln Meadows, located on Lincoln Road, Sudbury, at
the base of the Sudbury Valley Trustees' scenic Round Hill are available through
the Sudbury Conservation Commission. Plots may be rented by residents of
neighboring towns as well!





 Each 30' x 30' plot costs $20.00 to cover plowing, manure, staking and other
incidental expenses. Plots for organic and inorganic gardening. There is plenty
of off road parking for gardeners by the entry through the gate next to the
small Lincoln Meadows parking lot. A kiosk with a posted plot map provides
guidance to the area and a hand pump provides water into early summer.

 Garden plots are open to planting once the field is plowed and the plots staked
and numbered. The fields are generally ready by mid to late May, weather
permitting. An informational meeting will be held on Thursday April 14th from
7:30 to 8:30 pm at the DPW Conservation Commission on Old Lancaster Rd. Plots
will be available to the public on a first come, first served basis on April 21.




  In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              April 4, 2010 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Last One Standing Is Keeper of the Plot

BYLINE: By MICHAEL WINERIP

SECTION: Section ST; Column 0; Style Desk; GENERATION B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1233 words


FARMINGDALE, N.Y.

IF you live long enough, there comes a time when you look around and realize
that the older generation has died off, that you have become the older
generation and that even though you want no part of it, even though you'd prefer
to continue on as the eternal child, you can't. Your parents, your aunties, your
uncles are all gone. And so, suddenly, there are certain matters that fall to
you as the responsible adult.

Like the family burial plot.

''I can't believe this is my problem now,'' said Marian Schwager. A few years
ago, Ms. Schwager, 63, buried her father, Edward Schwager (1913-2007), beside
her mother, Beatrice Schwager (1916-2000), here at Wellwood Cemetery on Long
Island and assumed she'd never be back.

''I was very close to my dad, I think about him every day, but I don't need to
visit his grave, I carry him here,''  Ms. Schwager said, tapping her heart.

She has no other Long Island connection; for 40 years she's lived in suburban
Albany. She grew up in New Jersey.

It was her grandmother, now long deceased,  who bought the eight-grave plot in
1946, thinking that lush, green, rural Long Island was the perfect setting for
the Silvers, Blooms and Schwagers to spend eternity.

''She felt the family would be happily interred together forever,'' said Ms.
Schwager during a recent visit to the plot. Her voice at times was hard to hear,
as 18-wheelers roared by on the highway that now borders the cemetery on the
west, and planes from nearby Republic Airport buzzed overhead. Steam spewed from
smokestacks at the landfill on the cemetery's eastern border.

Little has worked out as envisioned. Though lots of Silvers, Blooms and
Schwagers have since died, three of the eight graves remain vacant, in part
because the grandmother and her daughters-in-law did not get along.

''Aunt Janet wanted no part of this place,''  Ms. Schwager said.  ''She had her
ashes scattered over Cape Cod Bay.''

Ms. Schwager's own family refuses to spend eternity here. Wellwood is a Jewish
cemetery and her husband is a Lutheran from North Dakota.  When she tries to
talk to her two grown sons, their eyes glaze over.

''Their attitude is, 'Talk to me in 20 years, Mom,' ''  Ms. Schwager said. ''I
understand. That used to be my attitude.''

And even though Ms. Schwager worries that her family plot looks shabby and she
frets over whether to buy  the $16,000 eternal maintenance package along with a
$1,650 shrub package, she, too, has decided not to be buried here. Her brief
stint overseeing the family plot has soured her on cemetery life and she now
signs her correspondence, ''yours in cremation.''

The first hint of trouble came shortly after her father's burial three years
ago: a $52 bill for annual maintenance of his grave. Ms. Schwager was a top
staff member  with the New York State Office of Mental Health before retiring,
and though she has a penchant for bringing order to things, she could not
understand cemetery policies.

Why was she getting a bill to maintain her father's grave and not her mother's?
If she paid, would they mow her dad but not her mom? And what about the rest of
the family plot? Had any of them purchased eternal maintenance? Many nearby
plots were covered with lush shrubs; why did the Silver-Bloom-Schwager plot have
just one bush, by her uncle Eddie Bloom (1922-1968)?

Ms. Schwager, an only child, wished she'd discussed these questions with her
father while he was alive. Now, she feared that if she asked cemetery officials,
she'd open a Pandora's Box.

''I feel like they finally found a live body, maybe they'd want to send me bills
for all eight plots,'' she said.

For the next two years, she laid low and paid the $52 annual fee.

Then last October, she visited the cemetery to check on the grave marker she'd
bought for her dad, and became upset. The only plot she was paying maintenance
on, his, actually looked the worst.

''There was a muddy bare spot in the middle with no grass,'' she said.

So she called the cemetery and asked if any of the eight plots had eternal
maintenance and was told no, but it could be bought for $2,000 a grave. A
three-shrub package was $275 and it would take six packages to fill the family
plot. An engraved stone bench, for peacefully contemplating death, was another
$2,000.

Ms. Schwager, wondering if some distant relative might be taking care of the
other graves in the plot, asked a cemetery clerk if there was a contact person
listed, and was told it was Janet Bloom.

''My legs started shaking and I got off the phone fast,''  Ms. Schwager said.
Janet Bloom was the Aunt Janet who'd been scattered over Cape Cod Bay several
years ago.

Ms. Schwager was truly in this alone.

''I envisioned a scofflaw world of cemetery delinquency,'' she said. Though she
wasn't religious and favored cremation, this is still her family. ''If I don't
do anything, I worry the place will look crappy for eternity,'' she said.

On the other hand, she knew if she spent $20,000 on that plot, her father would
roll over in his Wellwood grave. ''Dad would say: 'Don't you dare. Use the money
for the grandchildren.' ''

The more Ms. Schwager mulled these things, the less she knew what to do. Then
last week, determined to make up her mind, she made a final visit here. Once,
again, her father's plot was in the worst shape, despite the $52 paid
maintenance.

''I should just forget it,'' she said. ''No one else cares about this except the
dead, and I don't think they'd care.''

And yet, at another point, she placed a rock on her father's headstone,
explaining that it was the way Jews showed they remembered their loved ones. She
asked that a reporter step away, so she could be alone with her father. ''This
is very emotional for me,'' she said.

She gazed to the east, at the Barr-Erdman plot, which was landscaped with lush,
yellow-topped  yews. Even on this gray day, with steam rising from the landfill,
she thought  that the yellow shrubs gave a sunny feeling. ''Maybe I should
shrubafy,'' she said.

After speaking to cemetery officials, she concluded she wasn't a scofflaw. She
asked the clerk to check the file and tell her who was legally responsible.

''The clerk said it was my Uncles Bernie, Eddie and my mom, Beatrice. I said:
'They're all dead. They can't be responsible.' She said, 'We have no proof of
that.' I said, 'Beatrice and Eddie are buried in the plot.' She said, 'What
about Bernie?' Bernie's buried in Massachusetts. She said she couldn't change it
without an attestation on file that they are no longer responsible.''

Ms. Schwager was relieved, although she still didn't understand what her $52 was
paying for. So a few days later, I called the cemetery and spoke to a clerk
named Leslie (who wouldn't give his last name). I asked why all eight plots had
been mowed, when only one was covered by a maintenance fee. He said mowing comes
under general maintenance.

So what does the $52 pay for?

''That's to take care of the shrubbery on her father's grave,'' he said.

There is no shrubbery on her father's grave.

''Our records show there is,''  Leslie said. ''We'll have to check into that.''

I relayed this to Ms. Schwager, who said, ''My husband's theory is they're
making it up as they go along.'' Still, when asked if she had decided what to
do, she said: ''I thought I'd know by now, but I don't. I'm really torn over
this.''

E-mail: generationb@nytimes.com

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY ROB BENNETT FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              July 3, 2015 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

New plots tied to elusive jihadi

BYLINE: LIBOR JANY; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 817 words



HIGHLIGHT: Former Minneapolis student who left U.S. in 2008 urges terror
attacks, then vanishes.


Mohamed Abdullahi Hassan, the former Minneapolis high school
student-turned-jihadi recruiter, has been tied to at least two more terror plots
within the United States.

Hassan, who goes by Mujahid Miski online, traded tweets with a Rhode Island man
now facing federal terrorism charges for his role in an alleged plot to kill
police officers, according to security analysts. Hassan is also thought to have
been in contact with a New York City college student who federal investigators
say was intent on bombing local landmarks. Both suspected plots were foiled by
authorities.

Earlier this year, Hassan was accused of influencing a gunman who tried to
ambush a cartoon contest in Texas that was to feature depictions of the prophet
Mohammed. The gunman and an accomplice were killed.

In the New York case, Hassan reportedly contacted Munther Omar Saleh, a college
student, who on June 13 was arrested after he and an unidentified cohort ran
toward an undercover law enforcement car that was tailing them near the
Whitestone Bridge in New York City, according to security analysts. Authorities
say that the two men were plotting to plant bombs at famous sites across the
city.

Hassan also reportedly communicated online with Nicholas Rovinski in the months
before the Rhode Island man was arrested for his role in an alleged plot to kill
police officers and behead a blogger, analysts say.

Sometime after Rovinski's arrest, Hassan stopped tweeting, leaving security
analysts and loyalists of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL)
wondering the same thing: Where is he?

"I think Miski [Hassan] was obviously Exhibit A of these guys that would misuse
Twitter and would keep coming back and keep resurfacing," said Mark D. Wallace,
chief executive of Counter Extremism Project, a group which tracks the funding
of jihadi groups like ISIL. His disappearance from Twitter is "effectively
taking a weapon off the field for extremists because he'd effectively weaponized
Twitter."

Wallace said that Hassan has "gone dark" before, abandoning Twitter for long
stretches, and that any speculation about his death or capture is premature.

Still, a tweet posted earlier this week on a since-deleted account belonging to
an ISIL loyalist appeared to shed light on Hassan. The tweet read: "Still cant
get access to other friends heard some of them got martyrdom & some become
prisoners. #MujahidMiski #AbuMohammad #Mutawakil."

Few people outside intelligence circles had heard of Hassan before May, when he
was identified as a strong influence on Elton Simpson, a Phoenix man who, along
with a second gunman, opened fire outside the cartoon contest in the Dallas
suburb of Garland, Texas.

A series of tweets between Hassan and Simpson, over the span of several months,
illuminated the challenges facing U.S. intelligence officials seeking to keep up
with jihadi recruiters online, an exercise that some analysts likened to a game
of Whac-A-Mole.

Twitter has suspended thousands of accounts affiliated with extremist groups,
only to have the same users start a new profile under a different handle.

Hassan, who has been connected to a group of Twin Cities men recently accused of
trying to join ISIL, was among the second wave of Twin Cities men of East
African descent who left the country in 2008 to join the Islamic extremist group
Al-Shabab.

He was indicted the following year for conspiracy to support terrorism and added
to the FBI's list of most-wanted terrorists.

Speaking before the House subcommittee on terrorism earlier this year, Wallace
referred to Hassan as "not only one of the most influential jihadis using
Twitter to spread propaganda and recruit, he has also been responsible for
tweeting some of the most heinous, violent content we've seen."

Before going silent on Twitter two months ago, Hassan boasted that his account
had been suspended more than 30 times.

Ben Petok, a spokesman for the U.S. attorney's office, declined to comment
Thursday on Hassan's activities.

When Hassan left Minneapolis he was in his senior year at Roosevelt High School.
After boarding a flight from Minneapolis to Charlotte, N.C., he eventually made
his way to Somalia, where he joined other fighters with the State
Department-designated terrorist group, court documents say.

Hassan was thought to have been killed in Mogadishu, according to a 2009 House
report.

Not all security experts are convinced of Hassan's new role in ISIL's propaganda
machine.

"I think it's similar to the Lakers: next man up. You know, if Kobe [Bryant]
goes down, somebody else will step up," said Colin Clarke, a political scientist
at the RAND Corp., a nonprofit research group that focuses on security issues.

"You know they may not be as talented, but they will step in for him,'' Clarke
added. "I think that's one of the things that makes (ISIL) so successful:
because it's got probably hundreds of Miskis."

Libor Jany · 612-673-4064 Twitter:@StribJany

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                             March 15, 2015 Sunday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Plotting food plantings begins now

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 688 words


For outdoors folk, the cold-weather season is winding down and the planting
seasons are nearly here, despite snow mounds and ice coatings currently in view.

Seed planters vary in their approaches, but two Western New Yorkers provide
insights, product and even various kinds of field services to help landowners
and managers get the right starts and most productive outcomes for their green
growths.

East Aurora-based Paul Cwiklinski has been involved with food-plot planning and
plotting some 26 years, efforts aimed at attracting good game species. He
specializes in managing properties of all sizes to attract sizeable deer, turkey
and other wildlife.

Cwiklinski has done consulting work around Western New York and in nearby states
for properties with the largest of acreage to land areas of less than 20 acres.
He has amassed a gallery of trophy whitetails, mostly taken on his 13-acre plot,
during his 53 years of hunting record-sized deer.

He has given many talks as a rep for Whitetails Food Plots USA, most recently at
the Archery Trade Association Show and the Dallas Safari Club Convention.

Despite the heavy snow, or possibly as a positive result of this winter's
severity, he said confidently, "This is going to be a great year for food plots
."

He made this prediction while announcing a new line of Whitetail Food Plots USA
forage seed available on or about April 1. This new line of basic seeds, mixes
and blends are all designed for planting in and around Western New York.

He manages food plots in the area and has done consulting work and is setting up
projects for work in Connecticut, Vermont and Virginia, with prospects for some
European contacts in the future.

Along with providing product, he has also written a field guide "Food Plotting
for (Sm)All Acreage" ($20, including shipping and handling), which illustrates
and describes many of the tips and tricks he shares during seminars and while
doing field consulting work.

His next speaking engagement will be at Arthur's True Value Hardware in Orchard
Park at 8:30 a.m. April 4. The talk is free but seating is limited. To make
reservations, call 662-2155. He then gives a talk at the Marilla First Baptist
Church Game Dinner, which starts at 5:30 p.m. April 16. Check with the church
for reservations at 652-7429.

Cwiklinski is available for seminar presentations as well as field-consultant
work by appointment. For details, call 796-4820.

Steve McIntyre of Wolcottsville is a down-to-earth field worker when it comes to
food-plot projects.

"I not only sell seeds, I'll go in the field and do plowing or tilling, whatever
it takes to get a plot started and growing right," McIntyre said of his work.

A dealer for Buck Forage, McIntyre specializes in a Buck Forage Oats blend that
can go in any time of the planting year. "It's best in the fall, because it
offers some fall feed, a cover crop through the winter and then growth in the
spring," he said of the mix.

As a manager of his own and nearby lands, he has done Quality Deer Management
Association-style hunting, passing on one buck three years before taking a
trophy. "I must have passed on 20 bucks before I got this one," he said of a
Pope & Young-scored buck he took with his bow; that antler mass scored a total
of 117.

McIntyre can travel to land sites to do consulting and field work all around
Western New York. For more details, visit buckforage.com or check with him
directly at 735-5713.

Soil setup

Cornell Cooperative Extension of Erie County can help beginning and newer food-
plot planters to properly ready soil for the start of spring planting.A "Soils
101 for Beginning Farmers" program will be presented at 6 p.m. Thursday in the
extension's auditorium at 21 S. Grove St. in East Aurora.Carol MacNeil, a
vegetable specialist, will share tips and tricks about soil health, reading soil
tests, applying fertilizer and other growing needs.

Allen Young, Erie County Soil and Waters Conservation district technician, will
explain tillage and no-till practices and soil-erosion basics.

For more details on this presentation, check with Megan Burley at 652-5400, ext.
138.

email: odrswill@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            November 9, 2010 Tuesday

SC directs W Bengal Govt to furnish norms of Salt Lake plot allotoment

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Nov. 9 -- The West Bengal Government's policy to dole out prime plots
in posh Salt Lake City to sportspersons, judges and bureaucrats from the Chief
Minister's discretionary quota has attracted judicial scrutiny.

On Monday, the Supreme Court directed the State Government to furnish guidelines
or norms laid down for allotment of plots under the discretionary quota. The
Bench of Chief Justice SH Kapadia, Justices KS Radhakrishnan and Swatanter Kumar
demanded the information to be furnished in four weeks along with a list of
plots which are yet not allotted.

The Court was acting on a PIL filed by advocate Joydeep Mukherjee who raised a
stink on the prevailing practice of the state government to allot prime plots to
persons considered close to the Government machinery. In this regard, the Apex
Court in November 2004 had laid down some norms for allotment of plots that
included publicity of vacant plots, inviting bids and selling at prevailing
market price. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           November 30, 2010 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

The terror suspect next door

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 355 words


The plot to bomb a crowded Christmas tree lighting ceremony in Portland, Ore.,
underscores some of the truths about terrorism that often pass with too little
notice. It's not always the work of far-off enemies. A terrorist can be the
college student next door. It's not confined to the nation's iconic cities.
Plots have been broken up in Columbus, Ohio, Springfield, Ill., and now
Portland. Most important, it's not beyond the ability of law enforcement to
infiltrate such plots. Thanksgiving has passed, but for this the nation should
be thankful.

Twice in the past year, tragedy was avoided more through good luck than good
intelligence work. Last Christmas, airline passengers stopped the "underwear
bomber" in the act of trying to blow up a Detroit-bound plane after he slipped
through embarrassing gaps in U.S. security. Similarly, in May, street vendors
spotted smoke coming out of a car in New York's crowded Times Square and alerted
police.

On Friday, things went more as Americans hope they would. Mohamed Osman Mohamud,
19, who was arraigned Monday, was arrested after authorities said he tried to
remotely detonate what he thought were explosives in a van parked near the
lighting ceremony. It was an inert device, part of an elaborate FBI sting.
Authorities had been tracking Mohamud, a naturalized U.S. citizen, since at
least August 2009, when he communicated with a man overseas described as a
terrorist recruiter.

Since 9/11, terrorists have tried to attack the U.S. at the rate of about once
every five months, and a long list of plots have failed. That's the result of
inept plotters, good police work and increased public vigilance.

The threat from al-Qaeda and other foes has not disappeared. If anything, it has
morphed and now comes largely from self-radicalized individuals in our midst.
Who would have suspected that Mohamud -- an Oregon State University student, a
fan of the Portland Trail Blazers and hip-hop -- allegedly wanted to blow up
families attending a festive holiday event?

In our open society, someday a plot will succeed. That is not a reason to be
frightened. It is a reason to avoid complacency.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             June 8, 2000, Thursday

PLOT SUSPECT: I'M A PAL, NOT BOMBER

BYLINE: BY GREG B. SMITH DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 487 words

A Brooklyn man at the center of an international New Year's Eve bomb plot says
he is a victim of a federal witch hunt that has kept him behind bars for five
months.

In his first interview since his Dec. 30 arrest, Abdel Ghani Meskini told the
Daily News that he knew nothing of the alleged plot to bomb millennium
celebrations.

"Everything I was taught about my religion, my family" goes against a terrorist
act, Meskini said from his lower Manhattan cell.

Federal prosecutors have portrayed Meskini as a member of an Algerian terrorist
cell who went to Seattle to pick up Ahmed Ressam - a 32-year-old Algerian who,
according to prosecutors, Meskini knew was transporting explosives.

But before their intended rendezvous, Ressam was caught Dec. 14 at a
U.S.-Canadian border in Washington State. He was driving a rented Chrysler
loaded with highly volatile chemicals and crude timing devices.

In court papers released this week at The News' request, FBI agent Adam Cohen
said Meskini made a lengthy statement to agents after his arrest.

The papers show that prosecutors have three cooperating witnesses and hours of
secretly recorded conversations to use against him.

But the papers make clear that none of the witnesses or tapes directly
implicates Meskini in the bomb plot. At best, they show him making general
declarations of support for jihad, or holy war.

In interviews with The News, Meskini, 32, conceded that he intended to meet
Ressam in Seattle, but he insisted he knew nothing about explosives.

Meskini said he agreed to meet Ressam as a favor for a friend, Mokhtar Haouari,
who allegedly told him to give Ressam money and translate for him because Ressam
spoke no English.

Haouari, who since has been indicted in the bomb plot and may be extradited from
Montreal to New York, also asked Meskini to help Ressam "settle down" in
Seattle, Meskini said.

Although Meskini is now furious at Haouari, he said he will not testify against
him, as prosecutors are pressuring him to do.

"Mokhtar is a best friend of me, so he says, 'Do me a favor,' I do him a favor,"
Meskini said in English. "I try to help people, and look what happens."

At another point, Meskini, who is being held in the Metropolitan Correctional
Center, said he would be willing to take a polygraph test.

"I told my lawyer, 'Ask me if I knew what [Ressam] was going to do?' " he said.

Meskini says he is Moroccan-born and had worked as a chef in Boston, Montreal
and New York for six years before his arrest, though he holds an architecture
degree from the University of Science and Technology in Oran, Algeria.

He complained that most of his friends - and nearly anyone he has phoned since
Ressam was arrested - have been picked up by the FBI.

To date, nine of his friends and acquaintances have been taken into custody and
questioned about the scheme, according to Meskini and sources familiar with the
investigation.


LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                            June 15, 2016 Wednesday

Stop digging up your garden

BYLINE: By Joan Morris, jmorris@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Lifestyle; Home and Garden

LENGTH: 779 words


Want to save your aching back from double digging or rototilling in the garden?
Kevin Marini has a plan for you.

Marini, with the Placer-Nevada Master Gardeners, is a big proponent of no till
vegetable gardening.

Although it's not as simple as just sticking a plant in untouched earth, it's
fairly simple and doesn't involve backbreaking labor. Best of all, it's a great
way to produce healthy soil, improve the environment and grow an awesome,
sustainable garden.

Here are some tips on no till gardening:

Research has shown that soil has a wealth of active organisms and microorganisms
that shouldn't be disturbed by aggressive digging.

To get started, prepare your beds in the fall by digging up the bed lightly to
allow water and nutrients to permeate the ground, then put down a layer of
newspapers or cardboard. Next, create an in-bed compost pile, adding equal
amounts of browns and greens, up to 24 inches deep, and mixing them together.
Cover the bed with straw or something that will allow water and air to move
through the barrier, yet keep weed seeds from blowing in. Let the beds sit,
watering when necessary, throughout the fall and winter. In the spring, pull
back the covering and put in your plants.

The next fall, grow a cover crop in the bed and practice the chop-and-drop
method, cutting the plants at ground level and dropping the cut material in the
bed to decompose and feed the earth. Leave the roots in the ground -- they'll
decompose, too. You'll be ready to plant again in the spring.

To save yourself even more work, grow a cover crop that will be killed by colder
temperatures. Instead of having to chop and drop, nature will do the work for
you.

No till gardening is not fast gardening, Marini says. You need to be patient,
allowing the material to decompose and feed the soil.

Advantages

The first advantage, Marini says, is that you're saving your back. Tilling the
soil, either with a spade or a rototiller is exhausting.

It's important to maintain the soil ecology and the food web. Organisms and
microbes live in all layers of the soil, and they don't like to be moved around.
Letting them remain undisturbed so they can what they are intended to do,
produces the most healthy soil.

No till soils also have a greater ability to hold water and air.

Disadvantages

If you have a perennial weed problem, you'll need to tackle the weeds before
starting a no till bed.

Moles, voles and gophers also appreciate the no till garden because it will have
lots of food for them. Again, before starting, taking care of pest issues.

The bed will need watering during the winter in order for the compost to break
down and the microorganisms to thrive. If we have a dry winter, you'll need to
give the beds supplemental water.

No till beds, because they are protected by layers of mulch and compost, can
take a bit longer to warm up in the spring.

If you use cardboard as the base for your bed, you may attract termites, recent
studies are showing. The solution is to use newspaper.

Next time in the garden, vermicomposting with worms.

Our Garden

Our Garden offers free classes at 10 a.m. every Wednesday from April through
October. Master Gardeners are available to answer questions and a large
selection of seedling are available. All produce grown at the garden is donated
to the Monument Crisis Center in Concord. The garden is at Wiget Lane and
Shadelands Drive, Walnut Creek.


Garden class schedule

June 22: Vermicomposting, Master Gardener Linda Mizes
June 29: Irrigation with Steve Griffin
July 6: Closed for the holiday
July 13: Summer pruning of fruit trees, Master Gardener Helen Erickson
July 20: Rodent control, Master Gardener Steve Griffin
July 27: TBD
Aug. 3: Growing succulents, Ruth Bancroft Gardens curator Brian Kemble
Aug. 6: Saturday workshop, Rethinking Your Lawn
Aug. 10:Winter vegetable gardening, Master Gardener Janet Miller
Aug. 17: Fermenting and preserving, Master Gardener Susan Mossbacher
Aug. 24: What went wrong in my vegetable garden, Master Gardener Terri Lippert
Aug. 31: Compost tea, Placer County Master Gardener Kevin Marini
Sept. 3: Closed for the holiday
Sept. 7: Creating harmony in the garden, Garden Coach Patrice Hanlon
Sept. 10: Dry plant sale
Sept. 14: Building healthy soil with Master Gardener Steve Andrews
Sept. 21: Gardening the heugelkulture way
Sept. 28: Creating rain gardens, Master Gardener Roxy Wolosenko
Oct. 1: Saturday workshop, Creating Wildlife Habitat
Oct. 5: Growing cover crops, Master Gardener Janet Miller
Oct. 12: Growing citrus and avocados, Ed Laivo of Four Winds Nursery
Oct. 19: Growing roses from seed, horticulturist Kathy Echols
Oct. 26: Fall and winter care of fruit trees, Janet Caprile UC Cooperative
Extension farm advisor

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: San Ramon Parks and Recreation Department worker Michael Strickland
tills soil conditioner into one of three new gardening plots being prepared at
Crow Canyon Gardens , the northern community garden in the city of San Ramon,
Calif. on Tuesday, Jan 28, 2014. The three new plots will bring the total plots
to 56. The city charges residents $152 per season to rent the plots for hobbyist
gardeners. (Jim Stevens/Bay Area News Group)
San Ramon Parks and Recreation Department worker Michael Strickland tills soil
conditioner into one of three new gardening plots being prepared at Crow Canyon
Gardens , the northern community garden in the city of San Ramon, Calif. on
Tuesday, Jan 28, 2014. The three new plots will bring the total plots to 56. The
city charges residents $152 per season to rent the plots for hobbyist gardeners.
(Jim Stevens/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 25, 2011 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Not-Guilty Plea in Plot to Kill Saudi Ambassador to the U.S.

BYLINE: By BENJAMIN WEISER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 363 words


The Iranian-American man charged in a plot to kill the Saudi ambassador to the
United States pleaded not guilty on Monday before a federal judge in Manhattan.

The defendant, Mansour J. Arbabsiar, a used-car salesman from Corpus Christi,
Tex., has been accused of conspiring to hire assassins from a Mexican drug
cartel for $1.5 million to kill the ambassador, Adel al-Jubeir.

Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. has said that the plot had been ''directed
and approved by elements of the Iranian government and, specifically, senior
members of the Quds Force,'' part of Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps.

Federal prosecutors in Manhattan have said in court papers that Mr. Arbabsiar,
56, who was arrested on Sept. 29 at Kennedy International Airport, repeatedly
waived his rights to have a lawyer and to a speedy appearance in court. They
said he had ''confessed to his own role in the plot to kill the ambassador and
provided extremely valuable intelligence.''

Mr. Arbabsiar was not taken before a judge or given a lawyer until the day the
charges were announced publicly, on Oct. 11.

On Monday, the judge, John F. Keenan of Federal District Court, cited Mr.
Arbabsiar's alleged admissions as described in court papers, and suggested he
expected that the defense might file a motion related to that issue.

Mr. Arbabsiar's lawyer, Sabrina Shroff, acknowledged that she would be making
such a filing. She declined to comment after the hearing.

Judge Keenan also indicated that he wanted to set a relatively early trial date
for Mr. Arbabsiar, who faces charges including conspiring to murder a foreign
official, to commit an act of international terrorism and to use a weapon of
mass destruction.

A second man, Gholam Shakuri, has also been charged. Officials have described
him as a Quds Force officer who remains a fugitive.

The charges have further increased tensions between the United States and Iran,
with Iranian officials describing the case as a fabrication. Iranian news
reports have contended that Mr. Shakuri was actually a key member of an exiled
opposition group, an assertion American officials have denied. Mr. Arbabsiar is
next scheduled to appear in court in December.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                  May 14, 1984

MAERSK DATA USA, INC.;
MD-Plot

SECTION: SOFTWARE & SERVICES; Systems Software; Pg. 93

LENGTH: 153 words


Maersk Data USA, Inc. has announced MD-Plot, a software package that the company
said will allow IBM mainframe graphics users to access Hewlett-Packard Co.
plotters.

According to a spokesman, MD-Plot collects the output files from IBM's Graphic
Data Display Manager (GDDM) graphics system and converts them into HP plotting
commands.

The converted print file can be transferred to the plotter via a spool system.
All GDDM applications, including IBM's Chart Utility, Graphpak and Presentation
Graphics Facility, reportedly are compatible with MD-Plot.

The system is compatible with IBM 4300 and 30 sem-es mainframes and HP 7470A and
HP 7550A plotters.

Each plotter reportedly can be linked to the network of terminals via a protocol
converter. MD-Plot is said to be compatible with most IBM operating systems and
is priced at $4,000.

Maersk Data, Suite 3527, One World Trade Center, New York, N.Y. 10048.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 Computerworld, Inc.


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            April 23, 2014 Wednesday

N.C. prosecutor kidnap plot: Home attacks on justice officials on the upswing;
The alleged perpetrators nabbed the wrong person and traveled nearly halfway
across the US to the wrong town, an indictment states. But the episode reveals
soft spots in protection for judges and prosecutors, especially at their homes.

BYLINE: Patrik Jonsson Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 968 words


Part bumbling, part dead serious, the sprawling jailhouse plot to kidnap a North
Carolina prosecutor who put a seasoned gang member in prison for life has shaken
a US justice system already enduring a slew of deadly attacks.

A federal indictment released Tuesday details a complex plot said to be
orchestrated by Kelvin "Dizzy" Melton, a North Carolina prison inmate and
alleged higher-up in the Bloods street gang, to pay $10,000 to a group of
henchmen on the outside to kidnap and kill his defense attorney and the
prosecutor who put him in prison for a 2011 murder.

The plot led the group of nine accomplices first on a goose chase in March from
Atlanta to New Orleans, and then to the small town of Wake Forest, N.C., where
the group on April 5 grabbed Frank Janssen, the father of Wake County prosecutor
Colleen Janssen, after stun-gunning him on the threshold of his home. Ms.
Janssen, the actual target, was part of the team that put Mr. Melton away last
year.

Mr. Janssen was wrapped in blankets, put on the floor of a rental car, and
driven to Atlanta, where he was stashed in an apartment. The kidnapping sparked
a four-day manhunt. An FBI unit caught up with the gang after catching a few
breaks, including a fast-food receipt left at Janssen's home by the purported
kidnappers.

During the manhunt, kidnappers sent tormenting text messages to Janssen's
family, at one point threatening to hurt him and sending a picture of him tied
in a chair, according to the indictment. The kidnappers sent a message saying,
"Tomorrow we call you again an (sic) if you can not tell me where my things are
at tomorrow i will start torchering (sic)," it states. Authorities haven't said
what demands the kidnappers made.

Parts of the plot had an amateurish quality, including what ended up being
misleading Internet research that put the gang in New Orleans to find a defense
attorney who lived in North Carolina. That plot was called off, and US officials
say Melton then ordered the team to get Janssen instead.

US law enforcement is framing the plot as a serious situation that could have
ended in much greater tragedy. The foiled kidnapping also highlights weaknesses
in how the US protects judges and prosecutors, including the vulnerability of
their homes and the ability of imprisoned perpetrators to use cellphones to
rally associates to do their bidding.

"This deliberate attack on our judicial system cannot be tolerated," Thomas
Walker, US attorney for eastern North Carolina, said in a statement.

The number of attacks on justice employees in the US has jumped to 20 this
decade, compared with a total of 86 between 1950 and 2012. The trend was
highlighted early last year when two Texas prosecutors and a Colorado prison
official were murdered for revenge.

Unlike targeted killings by criminal cartels in Mexico, the attacks on justice
officials in the US are harder to explain in terms of motivations, says Glenn
McGovern, author of the recent study "Murdered Justice: An Exploratory Study of
Targeted Attacks on the Justice Community." According to Mr. McGovern's
research, the motive was revenge in two of three attacks.

"There is not ... a predominant criminal background of known offenders," wrote
McGovern, an investigator with the Santa Clara, Calif., Sheriff's Department, in
The Wall Street Journal last year. "The attacks have been committed by
murderers, fraudsters, sex offenders, gang members, white supremacists, civil
plaintiffs and even professional rivals, such as a rogue cop."

More immediately, the North Carolina kidnap plot has refocused attention on two
system weaknesses. First, Melton was able to use a rogue prison cellphone to
communicate with his accomplices on the outside, conducting a conference call at
one point to give everyone their assignments, and then even texting them to
direct the kidnapping after Mr. Janssen was grabbed, the indictment alleges.

"The case has raised questions about prisoners' access to mobile phones and
launched an investigation into the one that prosecutors contend was used to move
people from Georgia to Louisiana and North Carolina and back to Atlanta," writes
Anne Blythe, in the Raleigh News & Observer.

Second, the attack at the home is part of another trend, in which tighter
courthouse security has pushed more assailants to attack judges and prosecutors
at home. Since 2000, 62 percent of attacks on justice officials occurred at
home. Attacks on prosecutors and prison officials last year all happened as the
victims opened their front doors to answer a knock.

The challenge for US justice is to be vigilant about threats without adopting a
wholesale castle mentality, says McGovern. After all, of 5,250 threats
documented between 2003 and 2008, three resulted in attacks against a judge, a
prosecutor, or a police officer, according to a 2009 US Justice Department
report.

The North Carolina kidnapping allegedly began on April 3, when two women -
Dianna Daney Maynard and Patricia Ann Kramer - rented a car in Mableton, Ga.
According to the indictment, Melton had offered the women money to round up an
Atlanta crew to conduct the kidnappings. The women picked up two men and began
their drive to North Carolina. Via text, Melton told them to change into khaki
pants and collared shirts, which the crew bought at Wal-Mart. One of the women
approached Janssen's door carrying a clipboard. When he opened it, he was
attacked by accomplices, the indictment says.

Police are still searching for Ms. Kramer, who they said funded the kidnapping
attempts and did the Google research to try to pinpoint the homes targeted.

Besides Melton and Kramer, police have charged Michael Montreal Gooden, Ms.
Maynard, Jakym Camel Quantavious "Kirkwood Quan" Thompson, Clifton James
Roberts, Jenna Palin Martin, and Jevante Price with federal kidnapping charges.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           February 28, 2006, Tuesday

Local gardeners: It's time to get your piece of the park 225-plus plots
available

BYLINE: AILEEN HUMPHREYS

SECTION: A; Pg. 01

LENGTH: 474  words


Mike and Martha Emery live in a townhouse complex in East Lampeter Township with
a small yard, but each spring they expand their green space by 1,600 feet for a
mere $40. The Emerys rent two garden plots for $20 each in Lancaster County
Central Park, south of Lancaster city, where they grow sunflowers, tomatoes,
cucumbers, eggplants, onions and carrots - among other things. The land is
theirs for six months out of the year, from April 15 to Oct. 15. "I can't wait,"
said Mike of move-in day, when the couple will set up their garden for the sixth
year in a row.

Only about 75 plots of the more than 300 available in Central Park have been
spoken for. So far, only repeat renters have been allowed to sign up, but
Wednesday the remaining plots will become available to anyone willing and able
to dig in the dirt this summer. The cost of renting a plot for the entire season
is $16 for a 20-by-20-foot plot and $20 for a 20-by-40-foot plot. Some
gardeners, like the Emerys, rent adjacent plots, Lancaster County Department of
Parks and Recreation employee Deb Werner said. Many prime plots, those near the
spots marked "water" on the map, are still available, Werner said. Hoses are not
allowed, so gardeners must transport water to their plots. Organic plots, which
have been free of pesticides and herbicides for more than three years, also are
available. All plots - except the organic ones - are plowed once at the start of
the season by Parks and Recreation employees. For the first time this year,
gardening workshops will be held once a month during the season. The workshops,
from April to October, include: Basics of Gardening 1, Basics of Gardening 2,
Butterfly Gardening, Herb Gardening, Roses, Basic Container Gardening and Basic
Pruning. The workshops run from 7 to 8 p.m. in the Environmental Center in
County Park. They are free for those renting a plot and $1 each for everyone
else. Mike, a geographic information system analyst for the county, said he
never thought of himself as a gardener. "Now we're really into it," he said - to
the tune of $50 to $60 worth of seeds a year. "We actually buy books on it now,"
he said. The Emerys' garden is so productive they give away half to two-thirds
of the food. They still have butternut squash in their kitchen from last year's
bounty. Gardening amidst other green thumbs allows the Emerys to find new ideas
and meet new people. "It's awesome," Mike said. Jim Hackett, executive director
of Lancaster County Department of Parks and Recreation, said the renters seem to
be in their element with their flowers and vegetables. "They're in heaven - you
know?" he said. For more information or to rent a garden plot, visit the park
office in County Park, located off Chesapeake Street, Monday to Friday from 8:30
a.m. to 5 p.m., or call 299-8215. Plots are available to rent Wednesday.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 30, 2002 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Mueller: Clues Might Have Led To Sept. 11 Plot;
New Memo Details FBI Pilot's Warning

BYLINE: Dan Eggen and Susan Schmidt, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1324 words


The FBI's embattled director acknowledged for the first time yesterday that
investigators might have been able to uncover part of the Sept. 11 plot if the
FBI had properly put together all the clues in the possession of the bureau and
other agencies.

FBI Director Robert S. Mueller III told reporters that the Minnesota arrest of
alleged Sept. 11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui and warnings from a Phoenix FBI
agent about terrorists at aviation schools would not, on their own, have led
investigators to the Sept. 11 plot.

But if the FBI had connected those two cases with other evidence that Osama bin
Laden's al Qaeda terrorist network was keenly interested in aviation, Mueller
said, "who is to say" what could have been discovered.

"I can't say for sure that there wasn't the possibility that we would have come
across some lead that would have led us to the hijackers," he said.

Mueller, who took the reins at FBI a week before the attacks of Sept. 11,
outlined his efforts yesterday to bring new aggressiveness and organization to
counterterrorism efforts. He admitted FBI missteps and even said he agreed with
a Minnesota agent's recently publicized scathing assessment of inertia at FBI
headquarters.

In one new example of missed clues, the FBI released a memo yesterday in which
one of its own pilots warned in 1998 about Middle Eastern men receiving flight
training in Oklahoma that "may be related to planned terrorist activity."

Mueller made clear that he still believed the chances of uncovering the Sept. 11
plot were exceedingly slim, even with the available clues.

Yet the comments, which came during a news conference focused on the FBI's
reorganization efforts, marked the first time that a Bush administration
official has indicated, even in such tentative terms, that the Sept. 11
hijacking plot might have been glimpsed beforehand if the FBI had acted more
aggressively.

In the latest clue to emerge, a memo dated May 18, 1998, outlines how the chief
pilot in the FBI's Oklahoma City division observed large numbers of Middle
Eastern men receiving flight training at the state's airports.

The agent, who was not identified, said "this is a recent phenomenon and may be
related to planned terrorist activity," according to the memo titled, "Weapons
of Mass Destruction." The agent speculated in the memo that light planes "would
be an ideal means of spreading chemical or biological agents."

One FBI official said last night that "we have no information that the people he
was talking about were engaged in terrorist activities. It was a hunch."

Mueller's remarks were made a week after Minneapolis FBI agent Coleen Rowley
wrote a caustic, 13-page letter to Mueller accusing FBI headquarters of
hampering the Moussaoui investigation, and rebuking Mueller and others for
saying there was no way the FBI could have uncovered any of the hijackers.

While denying that he had "skewed the facts," as Rowley alleged, Mueller
acknowledged that he was mistaken in saying on Sept. 15 that the FBI had no
inkling of terrorist involvement in U.S. flight schools.

Mueller said he was only later informed of the Phoenix memo, in which FBI agent
Kenneth Williams warned that suspected terrorists were enrolled in aviation
studies in Arizona.

Mueller said he had written to Rowley thanking her for her letter -- the
handling of which is the subject of an inspector general's investigation -- and
assured her that she would not face retaliation for her blunt comments. Rowley
has sought protection under federal whistle-blower laws.

"It is critically important that I hear criticisms of the organization,
including criticisms of me, in order to improve the organization," Mueller said.
"Because our focus is on preventing terrorism, more so than in the past we must
be open to new ideas, to criticism from within and from without, and to
admitting and learning from our mistakes. I certainly do not have a monopoly on
the right answers."

Mueller was joined yesterday by Attorney General John D. Ashcroft in formally
announcing a radical restructuring of the FBI under which the number of agents
devoted to counterterrorism would be doubled and hundreds of linguists,
scientists and other specialists would be hired to focus on preventing terrorist
attacks.

The plans, some of which require congressional approval, also would create
"flying squads" at FBI headquarters to assist in terrorism investigations in
field offices around the nation and abroad.

As a result, the FBI will investigate fewer cases involving narcotics,
white-collar crime and violent crimes, although Mueller stressed that the bureau
will remain involved in complex and multijurisdictional cases that require its
expertise.

Saying that the most important priority for the FBI is preventing terrorist
attacks on the United States, Mueller conceded that the events of Sept. 11 made
it clear that the bureau "had to fundamentally change the way we do business."

In outlining what he called "a shift from reactive to proactive" work, Mueller
said the FBI must "do a much better job of recruiting and training our workforce
. . . [and] do a better job of analyzing data and put prevention ahead of all
else."

In the wake of a congressional uproar over the Minneapolis and Phoenix cases,
the FBI has embarked on a massive effort to search 80 million paper records for
any aviation- or pilot-related information reported prior to the Sept. 11
attacks, according to spokesman John Collingwood.

That search resulted in the discovery of the Oklahoma memo, which was included
among the volumes of documents collected during the Oklahoma City bombing case,
one official said. Officials also said that they discovered a report that
another country had attempted to buy a flight simulator outside U.S. trade
restrictions. Collingwood, saying the report was classified, declined to name
the country or the report's source.

In his remarks yesterday, Mueller said he agreed with Rowley's assessment of the
bureaucratic "inertia" at FBI headquarters regarding the Moussaoui case.

"There should have been a more facilitating approach" from headquarters to the
field agents' efforts to obtain warrants to search Moussaoui's possessions and
his computer, Mueller said.

Mueller said he is trying to bring aggressive, experienced agents into FBI
headquarters -- something he acknowledged many have shunned. "People prefer to
be agents in the field," he said.

Noting that he has asked the FBI inspector general to investigate headquarters'
handling of the Moussaoui matter and the Phoenix memo, Mueller said he hopes the
probe can be completed quickly. He declined to discuss the headquarters
employees who, Rowley said, had stymied the efforts of the Minneapolis agents.

Law enforcement sources said the officials Rowley referred to only by title in
her memo to Mueller were Michael Maltbie, a supervisory special agent (SSA), and
his boss, David Frasca, chief of the counterterrorism division's radical
fundamentalist unit.

Rowley complained bitterly that the unnamed SSA thwarted efforts to obtain
warrants for Moussaoui, and that Minneapolis agents were chastised for taking
their worries about Moussaoui to the CIA.

Mueller praised the Minnesota agents as "tremendously aggressive" in getting
Moussaoui placed under arrest on immigration charges, and said, "We should have
been more aggressive here in supporting them."

Maltbie, law enforcement sources said, is no longer working in counterterrorism.
He was described as having received a lateral transfer in recent months to the
Cleveland field office.

Reached at his home yesterday, Maltbie declined to comment on the Rowley
allegations, referring all queries to FBI officials in Washington. A spokesman
here said the bureau would not comment on Maltbie's actions, noting the
inspector general's probe.

Frasca did not return a phone call for comment.

Staff researcher Lynn Davis contributed

to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            July 11, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Mobster tried to assassinate top judge: FBI

BYLINE: Paul Cherry, CanWest News Service

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 466  words


Montreal mob boss Frank Cotroni and high-ranking U.S. mobsters were once
investigated for an alleged plot to assassinate the top judge in America,
according to newly released FBI documents.

The investigation into the alleged plot to assassinate Chief Justice Warren
Burger began in December 1981, after an informant came forward with information
of a jailhouse plot. It ended 15 months later with no charges being laid.
Instead, the FBI dispatched agents to warn the heads of Mafia families in the
U.S. that any attempt to assassinate Burger "would be responded to with the full
force and resources of the (Department) of Justice and the FBI."

Access to Cotroni's FBI record was requested after he died of cancer on Aug. 17,
2004, at the age of 72. He was one of three brothers who controlled illegal
rackets in Montreal for decades while they operated as a branch office for the
Bonanno crime family in New York.

In April 1979, after serving four years of a 15-year sentence for cocaine
trafficking in the U.S., Cotroni was paroled and released from a federal
penitentiary in Lewisburg, Penn. Two years later, the informant, who apparently
served time at Lewisburg with the Montreal mobster, told the FBI that Cotroni
and other Mafiosi discussed killing Burger and a U.S. district court judge based
in New Jersey.

The earliest reference to the FBI investigation among the documents is a
"priority" teletype communique warning of the alleged plot. It was sent on Dec.
18, 1981, from an FBI field office in Seattle, Wash., to the FBI's director and
five FBI offices in the eastern U.S. The message concluded with a plan to advise
Burger of the suspected plot and to pursue leads "on a very discreet basis" by
investigating the backgrounds of the suspects.

The FBI documents reveal no motive for the alleged plot. But as the top U.S.
judge Burger might have been considered a target as a means to intimidate the
American justice system.

Cotroni, described in the FBI documents as "the boss of the Montreal (La Cosa
Nostra) family and an associate of the Bonanno LCN family," is listed as a
suspect throughout the investigation.

Phil Rastelli, the head of the Bonanno crime family in New York until he died in
1991, and Joseph Gambino, a captain (or capo) in the Gambino crime family, are
also listed as suspects.

Agents Tried to Figure Out How to Investigate the Plot While Most of the
Suspects Were Still Behind Bars. the Penitentiary in Lewisburg Had No Private
Rooms Where Investigators Could Discreetly Interview Suspects Without Other
Inmates Noticing. Cotroni Was Back in Montreal at That Point but the Documents
Indicate the Fbi Did Not Plan to Question Him. One Possible Reason Was That by
February 1982 the Fbi Was, for the Second Time, Investigating a Major Drug
Smuggling Operation Headed by Cotroni.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             KCPQ/KMYQ-TV (Seattle)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 15, 2012 Wednesday

Pierce Co. Crime Stoppers buys cemetery plots next to Powell boys

BYLINE: David Quinlan, KCPQ/KMYQ-TV, Seattle

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 380 words


Feb. 15--PUYALLUP -- In an effort to prevent the possible burial of Josh Powell
next to the two young sons he killed, the nonprofit group Crime Stoppers of
Tacoma-Pierce County quickly purchased cemetery plots on each side of the boys
Wednesday.

"Crime Stoppers of Tacoma-Pierce County has purchased the plots surrounding
Charlie and Braden Powell's place of rest to create a memorial site for the
boys," a statement on the group's website said. It asked the public for
donations.

The quick purchase was made when Puyallup City Manager Ralph Dannenberg
contacted lawyer Anne Bremner earlier and told her that Josh Powell's relatives
were requesting that he be buried next to his sons in Puyallup's Woodbine
Cemetery.

Bremner represents Chuck and Judy Cox, the parents of Powell's missing wife,
Susan Cox Powell, who disappeared in December 2009. The Coxes had custody of
Charlie and Braden Powell, ages 7 and 5.

When the local Crime Stoppers group got wind of the news, Pierce County Sheriff
Paul Pastor and Sgt. Ed Troyer each donated $100 to help purchase the plots,
expected to cost about $4,000 to $5,000.

Powell, who had failed in a bid to regain custody of his sons, killed himself
and his two boys when he hit them with a hatchet and then blew up his home on
Feb. 5.

"It's disgusting that a murder suspect would be buried next to his victims,"
Pastor said.

Josh Powell's family later sent word that they want to bury Powell's remains 25
yards to 30 yards away from the boys' graves.

Bremner said that she will file for a temporary restraining order to prohibit
the burial of Josh Powell in the same cemetery, but the city manager forewarned
her that there may not be any way of avoiding the burial taking place as it is a
public cemetery over which the city of Puyallup has no right to restrict.

Crime Stoppers of Tacoma-Pierce County has no paid employees, and is made up of
20 citizen volunteer board members, a program coordinator and an executive
director.  Board members are responsible for fundraising for rewards, approving
and paying rewards, and promoting the program to the community.

The group said the public can make a donation for the memorial here.

___ (c)2012 KCPQ/KMYQ-TX (Seattle) Visit KCPQ/KMYQ-TX (Seattle) at
www.q13fox.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120215-5KQ-Pierce-Co-Crime-Stoppers-buys-cemetery-plots
-next-to-Powell-boys-0215-20120215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5KQ


                          Copyright 2012 KCPQ/KMYQ-TV


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 24, 2006 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

F.B.I. Killed Plot In Talking Stage, A Top Aide Says

BYLINE: By SCOTT SHANE and ANDREA ZARATE; Scott Shane reported from Washington
for this article, and Andrea Zarate from Miami. Terry Aguayo contributed
reporting from Miami, and Gretchen Ruethling from Chicago.

SECTION: Section A; Column 6; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1204 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 23


A plot to topple the Sears Tower in Chicago and attack the F.B.I. headquarters
in Miami was ''more aspirational than operational,'' a top bureau official said
Friday, a day after seven Florida men were arrested on terrorism charges.

The official, John S. Pistole, deputy director of the F.B.I., and Attorney
General Alberto R. Gonzales said at a news conference that authorities chose to
head off the would-be plot, involving scouting potential targets in Florida,
when it was largely at the discussion stage.

Mr. Gonzales acknowledged that the men, who had neither weapons nor explosives,
posed ''no immediate threat.'' But he added, ''they did take sufficient steps
that we believe does support this prosecution.''

In general, Mr. Gonzales said, homegrown terrorists ''may prove to be as
dangerous as groups like Al Qaeda.''

News of the arrests touched off widespread television coverage of the plot
against the Sears Tower, one of the tallest buildings in the world. But details
of the indictment disclosed Friday at news conferences in Washington and Miami
presented a less alarming picture. The indictment made clear that a pivotal role
was played by an unidentified undercover F.B.I. informer who posed as a Qaeda
member and met repeatedly with the reported ringleader of the group, Narseal
Batiste.

Last month, after months of meeting the fake Qaeda representative, Mr. Batiste
told him that ''he was experiencing delays because of various problems within
his organization'' but still hoped to continue his mission of building an
''Islamic army'' to wage jihad against the United States, the indictment said.

In Chicago, Police Superintendent Philip J. Cline said there was ''never any
imminent danger to the Sears Tower or to the city of Chicago.''

Florida officials emphasized that the reported attack plans apparently never
passed the discussion stage.

The seven defendants, 21 to 32 years old, include five Americans, a legal
immigrant from Haiti and an illegal Haitian immigrant. They voiced grandiose
goals in the yearlong investigation by the federal agents and the police,
officials said.

The indictment charged that Mr. Batiste recruited the others beginning in
November ''to wage war against the United States government.'' Mr. Gonzales said
the men said they wanted to ''kill all the devils we can'' in attacks that would
be ''just as good or greater than 9/11.''

The men are accused of conspiring to blow up buildings and to provide ''material
support'' to Al Qaeda. The indictment suggests that they mostly sought support
from the fake Qaeda agent.

In one of the first acts, the court papers say, the conspirators gave the
informer their shoe sizes so he could buy them military boots. Later, the
documents continue, Mr. Batiste gave the informer lists of other items needed
for the proposed war like uniforms, binoculars, radios, vehicles, bulletproof
vests, machine guns and $50,000 in cash.

The suspects received their boots, the indictment says, but it does not make
clear which other items were delivered.

Neighbors said at least some of the men were in a religious group called the
Seas of David that appeared to mix Christian and Muslim beliefs. The group wore
uniforms bearing a Star of David and met for Bible study, prayer and martial
arts in a one-story warehouse in the heart of the predominantly Haitian section
of the impoverished Liberty City area.

Workers in Bar-B's Grocery next door said the men were always quiet and polite
when they stopped in. But at least five men had been previously arrested on
charges of assault, drug and weapons charges, Miami-Dade County records show.

''My husband had an idea that something was up in there,'' said Tonya Poole, who
lives across the street from the warehouse. ''He would tell me, 'Baby,
something's going on.' We would see them in and out at all times at night.''

In addition to Mr. Batiste, 32, who was known as Brother Naz or Prince Manna,
the authorities identified others born in the United States as Burson Augustin,
21; Rothschild Augustine, 22; Naudimar Herrera, 22; and Stanley G. Phanor, 31.
The two Haitian-born defendants are Patrick Abraham, 27, and Lyglenson Lemorin,
31.

All appeared briefly in court in Miami on Friday except Mr. Phanor, who was
jailed for violating his probation on an earlier charge, and Mr. Lemorin, who
was arrested in Atlanta.

At Mr. Phanor's neatly landscaped peach-colored house, relatives cried and
wailed as they answered questions. ''This is tearing this family to pieces,''
said Mr. Phanor's mother, Elizene Phanor. She said her son was a skilled
construction worker and pointed to a tile floor he laid.

''My son would wake up every morning and say he loves Jesus,'' Ms. Phanor said.
''Stan is my son, my friend, my life, and if he dies, I die with him.''

Sylvain Poantin, 30, who said he grew up with Mr. Phanor, added, ''I'm feeling
confused and stressed, because Stan isn't that type of person.''

Mr. Poantin said that a year and a half ago he was hanging out with Mr. Phanor
when Mr. Batiste approached, wearing a long robe and a cap. ''We were all
intrigued by him,'' Mr. Poantin said. ''He never spoke of violence, and he would
call us beloved or brother.''

Mr. Poantin said he attended a Bible study session but found Mr. Batiste
''arrogant'' and did not join the group.

The indictment follows by three weeks the arrest in Canada of 17 men accused of
plotting attacks using fertilizer bombs. Some of those suspects were in contact
with two Georgians previously charged in a terrorism investigation.

In his news conference at the Justice Department, Mr. Gonzales linked those
cases to the Madrid train bombing in 2004 and the London subway attack last
July, saying the attacks represented ''a new brand of terrorism'' from
''smaller, more loosely defined cells that are not affiliated with Al Qaeda, but
who are inspired by a violent jihadist message.''

''The terrorists and suspected terrorists in Madrid and London and Toronto were
not sleeper operatives sent on suicide missions,'' Mr. Gonzales said. ''They
were students and business people and members of the community.''

At a later briefing, Deputy Attorney General Paul J. McNulty answered critics
who have said terror prosecutions have often picked out seemingly
unsophisticated extremists who are more talk than action. Mr. McNulty said the
goal was ''prevention through prosecution.''

Rather than allow a genuine threat to take shape, he added, investigators move
in as soon as there is sufficient evidence to prosecute.

''Today's example is a good example of that approach,'' he said.

Mr. McNulty said 261 people had been convicted or pleaded guilty in ''terrorism
or terrorism-related cases'' since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. An additional
180 people have been charged and are awaiting trial or have been acquitted, had
their charges dismissed, are awaiting extradition or are fugitives, according to
statistics released Friday.

Mr. McNulty acknowledged that some of the convictions counted as ''terrorism
related'' included crimes that turned out to have no link to terrorism. He said
the statistics might be revised to give a more precise accounting of cases with
true terrorist connections.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Elizene Phanor, left, mother of Stanley G. Phanor, arrested in
the terrorism case, said at her home in Miami, ''This is tearing this family to
pieces.'' (Photo by John Loomis for The New York Times)(pg. A12)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                            August 12, 2006 Saturday
                                 FIRST Edition

DOOMSDAY PLOT:;
Just hours from bloodbath;
12 planes to blow up over give US cities in three hours

BYLINE: Danny Buttler and Fiona Hudson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 910  words


SUICIDE bombers may have been just 48 hours from unleashing a terrifying plot to
blow up passenger jets in mid-air when British police swooped.

Security chiefs launched pre-dawn raids to foil the terrorists after
intercepting a message from Pakistan that said: ''Do your attacks now''.

The chilling four-word command was a signal for plotters to bring forward their
plan to destroy as many as three US-bound aircraft an hour for three hours.

US intelligence officials said the planes would have been blown up over cities
that were ''primary tourist attractions'', such as New York, Washington, Los
Angeles, Boston and Chicago.

British police arrested 24 people, mostly of Pakistani descent but including
three Britons who had converted to Islam.

''Make no mistake, if this plot had succeeded it would have been bigger than
9/11 in terms of body count,'' a senior security source said.

The plotters are believed to have set August 22 as attack day, but brought it
forward after two British nationals were arrested in Pakistan last week.

Intelligence officials said

the terror suspects intended to use soft-drink bottles to smuggle chemicals that
make up explosives on to planes.

They would mix them up in flight and detonate them over the US cities using
everyday electronic devices such as disposable cameras.

US airlines United, Continental and American are believed to have been the
targets.

After the arrests in Britain it was revealed at least one of the alleged
terrorists had recorded a video message about becoming a martyr.

Some security experts believe August 22 was the day for the attacks because
Muslims celebrate it as the date in 1427 when the Prophet Muhammad took flight
on a winged horse.

Pakistan has claimed a key role in thwarting the plot, which security sources
said had al-Qaida's hallmarks.

The White House said the President had known as early as Sunday of the plot.

President George W. Bush called the arrests a reminder that the country was ''at
war with Islamic fascists''.

Continued Page 6

From Page 1

British Prime Minister Tony Blair, who is on holiday in the Caribbean, has made
no public comment but his office said he had briefed Mr Bush.

Chaos at British and foreign airports eased yesterday, 24 hours after Britain
went on maximum alert and hundreds of flights were cancelled.

As airlines cleared the backlog, passengers were warned of delays and disruption
amid heightened security measures.

In other developments:

A COURT hearing is expected soon to seek permission to hold the suspects for up
to 28 days without charge under Britain's terror laws.

US Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff yesterday indicated that bombs
had been recovered at the homes of the arrested suspects.

LONDON police were investigating a suspected bomb factory used to make the
liquid explosive.

THE Bank of England named and froze the accounts of 19 of the 24 men, aged
between 17 and 35, arrested in Britain.

BRITISH and US airports could remain on critical or high alert indefinitely.

QANTAS warned passengers to the United States and London to arrive at the
airport three hours before departure.

UP to five suspects were still at large, with authorities fearing they could
still attempt a major terror attack.

The dramatic arrests in Britain came after the secret arrests in Pakistan of two
British nationals.

They were among seven arrests in Pakistan of which at least three were believed
to have links with al-Qaida.

The Pakistani arrests held the key to breaking open the terror plot.

''They were in full knowledge of the plot to blow up the airlines and the
information was passed on to Britain and US intelligence,'' a British official
said.

Back in London, it was revealed a 29-year-old al-Qaida commander, Matiur Rehman
may have been the cell ringleader.

It is believed Rehman, who may be still at large, had planned a ''terror
spectacular'' to mark the fifth anniversary of the September 11 attacks in the
US.

The Bank of England list of Pakistani names gave the first details of some of
those allegedly connected to the plot.

The accused are almost all young British men, some of whom have family links to
Pakistan and three were recent converts to Islam.

Police were carrying out detailed searches of several properties across
northeast London and Birmingham last night as their unprecedented investigation
continued.

Prime Minister John Howard said yesterday that Australia's terrorism alert was
under review.

He also said the use of such explosives on planes could lead to longer-term bans
on hand luggage taken into cabins of flights leaving Australia.

''The potential use of liquid explosives brings a whole new menacing dimension
to the terrorist threat,'' Mr Howard said.

''That sort of response could well be necessary.

''Like everybody else, I guess, I'm chilled, because it brings a new dimension
to it.''

Australian Federal Police chief Mick Keelty said Australian authorities had been
concerned about liquid bombs for some time.

''The issue of . . . flammable liquids and other types of liquids has been the
focus of attention by the authorities . . . right around the world,'' Mr Keelty
said.

''The issue of liquids is one that obviously has not been in the public arena,
but obviously has been thought about behind the scenes.''

Qantas has flagged extending bans on hand luggage and making permanent new
pre-flight security measures. It has advised passengers flying to London or the
US to get to the airport three hours ahead of departure times. ~ with AGENCIES

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

British man allowed to testify at NYC terror trial

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 519 words


NEW YORK (AP) A man convicted in the United Kingdom in the 2001 shoe bomb plot
can testify through a video link at the terrorism trial of Osama bin Laden"s
son-in-law and former spokesman, a judge ruled Wednesday.

The testimony will be used at the trial next month of Sulaiman Abu Ghaith, who
has pleaded not guilty to charges that he conspired to kill Americans in his
role as al-Qaida"s spokesman after the Sept. 11 attacks. If convicted, he could
face life in prison.

The identity of the man the government planned to call as a witness through a
video link was not disclosed in court papers, but the description fit Saajid
Badat, whose videotaped testimony was shown at the 2012 New York City trial of a
man convicted in a foiled plot to attack the New York City subway system in
2009.

Badat was convicted in London in a 2001 plot to down an American Airlines flight
from Paris to Miami with explosives hidden in his shoes. He said at that trial
that he refused a request to testify in person in the U.S. because he remains
under indictment in Boston on charges alleging he conspired with failed
shoe-bomber Richard Reid, and he has been told he"d be arrested if he set foot
in the United States.

Likewise, the cooperating witness in the Abu Ghaith case was indicted in Boston
in the shoe-bomb plot and has been told he will be arrested if he travels to the
United States, U.S. District Judge Lewis A. Kaplan noted in his written opinion.

The judge said the man"s testimony was relevant to the charges against Abu
Ghaith because he was involved in a post-Sept. 11 plot to bomb airplanes in the
United States at about the same time that Abu Ghaith appeared in videos
threatening that "the storm of the airplanes will not stop" and advising Muslims
in America and Great Britain to stay off aircraft.

"That this plot existed at approximately the same time that Abu Ghaith appeared
in videotapes making statements threatening that exact type of attack on the
United States tends to show that Abu Ghaith knowingly participated in al Qaeda"s
conspiracy to kill Americans," Kaplan said.

Kaplan also said defense lawyers can obtain a videotaped deposition from Salim
Ahmed Hamdan, a man in Yemen who is believed to have been bin Laden"s driver
from 1998 until November 2001.

He said Hamdan, a former Guantanamo Bay detainee, can participate in a
videotaped deposition at the request of defense lawyers who said Hamdan refuses
to travel to the United States and most likely would not be permitted in the
country anyway.

Defense lawyers have said Hamdan would testify he never saw Abu Ghaith with an
al-Qaida card that contains coded names and locations of some individuals.
They"ve said he also would testify that the cards contained the names of auto
mechanics and others of no particular importance or consequence, including
visitors passing through the Kandahar, Afghanistan community.

The judge said defense and government lawyers can each question Hamdan for three
hours, though he limited topics to the cards, the purpose of al-Qaida training
camps that Abu Ghaith visited and opinions regarding Abu Ghaith"s role in
al-Qaida.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday

Disrupted US bomb plot was seen as serious threat

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 557 words



HIGHLIGHT: A recently disrupted bombing plot represented one of the most serious
security threats to the United States since the September 11 attacks, Attorney
General Eric Holder said.


"I can say the investigation is pretty far along. We have a pretty good handle
who was involved and what was intended," Holder told a news briefing.   "This
alleged plot was one of the most serious terrorist threats to our country since
September 11, 2001."   An Afghan immigrant, Najibullah Zazi, was indicted last
month by a federal grand jury in New York on charges of plotting to explode
bombs in the United States. Zazi, who is being held without bail, has pleaded
not guilty,    Prosecutors said Zazi took a bomb-making course at an al Qaeda
training camp in Pakistan, had notes on how to make explosives on his laptop
computer and acquired materials similar to those used in bomb attacks in London
in 2005, buying acetone and hydrogen peroxide at beauty supply stores.

Holder said the plot, if it had been successful, could have killed "scores" of
Americans, based on the chemicals involved, the history of similar plots and the
number of people suspected of being involved.   President Obama met with
officials at the National Counterterrorism Center in Virginia and congratulated
them for their work to thwart the alleged plot.   "You know that we're facing
determined adversaries who are resourceful, who are resilient, and who are still
plotting," he said.   The FBI has had under surveillance other suspects it
believes may have helped Zazi acquire the chemicals and consulted with him on
how to make explosives.   Asked about whether there would be more arrests and
others charged, Holder replied, "It is our intention to bring all those involved
in the plot to justice" and "the investigation is ongoing."   Zazi initially was
charged in Colorado with lying to the FBI. He was later indicted on the
terrorism charge in Brooklyn federal court and transferred to New York on
September 25.   The investigation became public several weeks ago when police
raided apartments in the New York City borough of Queens that Zazi had visited
around the time of the anniversary of the 2001 attacks.     Al Qaeda connection
Holder said Zazi visited Pakistan in 2008, when he allegedly attended an al
Qaeda training camp.   "There certainly was an al Qaeda connection," Holder
said.   Zazi's attorney has insisted that his client traveled to Pakistan for
innocuous reasons to see a dying relative, to get married and to visit his wife.
The suspect's father, Mohammed Zazi, and a New York imam, Ahmad Afzali, accused
of having tipped off the younger Zazi that he was under scrutiny, also were
arrested on charges making false statements to the FBI.   The New York Police
Department had used the imam in the past as an informant. When they asked him
about Zazi, he alerted Zazi that he was under surveillance, forcing federal
officials to bring him in for questioning sooner than they had initially
planned.   "Are there things we could have done differently? I'm sure we'll find
there are," Holder said, adding that overall he was pleased at how well the New
York police worked with the FBI.   He also cited the investigation in urging
Congress to extend the three surveillance techniques in the Patriot Act that
expire later this year, calling them vital tools in protecting the country. The
law first was adopted by Congress during George W. Bush's presidency after the
2001 attacks.



 Pic: September 11 Twin Tower attacks

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday

Disrupted US bomb plot was seen as serious threat

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 557 words



HIGHLIGHT: A recently disrupted bombing plot represented one of the most serious
security threats to the United States since the September 11 attacks, Attorney
General Eric Holder said.


"I can say the investigation is pretty far along. We have a pretty good handle
who was involved and what was intended," Holder told a news briefing.   "This
alleged plot was one of the most serious terrorist threats to our country since
September 11, 2001."   An Afghan immigrant, Najibullah Zazi, was indicted last
month by a federal grand jury in New York on charges of plotting to explode
bombs in the United States. Zazi, who is being held without bail, has pleaded
not guilty,    Prosecutors said Zazi took a bomb-making course at an al Qaeda
training camp in Pakistan, had notes on how to make explosives on his laptop
computer and acquired materials similar to those used in bomb attacks in London
in 2005, buying acetone and hydrogen peroxide at beauty supply stores.

Holder said the plot, if it had been successful, could have killed "scores" of
Americans, based on the chemicals involved, the history of similar plots and the
number of people suspected of being involved.   President Obama met with
officials at the National Counterterrorism Center in Virginia and congratulated
them for their work to thwart the alleged plot.   "You know that we're facing
determined adversaries who are resourceful, who are resilient, and who are still
plotting," he said.   The FBI has had under surveillance other suspects it
believes may have helped Zazi acquire the chemicals and consulted with him on
how to make explosives.   Asked about whether there would be more arrests and
others charged, Holder replied, "It is our intention to bring all those involved
in the plot to justice" and "the investigation is ongoing."   Zazi initially was
charged in Colorado with lying to the FBI. He was later indicted on the
terrorism charge in Brooklyn federal court and transferred to New York on
September 25.   The investigation became public several weeks ago when police
raided apartments in the New York City borough of Queens that Zazi had visited
around the time of the anniversary of the 2001 attacks.     Al Qaeda connection
Holder said Zazi visited Pakistan in 2008, when he allegedly attended an al
Qaeda training camp.   "There certainly was an al Qaeda connection," Holder
said.   Zazi's attorney has insisted that his client traveled to Pakistan for
innocuous reasons to see a dying relative, to get married and to visit his wife.
The suspect's father, Mohammed Zazi, and a New York imam, Ahmad Afzali, accused
of having tipped off the younger Zazi that he was under scrutiny, also were
arrested on charges making false statements to the FBI.   The New York Police
Department had used the imam in the past as an informant. When they asked him
about Zazi, he alerted Zazi that he was under surveillance, forcing federal
officials to bring him in for questioning sooner than they had initially
planned.   "Are there things we could have done differently? I'm sure we'll find
there are," Holder said, adding that overall he was pleased at how well the New
York police worked with the FBI.   He also cited the investigation in urging
Congress to extend the three surveillance techniques in the Patriot Act that
expire later this year, calling them vital tools in protecting the country. The
law first was adopted by Congress during George W. Bush's presidency after the
2001 attacks.



 Pic: September 11 Twin Tower attacks

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday

Disrupted US bomb plot was seen as serious threat

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 557 words



HIGHLIGHT: A recently disrupted bombing plot represented one of the most serious
security threats to the United States since the September 11 attacks, Attorney
General Eric Holder said.


"I can say the investigation is pretty far along. We have a pretty good handle
who was involved and what was intended," Holder told a news briefing.   "This
alleged plot was one of the most serious terrorist threats to our country since
September 11, 2001."   An Afghan immigrant, Najibullah Zazi, was indicted last
month by a federal grand jury in New York on charges of plotting to explode
bombs in the United States. Zazi, who is being held without bail, has pleaded
not guilty,    Prosecutors said Zazi took a bomb-making course at an al Qaeda
training camp in Pakistan, had notes on how to make explosives on his laptop
computer and acquired materials similar to those used in bomb attacks in London
in 2005, buying acetone and hydrogen peroxide at beauty supply stores.

Holder said the plot, if it had been successful, could have killed "scores" of
Americans, based on the chemicals involved, the history of similar plots and the
number of people suspected of being involved.   President Obama met with
officials at the National Counterterrorism Center in Virginia and congratulated
them for their work to thwart the alleged plot.   "You know that we're facing
determined adversaries who are resourceful, who are resilient, and who are still
plotting," he said.   The FBI has had under surveillance other suspects it
believes may have helped Zazi acquire the chemicals and consulted with him on
how to make explosives.   Asked about whether there would be more arrests and
others charged, Holder replied, "It is our intention to bring all those involved
in the plot to justice" and "the investigation is ongoing."   Zazi initially was
charged in Colorado with lying to the FBI. He was later indicted on the
terrorism charge in Brooklyn federal court and transferred to New York on
September 25.   The investigation became public several weeks ago when police
raided apartments in the New York City borough of Queens that Zazi had visited
around the time of the anniversary of the 2001 attacks.     Al Qaeda connection
Holder said Zazi visited Pakistan in 2008, when he allegedly attended an al
Qaeda training camp.   "There certainly was an al Qaeda connection," Holder
said.   Zazi's attorney has insisted that his client traveled to Pakistan for
innocuous reasons to see a dying relative, to get married and to visit his wife.
The suspect's father, Mohammed Zazi, and a New York imam, Ahmad Afzali, accused
of having tipped off the younger Zazi that he was under scrutiny, also were
arrested on charges making false statements to the FBI.   The New York Police
Department had used the imam in the past as an informant. When they asked him
about Zazi, he alerted Zazi that he was under surveillance, forcing federal
officials to bring him in for questioning sooner than they had initially
planned.   "Are there things we could have done differently? I'm sure we'll find
there are," Holder said, adding that overall he was pleased at how well the New
York police worked with the FBI.   He also cited the investigation in urging
Congress to extend the three surveillance techniques in the Patriot Act that
expire later this year, calling them vital tools in protecting the country. The
law first was adopted by Congress during George W. Bush's presidency after the
2001 attacks.



 Pic: September 11 Twin Tower attacks

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday

Disrupted US bomb plot was seen as serious threat

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 557 words



HIGHLIGHT: A recently disrupted bombing plot represented one of the most serious
security threats to the United States since the September 11 attacks, Attorney
General Eric Holder said.


"I can say the investigation is pretty far along. We have a pretty good handle
who was involved and what was intended," Holder told a news briefing.   "This
alleged plot was one of the most serious terrorist threats to our country since
September 11, 2001."   An Afghan immigrant, Najibullah Zazi, was indicted last
month by a federal grand jury in New York on charges of plotting to explode
bombs in the United States. Zazi, who is being held without bail, has pleaded
not guilty,    Prosecutors said Zazi took a bomb-making course at an al Qaeda
training camp in Pakistan, had notes on how to make explosives on his laptop
computer and acquired materials similar to those used in bomb attacks in London
in 2005, buying acetone and hydrogen peroxide at beauty supply stores.

Holder said the plot, if it had been successful, could have killed "scores" of
Americans, based on the chemicals involved, the history of similar plots and the
number of people suspected of being involved.   President Obama met with
officials at the National Counterterrorism Center in Virginia and congratulated
them for their work to thwart the alleged plot.   "You know that we're facing
determined adversaries who are resourceful, who are resilient, and who are still
plotting," he said.   The FBI has had under surveillance other suspects it
believes may have helped Zazi acquire the chemicals and consulted with him on
how to make explosives.   Asked about whether there would be more arrests and
others charged, Holder replied, "It is our intention to bring all those involved
in the plot to justice" and "the investigation is ongoing."   Zazi initially was
charged in Colorado with lying to the FBI. He was later indicted on the
terrorism charge in Brooklyn federal court and transferred to New York on
September 25.   The investigation became public several weeks ago when police
raided apartments in the New York City borough of Queens that Zazi had visited
around the time of the anniversary of the 2001 attacks.     Al Qaeda connection
Holder said Zazi visited Pakistan in 2008, when he allegedly attended an al
Qaeda training camp.   "There certainly was an al Qaeda connection," Holder
said.   Zazi's attorney has insisted that his client traveled to Pakistan for
innocuous reasons to see a dying relative, to get married and to visit his wife.
The suspect's father, Mohammed Zazi, and a New York imam, Ahmad Afzali, accused
of having tipped off the younger Zazi that he was under scrutiny, also were
arrested on charges making false statements to the FBI.   The New York Police
Department had used the imam in the past as an informant. When they asked him
about Zazi, he alerted Zazi that he was under surveillance, forcing federal
officials to bring him in for questioning sooner than they had initially
planned.   "Are there things we could have done differently? I'm sure we'll find
there are," Holder said, adding that overall he was pleased at how well the New
York police worked with the FBI.   He also cited the investigation in urging
Congress to extend the three surveillance techniques in the Patriot Act that
expire later this year, calling them vital tools in protecting the country. The
law first was adopted by Congress during George W. Bush's presidency after the
2001 attacks.



 Pic: September 11 Twin Tower attacks

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday

Disrupted US bomb plot was seen as serious threat

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 557 words



HIGHLIGHT: A recently disrupted bombing plot represented one of the most serious
security threats to the United States since the September 11 attacks, Attorney
General Eric Holder said.


"I can say the investigation is pretty far along. We have a pretty good handle
who was involved and what was intended," Holder told a news briefing.   "This
alleged plot was one of the most serious terrorist threats to our country since
September 11, 2001."   An Afghan immigrant, Najibullah Zazi, was indicted last
month by a federal grand jury in New York on charges of plotting to explode
bombs in the United States. Zazi, who is being held without bail, has pleaded
not guilty,    Prosecutors said Zazi took a bomb-making course at an al Qaeda
training camp in Pakistan, had notes on how to make explosives on his laptop
computer and acquired materials similar to those used in bomb attacks in London
in 2005, buying acetone and hydrogen peroxide at beauty supply stores.

Holder said the plot, if it had been successful, could have killed "scores" of
Americans, based on the chemicals involved, the history of similar plots and the
number of people suspected of being involved.   President Obama met with
officials at the National Counterterrorism Center in Virginia and congratulated
them for their work to thwart the alleged plot.   "You know that we're facing
determined adversaries who are resourceful, who are resilient, and who are still
plotting," he said.   The FBI has had under surveillance other suspects it
believes may have helped Zazi acquire the chemicals and consulted with him on
how to make explosives.   Asked about whether there would be more arrests and
others charged, Holder replied, "It is our intention to bring all those involved
in the plot to justice" and "the investigation is ongoing."   Zazi initially was
charged in Colorado with lying to the FBI. He was later indicted on the
terrorism charge in Brooklyn federal court and transferred to New York on
September 25.   The investigation became public several weeks ago when police
raided apartments in the New York City borough of Queens that Zazi had visited
around the time of the anniversary of the 2001 attacks.     Al Qaeda connection
Holder said Zazi visited Pakistan in 2008, when he allegedly attended an al
Qaeda training camp.   "There certainly was an al Qaeda connection," Holder
said.   Zazi's attorney has insisted that his client traveled to Pakistan for
innocuous reasons to see a dying relative, to get married and to visit his wife.
The suspect's father, Mohammed Zazi, and a New York imam, Ahmad Afzali, accused
of having tipped off the younger Zazi that he was under scrutiny, also were
arrested on charges making false statements to the FBI.   The New York Police
Department had used the imam in the past as an informant. When they asked him
about Zazi, he alerted Zazi that he was under surveillance, forcing federal
officials to bring him in for questioning sooner than they had initially
planned.   "Are there things we could have done differently? I'm sure we'll find
there are," Holder said, adding that overall he was pleased at how well the New
York police worked with the FBI.   He also cited the investigation in urging
Congress to extend the three surveillance techniques in the Patriot Act that
expire later this year, calling them vital tools in protecting the country. The
law first was adopted by Congress during George W. Bush's presidency after the
2001 attacks.



 Pic: September 11 Twin Tower attacks

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday

Disrupted US bomb plot was seen as serious threat

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 557 words



HIGHLIGHT: A recently disrupted bombing plot represented one of the most serious
security threats to the United States since the September 11 attacks, Attorney
General Eric Holder said.


"I can say the investigation is pretty far along. We have a pretty good handle
who was involved and what was intended," Holder told a news briefing.   "This
alleged plot was one of the most serious terrorist threats to our country since
September 11, 2001."   An Afghan immigrant, Najibullah Zazi, was indicted last
month by a federal grand jury in New York on charges of plotting to explode
bombs in the United States. Zazi, who is being held without bail, has pleaded
not guilty,    Prosecutors said Zazi took a bomb-making course at an al Qaeda
training camp in Pakistan, had notes on how to make explosives on his laptop
computer and acquired materials similar to those used in bomb attacks in London
in 2005, buying acetone and hydrogen peroxide at beauty supply stores.

Holder said the plot, if it had been successful, could have killed "scores" of
Americans, based on the chemicals involved, the history of similar plots and the
number of people suspected of being involved.   President Obama met with
officials at the National Counterterrorism Center in Virginia and congratulated
them for their work to thwart the alleged plot.   "You know that we're facing
determined adversaries who are resourceful, who are resilient, and who are still
plotting," he said.   The FBI has had under surveillance other suspects it
believes may have helped Zazi acquire the chemicals and consulted with him on
how to make explosives.   Asked about whether there would be more arrests and
others charged, Holder replied, "It is our intention to bring all those involved
in the plot to justice" and "the investigation is ongoing."   Zazi initially was
charged in Colorado with lying to the FBI. He was later indicted on the
terrorism charge in Brooklyn federal court and transferred to New York on
September 25.   The investigation became public several weeks ago when police
raided apartments in the New York City borough of Queens that Zazi had visited
around the time of the anniversary of the 2001 attacks.     Al Qaeda connection
Holder said Zazi visited Pakistan in 2008, when he allegedly attended an al
Qaeda training camp.   "There certainly was an al Qaeda connection," Holder
said.   Zazi's attorney has insisted that his client traveled to Pakistan for
innocuous reasons to see a dying relative, to get married and to visit his wife.
The suspect's father, Mohammed Zazi, and a New York imam, Ahmad Afzali, accused
of having tipped off the younger Zazi that he was under scrutiny, also were
arrested on charges making false statements to the FBI.   The New York Police
Department had used the imam in the past as an informant. When they asked him
about Zazi, he alerted Zazi that he was under surveillance, forcing federal
officials to bring him in for questioning sooner than they had initially
planned.   "Are there things we could have done differently? I'm sure we'll find
there are," Holder said, adding that overall he was pleased at how well the New
York police worked with the FBI.   He also cited the investigation in urging
Congress to extend the three surveillance techniques in the Patriot Act that
expire later this year, calling them vital tools in protecting the country. The
law first was adopted by Congress during George W. Bush's presidency after the
2001 attacks.



 Pic: September 11 Twin Tower attacks

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday

Disrupted US bomb plot was seen as serious threat

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 557 words



HIGHLIGHT: A recently disrupted bombing plot represented one of the most serious
security threats to the United States since the September 11 attacks, Attorney
General Eric Holder said.


"I can say the investigation is pretty far along. We have a pretty good handle
who was involved and what was intended," Holder told a news briefing.   "This
alleged plot was one of the most serious terrorist threats to our country since
September 11, 2001."   An Afghan immigrant, Najibullah Zazi, was indicted last
month by a federal grand jury in New York on charges of plotting to explode
bombs in the United States. Zazi, who is being held without bail, has pleaded
not guilty,    Prosecutors said Zazi took a bomb-making course at an al Qaeda
training camp in Pakistan, had notes on how to make explosives on his laptop
computer and acquired materials similar to those used in bomb attacks in London
in 2005, buying acetone and hydrogen peroxide at beauty supply stores.

Holder said the plot, if it had been successful, could have killed "scores" of
Americans, based on the chemicals involved, the history of similar plots and the
number of people suspected of being involved.   President Obama met with
officials at the National Counterterrorism Center in Virginia and congratulated
them for their work to thwart the alleged plot.   "You know that we're facing
determined adversaries who are resourceful, who are resilient, and who are still
plotting," he said.   The FBI has had under surveillance other suspects it
believes may have helped Zazi acquire the chemicals and consulted with him on
how to make explosives.   Asked about whether there would be more arrests and
others charged, Holder replied, "It is our intention to bring all those involved
in the plot to justice" and "the investigation is ongoing."   Zazi initially was
charged in Colorado with lying to the FBI. He was later indicted on the
terrorism charge in Brooklyn federal court and transferred to New York on
September 25.   The investigation became public several weeks ago when police
raided apartments in the New York City borough of Queens that Zazi had visited
around the time of the anniversary of the 2001 attacks.     Al Qaeda connection
Holder said Zazi visited Pakistan in 2008, when he allegedly attended an al
Qaeda training camp.   "There certainly was an al Qaeda connection," Holder
said.   Zazi's attorney has insisted that his client traveled to Pakistan for
innocuous reasons to see a dying relative, to get married and to visit his wife.
The suspect's father, Mohammed Zazi, and a New York imam, Ahmad Afzali, accused
of having tipped off the younger Zazi that he was under scrutiny, also were
arrested on charges making false statements to the FBI.   The New York Police
Department had used the imam in the past as an informant. When they asked him
about Zazi, he alerted Zazi that he was under surveillance, forcing federal
officials to bring him in for questioning sooner than they had initially
planned.   "Are there things we could have done differently? I'm sure we'll find
there are," Holder said, adding that overall he was pleased at how well the New
York police worked with the FBI.   He also cited the investigation in urging
Congress to extend the three surveillance techniques in the Patriot Act that
expire later this year, calling them vital tools in protecting the country. The
law first was adopted by Congress during George W. Bush's presidency after the
2001 attacks.



 Pic: September 11 Twin Tower attacks

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday

Disrupted US bomb plot was seen as serious threat

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 557 words



HIGHLIGHT: A recently disrupted bombing plot represented one of the most serious
security threats to the United States since the September 11 attacks, Attorney
General Eric Holder said.


"I can say the investigation is pretty far along. We have a pretty good handle
who was involved and what was intended," Holder told a news briefing.   "This
alleged plot was one of the most serious terrorist threats to our country since
September 11, 2001."   An Afghan immigrant, Najibullah Zazi, was indicted last
month by a federal grand jury in New York on charges of plotting to explode
bombs in the United States. Zazi, who is being held without bail, has pleaded
not guilty,    Prosecutors said Zazi took a bomb-making course at an al Qaeda
training camp in Pakistan, had notes on how to make explosives on his laptop
computer and acquired materials similar to those used in bomb attacks in London
in 2005, buying acetone and hydrogen peroxide at beauty supply stores.

Holder said the plot, if it had been successful, could have killed "scores" of
Americans, based on the chemicals involved, the history of similar plots and the
number of people suspected of being involved.   President Obama met with
officials at the National Counterterrorism Center in Virginia and congratulated
them for their work to thwart the alleged plot.   "You know that we're facing
determined adversaries who are resourceful, who are resilient, and who are still
plotting," he said.   The FBI has had under surveillance other suspects it
believes may have helped Zazi acquire the chemicals and consulted with him on
how to make explosives.   Asked about whether there would be more arrests and
others charged, Holder replied, "It is our intention to bring all those involved
in the plot to justice" and "the investigation is ongoing."   Zazi initially was
charged in Colorado with lying to the FBI. He was later indicted on the
terrorism charge in Brooklyn federal court and transferred to New York on
September 25.   The investigation became public several weeks ago when police
raided apartments in the New York City borough of Queens that Zazi had visited
around the time of the anniversary of the 2001 attacks.     Al Qaeda connection
Holder said Zazi visited Pakistan in 2008, when he allegedly attended an al
Qaeda training camp.   "There certainly was an al Qaeda connection," Holder
said.   Zazi's attorney has insisted that his client traveled to Pakistan for
innocuous reasons to see a dying relative, to get married and to visit his wife.
The suspect's father, Mohammed Zazi, and a New York imam, Ahmad Afzali, accused
of having tipped off the younger Zazi that he was under scrutiny, also were
arrested on charges making false statements to the FBI.   The New York Police
Department had used the imam in the past as an informant. When they asked him
about Zazi, he alerted Zazi that he was under surveillance, forcing federal
officials to bring him in for questioning sooner than they had initially
planned.   "Are there things we could have done differently? I'm sure we'll find
there are," Holder said, adding that overall he was pleased at how well the New
York police worked with the FBI.   He also cited the investigation in urging
Congress to extend the three surveillance techniques in the Patriot Act that
expire later this year, calling them vital tools in protecting the country. The
law first was adopted by Congress during George W. Bush's presidency after the
2001 attacks.



 Pic: September 11 Twin Tower attacks

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday

Disrupted US bomb plot was seen as serious threat

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 557 words



HIGHLIGHT: A recently disrupted bombing plot represented one of the most serious
security threats to the United States since the September 11 attacks, Attorney
General Eric Holder said.


"I can say the investigation is pretty far along. We have a pretty good handle
who was involved and what was intended," Holder told a news briefing.   "This
alleged plot was one of the most serious terrorist threats to our country since
September 11, 2001."   An Afghan immigrant, Najibullah Zazi, was indicted last
month by a federal grand jury in New York on charges of plotting to explode
bombs in the United States. Zazi, who is being held without bail, has pleaded
not guilty,    Prosecutors said Zazi took a bomb-making course at an al Qaeda
training camp in Pakistan, had notes on how to make explosives on his laptop
computer and acquired materials similar to those used in bomb attacks in London
in 2005, buying acetone and hydrogen peroxide at beauty supply stores.

Holder said the plot, if it had been successful, could have killed "scores" of
Americans, based on the chemicals involved, the history of similar plots and the
number of people suspected of being involved.   President Obama met with
officials at the National Counterterrorism Center in Virginia and congratulated
them for their work to thwart the alleged plot.   "You know that we're facing
determined adversaries who are resourceful, who are resilient, and who are still
plotting," he said.   The FBI has had under surveillance other suspects it
believes may have helped Zazi acquire the chemicals and consulted with him on
how to make explosives.   Asked about whether there would be more arrests and
others charged, Holder replied, "It is our intention to bring all those involved
in the plot to justice" and "the investigation is ongoing."   Zazi initially was
charged in Colorado with lying to the FBI. He was later indicted on the
terrorism charge in Brooklyn federal court and transferred to New York on
September 25.   The investigation became public several weeks ago when police
raided apartments in the New York City borough of Queens that Zazi had visited
around the time of the anniversary of the 2001 attacks.     Al Qaeda connection
Holder said Zazi visited Pakistan in 2008, when he allegedly attended an al
Qaeda training camp.   "There certainly was an al Qaeda connection," Holder
said.   Zazi's attorney has insisted that his client traveled to Pakistan for
innocuous reasons to see a dying relative, to get married and to visit his wife.
The suspect's father, Mohammed Zazi, and a New York imam, Ahmad Afzali, accused
of having tipped off the younger Zazi that he was under scrutiny, also were
arrested on charges making false statements to the FBI.   The New York Police
Department had used the imam in the past as an informant. When they asked him
about Zazi, he alerted Zazi that he was under surveillance, forcing federal
officials to bring him in for questioning sooner than they had initially
planned.   "Are there things we could have done differently? I'm sure we'll find
there are," Holder said, adding that overall he was pleased at how well the New
York police worked with the FBI.   He also cited the investigation in urging
Congress to extend the three surveillance techniques in the Patriot Act that
expire later this year, calling them vital tools in protecting the country. The
law first was adopted by Congress during George W. Bush's presidency after the
2001 attacks.



 Pic: September 11 Twin Tower attacks

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday

Disrupted US bomb plot was seen as serious threat

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 557 words



HIGHLIGHT: A recently disrupted bombing plot represented one of the most serious
security threats to the United States since the September 11 attacks, Attorney
General Eric Holder said.


"I can say the investigation is pretty far along. We have a pretty good handle
who was involved and what was intended," Holder told a news briefing.   "This
alleged plot was one of the most serious terrorist threats to our country since
September 11, 2001."   An Afghan immigrant, Najibullah Zazi, was indicted last
month by a federal grand jury in New York on charges of plotting to explode
bombs in the United States. Zazi, who is being held without bail, has pleaded
not guilty,    Prosecutors said Zazi took a bomb-making course at an al Qaeda
training camp in Pakistan, had notes on how to make explosives on his laptop
computer and acquired materials similar to those used in bomb attacks in London
in 2005, buying acetone and hydrogen peroxide at beauty supply stores.

Holder said the plot, if it had been successful, could have killed "scores" of
Americans, based on the chemicals involved, the history of similar plots and the
number of people suspected of being involved.   President Obama met with
officials at the National Counterterrorism Center in Virginia and congratulated
them for their work to thwart the alleged plot.   "You know that we're facing
determined adversaries who are resourceful, who are resilient, and who are still
plotting," he said.   The FBI has had under surveillance other suspects it
believes may have helped Zazi acquire the chemicals and consulted with him on
how to make explosives.   Asked about whether there would be more arrests and
others charged, Holder replied, "It is our intention to bring all those involved
in the plot to justice" and "the investigation is ongoing."   Zazi initially was
charged in Colorado with lying to the FBI. He was later indicted on the
terrorism charge in Brooklyn federal court and transferred to New York on
September 25.   The investigation became public several weeks ago when police
raided apartments in the New York City borough of Queens that Zazi had visited
around the time of the anniversary of the 2001 attacks.     Al Qaeda connection
Holder said Zazi visited Pakistan in 2008, when he allegedly attended an al
Qaeda training camp.   "There certainly was an al Qaeda connection," Holder
said.   Zazi's attorney has insisted that his client traveled to Pakistan for
innocuous reasons to see a dying relative, to get married and to visit his wife.
The suspect's father, Mohammed Zazi, and a New York imam, Ahmad Afzali, accused
of having tipped off the younger Zazi that he was under scrutiny, also were
arrested on charges making false statements to the FBI.   The New York Police
Department had used the imam in the past as an informant. When they asked him
about Zazi, he alerted Zazi that he was under surveillance, forcing federal
officials to bring him in for questioning sooner than they had initially
planned.   "Are there things we could have done differently? I'm sure we'll find
there are," Holder said, adding that overall he was pleased at how well the New
York police worked with the FBI.   He also cited the investigation in urging
Congress to extend the three surveillance techniques in the Patriot Act that
expire later this year, calling them vital tools in protecting the country. The
law first was adopted by Congress during George W. Bush's presidency after the
2001 attacks.



 Pic: September 11 Twin Tower attacks

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday

Disrupted US bomb plot was seen as serious threat

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 557 words



HIGHLIGHT: A recently disrupted bombing plot represented one of the most serious
security threats to the United States since the September 11 attacks, Attorney
General Eric Holder said.


"I can say the investigation is pretty far along. We have a pretty good handle
who was involved and what was intended," Holder told a news briefing.   "This
alleged plot was one of the most serious terrorist threats to our country since
September 11, 2001."   An Afghan immigrant, Najibullah Zazi, was indicted last
month by a federal grand jury in New York on charges of plotting to explode
bombs in the United States. Zazi, who is being held without bail, has pleaded
not guilty,    Prosecutors said Zazi took a bomb-making course at an al Qaeda
training camp in Pakistan, had notes on how to make explosives on his laptop
computer and acquired materials similar to those used in bomb attacks in London
in 2005, buying acetone and hydrogen peroxide at beauty supply stores.

Holder said the plot, if it had been successful, could have killed "scores" of
Americans, based on the chemicals involved, the history of similar plots and the
number of people suspected of being involved.   President Obama met with
officials at the National Counterterrorism Center in Virginia and congratulated
them for their work to thwart the alleged plot.   "You know that we're facing
determined adversaries who are resourceful, who are resilient, and who are still
plotting," he said.   The FBI has had under surveillance other suspects it
believes may have helped Zazi acquire the chemicals and consulted with him on
how to make explosives.   Asked about whether there would be more arrests and
others charged, Holder replied, "It is our intention to bring all those involved
in the plot to justice" and "the investigation is ongoing."   Zazi initially was
charged in Colorado with lying to the FBI. He was later indicted on the
terrorism charge in Brooklyn federal court and transferred to New York on
September 25.   The investigation became public several weeks ago when police
raided apartments in the New York City borough of Queens that Zazi had visited
around the time of the anniversary of the 2001 attacks.     Al Qaeda connection
Holder said Zazi visited Pakistan in 2008, when he allegedly attended an al
Qaeda training camp.   "There certainly was an al Qaeda connection," Holder
said.   Zazi's attorney has insisted that his client traveled to Pakistan for
innocuous reasons to see a dying relative, to get married and to visit his wife.
The suspect's father, Mohammed Zazi, and a New York imam, Ahmad Afzali, accused
of having tipped off the younger Zazi that he was under scrutiny, also were
arrested on charges making false statements to the FBI.   The New York Police
Department had used the imam in the past as an informant. When they asked him
about Zazi, he alerted Zazi that he was under surveillance, forcing federal
officials to bring him in for questioning sooner than they had initially
planned.   "Are there things we could have done differently? I'm sure we'll find
there are," Holder said, adding that overall he was pleased at how well the New
York police worked with the FBI.   He also cited the investigation in urging
Congress to extend the three surveillance techniques in the Patriot Act that
expire later this year, calling them vital tools in protecting the country. The
law first was adopted by Congress during George W. Bush's presidency after the
2001 attacks.



 Pic: September 11 Twin Tower attacks

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday

Disrupted US bomb plot was seen as serious threat

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 557 words



HIGHLIGHT: A recently disrupted bombing plot represented one of the most serious
security threats to the United States since the September 11 attacks, Attorney
General Eric Holder said.


"I can say the investigation is pretty far along. We have a pretty good handle
who was involved and what was intended," Holder told a news briefing.   "This
alleged plot was one of the most serious terrorist threats to our country since
September 11, 2001."   An Afghan immigrant, Najibullah Zazi, was indicted last
month by a federal grand jury in New York on charges of plotting to explode
bombs in the United States. Zazi, who is being held without bail, has pleaded
not guilty,    Prosecutors said Zazi took a bomb-making course at an al Qaeda
training camp in Pakistan, had notes on how to make explosives on his laptop
computer and acquired materials similar to those used in bomb attacks in London
in 2005, buying acetone and hydrogen peroxide at beauty supply stores.

Holder said the plot, if it had been successful, could have killed "scores" of
Americans, based on the chemicals involved, the history of similar plots and the
number of people suspected of being involved.   President Obama met with
officials at the National Counterterrorism Center in Virginia and congratulated
them for their work to thwart the alleged plot.   "You know that we're facing
determined adversaries who are resourceful, who are resilient, and who are still
plotting," he said.   The FBI has had under surveillance other suspects it
believes may have helped Zazi acquire the chemicals and consulted with him on
how to make explosives.   Asked about whether there would be more arrests and
others charged, Holder replied, "It is our intention to bring all those involved
in the plot to justice" and "the investigation is ongoing."   Zazi initially was
charged in Colorado with lying to the FBI. He was later indicted on the
terrorism charge in Brooklyn federal court and transferred to New York on
September 25.   The investigation became public several weeks ago when police
raided apartments in the New York City borough of Queens that Zazi had visited
around the time of the anniversary of the 2001 attacks.     Al Qaeda connection
Holder said Zazi visited Pakistan in 2008, when he allegedly attended an al
Qaeda training camp.   "There certainly was an al Qaeda connection," Holder
said.   Zazi's attorney has insisted that his client traveled to Pakistan for
innocuous reasons to see a dying relative, to get married and to visit his wife.
The suspect's father, Mohammed Zazi, and a New York imam, Ahmad Afzali, accused
of having tipped off the younger Zazi that he was under scrutiny, also were
arrested on charges making false statements to the FBI.   The New York Police
Department had used the imam in the past as an informant. When they asked him
about Zazi, he alerted Zazi that he was under surveillance, forcing federal
officials to bring him in for questioning sooner than they had initially
planned.   "Are there things we could have done differently? I'm sure we'll find
there are," Holder said, adding that overall he was pleased at how well the New
York police worked with the FBI.   He also cited the investigation in urging
Congress to extend the three surveillance techniques in the Patriot Act that
expire later this year, calling them vital tools in protecting the country. The
law first was adopted by Congress during George W. Bush's presidency after the
2001 attacks.



 Pic: September 11 Twin Tower attacks

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   defenceWeb

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday

Disrupted US bomb plot was seen as serious threat

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 557 words



HIGHLIGHT: A recently disrupted bombing plot represented one of the most serious
security threats to the United States since the September 11 attacks, Attorney
General Eric Holder said.


"I can say the investigation is pretty far along. We have a pretty good handle
who was involved and what was intended," Holder told a news briefing.   "This
alleged plot was one of the most serious terrorist threats to our country since
September 11, 2001."   An Afghan immigrant, Najibullah Zazi, was indicted last
month by a federal grand jury in New York on charges of plotting to explode
bombs in the United States. Zazi, who is being held without bail, has pleaded
not guilty,    Prosecutors said Zazi took a bomb-making course at an al Qaeda
training camp in Pakistan, had notes on how to make explosives on his laptop
computer and acquired materials similar to those used in bomb attacks in London
in 2005, buying acetone and hydrogen peroxide at beauty supply stores.

Holder said the plot, if it had been successful, could have killed "scores" of
Americans, based on the chemicals involved, the history of similar plots and the
number of people suspected of being involved.   President Obama met with
officials at the National Counterterrorism Center in Virginia and congratulated
them for their work to thwart the alleged plot.   "You know that we're facing
determined adversaries who are resourceful, who are resilient, and who are still
plotting," he said.   The FBI has had under surveillance other suspects it
believes may have helped Zazi acquire the chemicals and consulted with him on
how to make explosives.   Asked about whether there would be more arrests and
others charged, Holder replied, "It is our intention to bring all those involved
in the plot to justice" and "the investigation is ongoing."   Zazi initially was
charged in Colorado with lying to the FBI. He was later indicted on the
terrorism charge in Brooklyn federal court and transferred to New York on
September 25.   The investigation became public several weeks ago when police
raided apartments in the New York City borough of Queens that Zazi had visited
around the time of the anniversary of the 2001 attacks.     Al Qaeda connection
Holder said Zazi visited Pakistan in 2008, when he allegedly attended an al
Qaeda training camp.   "There certainly was an al Qaeda connection," Holder
said.   Zazi's attorney has insisted that his client traveled to Pakistan for
innocuous reasons to see a dying relative, to get married and to visit his wife.
The suspect's father, Mohammed Zazi, and a New York imam, Ahmad Afzali, accused
of having tipped off the younger Zazi that he was under scrutiny, also were
arrested on charges making false statements to the FBI.   The New York Police
Department had used the imam in the past as an informant. When they asked him
about Zazi, he alerted Zazi that he was under surveillance, forcing federal
officials to bring him in for questioning sooner than they had initially
planned.   "Are there things we could have done differently? I'm sure we'll find
there are," Holder said, adding that overall he was pleased at how well the New
York police worked with the FBI.   He also cited the investigation in urging
Congress to extend the three surveillance techniques in the Patriot Act that
expire later this year, calling them vital tools in protecting the country. The
law first was adopted by Congress during George W. Bush's presidency after the
2001 attacks.



 Pic: September 11 Twin Tower attacks

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 ITWeb Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             April 24, 2006 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Students had hit list, mayor says;
Alleged plot for massacre at Alaska school disrupted two days after five teens
arrested in Kansas

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 751 words


A foiled plot for a Columbine-style massacre at an Alaska middle school last
week was perhaps months in the making and included a hit list of students and
school staffers who were the alleged targets of six seventh-graders, the town's
mayor said Sunday.

Jeff Jacobson, mayor of North Pole, Alaska, said the Fairbanks suburb was
"relieved" and "heartbroken" after the students were arrested Saturday. It was
the second time authorities said they disrupted a school attack within days of
the seventh anniversary of the Columbine shootings April 20.

The arrest of the Alaska students, who have not been identified publicly by
police, came two days after five Kansas students were arrested in connection
with what investigators say was a planned mass shooting at their high school.

In Riverton, Kan., Sheriff Steve Norman said Sunday that his department's
investigation had broadened to include a search for possible additional weapons
and the source of the firearms provided to the unidentified Riverton High School
suspects, ages 16 to 18.

"I really believe that something bad was going to happen," Norman said. "Every
time we serve a search warrant or follow a lead, the (investigation) seems to
expand like a spider web."

He said the Riverton plot, disrupted when threats were seen on the Internet,
apparently was timed to last Thursday's Columbine anniversary.

The Alaska attack was to unfold last Tuesday, and Jacobson said it did not
appear to be related to the Colorado tragedy in 1999, in which 12 students and a
teacher were killed.

"We're confident everybody involved in this has been dealt with," he said. "But
we're still wondering why children would consider doing something like this. Why
would they be so unhappy that they thought that killing was an option?"

The plots added to a string of threats to schools across the nation since March
1, according to the National School Safety and Security Service.

Among 10 reported threats in the past two months was an online discussion of an
assault at Red Lake, Minn., a year after Jeffrey Weise killed nine people,
wounded five others and fatally shot himself at Red Lake High School.

Kenneth Trump, president of the national school security consulting service,
said the recent incidents track an increase in "aggressive behavior" at schools
in the past three years.

"The good news is that schools and law enforcement are getting better at
preventing these kinds of incidents," Trump said. "The bad news is that we're
still dealing with human behavior. After Columbine, schools worked very hard to
get kids to understand that by revealing this kind of important (threat)
information, they were not snitching -- they may be saving lives."

In Kansas and Alaska, authorities said they had only hours to react before the
attacks were scheduled.

Norman, the Riverton sheriff, said his department was alerted to threats on the
website MySpace.com, a repository of personal messages, on Thursday, when the
attacks were scheduled to be carried out.

He said the Internet posting quickly led to the identification of the five
suspects and the recovery of an undisclosed number of weapons at the home of one
of the suspects.

"We're so fortunate that we can now conduct an investigation into how this thing
got going rather than have to explain to the victims' family members why
something like this could have happened. I don't know what we would have done if
something like this had really happened," said Norman, himself a graduate of
Riverton High.

In Alaska, Jacobson also considered the tragic possibilities if a middle school
student had not informed a parent about threats overheard at school last Monday.

Part of the alleged plan included cutting power and telephone service to the
school of 500 students to more easily carry out the assault using knives and
guns.

Jacobson said the parent contacted the police by Monday evening and suspects
were identified by that night and blocked from entering the campus. The students
allegedly were seeking revenge against bullying classmates, he said.

Although a few of the six suspects had records of "minor" behavior problems in
school, the mayor said none was considered likely to pose any serious threat
before last week.

While in custody, at least some of the suspects expressed remorse, Jacobson
said.

"There seems to be a real disconnect here as far as their appreciation for
fantasy and reality," Jacobson said. "We're still in shock that this could
happen. But we're also heartbroken that these young lives have been so damaged."

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, John Hagen, Fairbanks Daily News-Miner, via AP
PHOTO, B/W, David Stoner, The Joplin (Mo.) Globe via AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             August 20, 2006 Sunday

Terrorists or teens?: School shooters not the same as suicide bombers

BYLINE: Dahlia Lithwick, COMMENTARY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 1553 words


AT FIRST Blush, it's just outrageous. Across the country, teenagers are being
tried as terrorists for plots to shoot their enemies in the lunchroom. In many
cases, they have been charged under terrorism laws intended to keep us safe from
al-Qaida, not from anguished Goths with dreams of grandeur.

Prosecutors say that angry young men amassing guns and bombs really is
terrorism, that the students killed in 1999 at Columbine High School are as much
terrorism victims as the workers killed in the World Trade Center in 2001.

Defense lawyers say these prosecutions are overblown; they allow prosecutors to
claim huge victories against terrorism when they've just put a pimply misfit
behind bars.

As is often the case, the truth lies somewhere in the middle.

There is a difference between terrorists and teenagers, and using stiff
anti-terrorism laws to ratchet up penalties and punish juveniles as adults
obscures an important distinction.

As Michael Greenberger, a law professor at the University of Maryland, recently
told USA Today, charging troubled teenagers as terrorists "cheapens the war on
terror."

There's a profound difference between fundamentalist Islamic terrorism, domestic
terrorism such as Timothy McVeigh's bombing in Oklahoma City and juvenile plots
to shoot the cool kids in study hall.

Charging all three classes of offenders as terrorists only serves to blur the
already-porous legal definition of terrorism. It suggests that the lonely kid
who posts bomb threats on his MySpace page is the moral equivalent of Mohamed
Atta.

But that lonely kid can prove to be a lethal kid, and, as Columbine's Eric
Harris and Dylan Klebold, and D.C. sniper Lee Boyd Malvo, proved, that you're in
high school hardly matters when you've fatally shot someone.

While it's clear that we shouldn't be using terrorism laws to prosecute teenage
death threats, the striking parallels between fundamentalist terrorists and
alleged school shooters offer intriguing insight into the policy strategies for
addressing both.

The annual crop of Columbine wannabes flourished yet again this year. And where
they once may have been charged with conspiracy or attempted assault, they are
now charged as terrorists. Which probably rules out college.

In April -- timed, as ever, to coincide with the anniversary of the Columbine
killings -- a string of disturbing plots emerged: Four New Jersey students, ages
14 to 16, were charged with first-degree terrorism on suspicion of plotting to
massacre at least 17 people during lunchtime at Winslow Township High School on
April 20, seven years to the day after Columbine. None of the students had been
able to obtain weapons.

In Kansas City, Mo., two 17-year-olds were charged with making terrorist threats
in an alleged plot to use guns and explosives against Platte County R-3 High
School, also timed to coincide with the Columbine anniversary.

In Michigan, prosecutors are deciding whether to file terrorism charges against
a 16-year-old Oxford boy accused of stockpiling homemade bombs, napalm and
blueprints of his high school in his parents' basement. Also in Michigan, Andrew
Osantowski, 18, of Macomb County was sentenced to at least 41/2 years in prison
in June after a jury found him guilty of terrorism and making terrorist threats
in a plot to massacre students at his suburban Detroit high school.

Amassed in his home were an AK-47, pipe bombs, a Nazi flag, printed material
about Adolf Hitler and a schematic diagram of his school.

One of the striking similarities in all these school shooting plots is this lack
of originality.

There's always the stupid Nazi flag. There's always the school schematic.
There's usually a pornographically detailed written plan. It's as though the
same adolescent drive to own the same style of Nikes as all the other kids
animates a need to plot the exact same killing spree.

And perhaps that is the parallel between the 9/11 terrorists and these would-be
school shooters -- their fundamental passivity, failure of imagination and
willingness to be led without thought.

There's another telling similarity between suicide bombers and teenage would-be
suicide-shooters: A Secret Service study undertaken in response to the rash of
school shootings in the late 1990s found that of the 41 teenage shooters studied
-- ranging in age from 11 to 21 and with little commonality in family
background, income or intelligence -- the only common links were depression and
suicidal tendencies.

Moreover, like suicide bombers, school shooters see themselves as victims. The
report indicated that more than two-thirds of the school shooters felt
persecuted or bullied. The motive for the shooting often was revenge.

In that sense, too, school shooters could be compared to terrorists; they feel
victimized and despairing, they hunger for revenge and they need to have their
lives matter, even if only in hindsight.

One of the most pathetic details that emerged with last month's release of
nearly 1,000 pages of previously confidential diary entries, notes and
schoolwork of the two Columbine shooters was this: Sandwiched between the hatred
and loneliness and alienation was a simple yet acute longing for girlfriends. As
Newsweek reported, Klebold, 17 at the time, lamented, "I don't know what I do
wrong with people (mainly women) it's like they set out to hate & ignore me."

This is not unlike the longings of the fundamentalist suicide bomber, whose
religious beliefs often lead to a complicated mix of desire for and loathing of
women.

Certainly, there are differences between disaffected Goths and suicide bombers.
The role that religion plays in the minds of the latter group cannot be
underestimated.

More broadly, teenagers are teenagers, and they are not criminally culpable in
the way an adult might be, even when their attacks are as lethal. And because
teenage boys with grudges are fundamentally different from men with liquid
explosives, we should resist the temptation to use terrorism laws to prosecute
them; even when those laws offer the prospect of longer sentences and trial in
adult court.

Still, it may well be the case that the best legal analogy we have for teenagers
plotting a repeat of Columbine in this country is religious terrorism. In both
cases, the offenders are alienated and grandiose, bitter and vengeful. And
although we shouldn't use laws fashioned for terrorists to try high-schoolers
with homemade bombs, we should consider the parallels between them in fashioning
laws to deter and punish both.

Lithwick covers legal affairs for Slate, the online magazine at www.slate.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                            December 14, 2012 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Alleged Bieber death plot derailed at border

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 334 words

DATELINE: ALBUQUERQUE, N.M.


A plot to kill Justin Bieber, allegedly masterminded by a 45-year-old prisoner
obsessed with the young star, was derailed when the accused would-be assassins
accidentally ended up at the Canadian border, according to court documents.

Dana Martin, serving two life sentences in a New Mexico prison for the killing
of a 15-year-old girl, told police he had hatched the scheme after Bieber never
returned messages he sent to the 18-year-old "Beauty and a Beat" singer.

Police recounted in an affidavit filed in a New Mexico court that Martin, who
has a tattoo of Bieber on his leg, told them the perceived slight was part of
what led him to dream up the alleged murder plot.

Martin said he drew Mark Staake, 41, into his plot when they met in prison this
year by telling Staake that he had access to a lot of money, had a
multi-million-dollar family farm in Vermont that could serve as a hide-out and
had connections in a Chinese gang in New York.

Staake brought his 23-year-old nephew, Tanner D. Ruane - his "right-hand man" -
into the scheme, Martin told investigators. Staake was released on probation at
the end of October and started to track Bieber's whereabouts, Martin said. The
murder was to take place in New York at the end of November, according to the
affidavit, which was when Bieber was in the city to give a concert.

The uncle and nephew team arrived in Vermont on Nov. 19, but on the highway they
realized they were headed to the Canadian border, according to the affidavit.

They missed the last exit before the border and turned around to join the cars
entering the High-gate Springs, Vt., point of entry, police said.

The U.S. border agent found Staake had an outstanding probation violation
warrant from New Mexico and he was arrested.

Staake and Ruane were arrested on charges of two counts each of conspiracy to
commit murder and two counts each of conspiracy to commit aggravated battery.

Police are waiting for them to be extradited back to New Mexico, at which time
they will be interviewed.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / BIEBER;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 2, 1996, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Bomb-Plot Defendants Fight Evidence of Plan to Harm Pope

BYLINE: By CHRISTOPHER S. WREN

SECTION: Section B;  Page 3;  Column 5;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 390 words


Lawyers for Ramzi Ahmed Yousef yesterday fought a request by prosecutors to
introduce into his month-old terrorism trial the existence of a separate plot to
harm Pope John Paul II during his visit to the Philippines in January 1995.

Mr. Yousef and two co-defendants, Abdul Hakim Murad and Wali Khan Amin Shah, are
accused in Federal District Court in Manhattan of conspiring to bomb a dozen
American jumbo jetliners in Asia, also in early 1995. Mr. Yousef is also
scheduled to stand trial here later this year on charges that he was the
architect of the bombing of the World Trade Center on Feb. 26, 1993.

Judge Kevin Thomas Duffy did not immediately rule on the admissibility of
evidence about a plot against the Pope, though he implied that he would allow
it.

The allegation that the Pope was among Mr. Yousef's targets is not included in
the 21-count indictment against the defendants. But the prosecutors told Judge
Duffy that they had to introduce the new details because defense lawyers had
touched upon the plot in their cross-examination of Philippine police officers.

The police officers testified about their search of a Manila apartment that the
authorities say was rented by Mr. Yousef in which Bibles, cassocks and pictures
of the Pope were found together with bomb-making material that prosecutors
introduced as evidence of a conspiracy to bomb the American jetliners.

The imminence of the papal visit explains why the Philippine police were so
concerned about finding bomb ingredients in the apartment. They searched the
apartment on Jan. 7, 1995, after smoke was seen coming out of the windows while
Mr. Yousef and Mr. Murad were mixing explosive chemicals, according to the
indictment.

The prosecution's case suffered a setback last week when a key police witness,
Orlando Ramilo, testified that on orders from his superiors, he inserted
untruthful material into his report on what was found in the apartment. Defense
lawyers then raised doubts about other evidence gathered by the Philippine
police, which forms the core of the conspiracy case against Mr. Yousef, Mr.
Murad and Mr. Shah.

At a brief hearing before the trial resumed this morning, Mr. Shah's lawyer,
David S. Greenfield, accused the prosecutors of trying to strengthen their case
"by injecting the good name and the prominence of the Pope."

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             July 8, 2010 Thursday

U.S. charged five men with plotting bomb in N.Y. subway system

LENGTH: 485  words

DATELINE: United States


United States, July 08 -- United States charged five men on Wednesday with
plotting to bomb New York City's subway system and attack an unidentified target
in Britain under orders from al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan.

Another two men, Najibullah Zazi and Zarein Ahmedzay have already pleaded guilty
to the New York subway bomb plot, which authorities foiled in September and
described as the most serious threat to New York since the September 11, 2001
attacks.

Adnan El Shukrijumah, Adis Medunjanin, Abid Naseer, Tariq Ur Rehman, and a fifth
man known as "Ahmad," were charged on Wednesday with 10 counts, including
conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction and to commit murder in a foreign
country.

Medunjanin, who attended a New York high school with Zazi and Ahmedzay, was
arrested in January and has pleaded not guilty to charges related to the subway
plot. New charges on Wednesday accused him of trying to crash his car into
another car in New York in a last bid to carry out a suicide attack.

The indictment said Shukrijumah, who is accused of being an al Qaeda operations
leader, and Ahmad "recruited and directed, Adis Medunjanin, Najibullah Zazi and
Zarein Ahmedzay to conduct a terrorist attack in the United States."

The New York plot was linked to the British plot by Ahmad, prosecutors said.
Ahmad, an accused al-Qaeda facilitator in Peshawar, Pakistan, communicated with
Zazi about the New York plot and with Naseer about a British plot, they said.

Naseer and Rehman were among 12 men detained on terrorism charges after a raid
in northwest England in April 2009. Officials said they found surveillance
photos of public areas in Manchester, but authorities did not have enough
evidence to charge the men and they were released.

Abid Naseer was arrested again in England on Wednesday and is awaiting
extradition to the United States.

Rehman, Shukrijumah and Ahmad are still at large. The FBI has long said that
Saudi Arabian native Shukrijumah, who has a Guyanese passport, was a threat to
the United States and there is a $5 million reward for his capture.

Shukrijumah has also been linked by U.S. authorities to other terrorism
suspects, including a group of men accused of planning to bomb fuel pipelines at
New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport.

U.S. prosecutors also said Saleh al-Somali, al Qaeda's head of international
operations, and Rashid Rauf, a British al Qaeda militant suspected of being the
ringleader of a 2006 plot to blow up airliners over the Atlantic, helped plan
the failed New York subway attack. Both are believed to be dead. No explosives
were found in the New York case, but Zazi admitted receiving bomb-making and
weapons training from al Qaeda in Pakistan's Waziristan region bordering
Afghanistan Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker.
For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             July 8, 2010 Thursday

US charged five men with plotting bomb in NY subway system

LENGTH: 485  words

DATELINE: United States


United States, July 08 -- United States charged five men on Wednesday with
plotting to bomb New York City's subway system and attack an unidentified target
in Britain under orders from al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan.

Another two men, Najibullah Zazi and Zarein Ahmedzay have already pleaded guilty
to the New York subway bomb plot, which authorities foiled in September and
described as the most serious threat to New York since the September 11, 2001
attacks.

Adnan El Shukrijumah, Adis Medunjanin, Abid Naseer, Tariq Ur Rehman, and a fifth
man known as "Ahmad," were charged on Wednesday with 10 counts, including
conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction and to commit murder in a foreign
country.

Medunjanin, who attended a New York high school with Zazi and Ahmedzay, was
arrested in January and has pleaded not guilty to charges related to the subway
plot. New charges on Wednesday accused him of trying to crash his car into
another car in New York in a last bid to carry out a suicide attack.

The indictment said Shukrijumah, who is accused of being an al Qaeda operations
leader, and Ahmad "recruited and directed, Adis Medunjanin, Najibullah Zazi and
Zarein Ahmedzay to conduct a terrorist attack in the United States."

The New York plot was linked to the British plot by Ahmad, prosecutors said.
Ahmad, an accused al-Qaeda facilitator in Peshawar, Pakistan, communicated with
Zazi about the New York plot and with Naseer about a British plot, they said.

Naseer and Rehman were among 12 men detained on terrorism charges after a raid
in northwest England in April 2009. Officials said they found surveillance
photos of public areas in Manchester, but authorities did not have enough
evidence to charge the men and they were released.

Abid Naseer was arrested again in England on Wednesday and is awaiting
extradition to the United States.

Rehman, Shukrijumah and Ahmad are still at large. The FBI has long said that
Saudi Arabian native Shukrijumah, who has a Guyanese passport, was a threat to
the United States and there is a $5 million reward for his capture.

Shukrijumah has also been linked by U.S. authorities to other terrorism
suspects, including a group of men accused of planning to bomb fuel pipelines at
New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport.

U.S. prosecutors also said Saleh al-Somali, al Qaeda's head of international
operations, and Rashid Rauf, a British al Qaeda militant suspected of being the
ringleader of a 2006 plot to blow up airliners over the Atlantic, helped plan
the failed New York subway attack. Both are believed to be dead. No explosives
were found in the New York case, but Zazi admitted receiving bomb-making and
weapons training from al Qaeda in Pakistan's Waziristan region bordering
Afghanistan Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker.
For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             August 22, 2011 Monday

Coffin squeeze ruined wife's plot: hubby IT'S A GRAVE ERROR Exclusive

BYLINE: RICH CALDER

SECTION: ; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 504 words


People are dying to get in - and this scandal-scarred Brooklyn cemetery has no
problem packing 'em in like sardines!

A Queens senior says his wife's grave was recently "desecrated" - and her casket
possibly damaged - at Brooklyn's Cypress Hills Cemetery by workers stuffing
another casket in a too-close-for-comfort plot nearby.

"I'm devastated! A person should be able to rest in peace - not rest in peace
with a question mark," said Joe Iorio, whose late wife, Barbara Jean, died
tragically of leukemia in 1968 at the age of 22.

Iorio, a 66-year-old Ozone Park lab technician, says he visited her grave Aug.
12 and was nearly shocked to death after discovering that hours earlier, workers
apparently had "dug up" the once-grassy area. A garden of silk flowers he
carefully set up during regular visits over the decades was suddenly gone - its
remains tossed in a black garbage bag.

The Post visited the plot this week and found it - and an adjacent plot -
resembling freshly dug graves.

Iorio said he's furious because cemetery workers told him they dug on his wife's
plot to add a second casket to one next to it - and Barbara Jean's casket was
damaged in the process.

"They said it's common to dig on other people's graves to put new caskets [in
adjacent plots]," he said. "How can they do this without telling me, when I own
her plot?"

Several cemetery workers confirmed that they occasionally dig onto adjacent
plots when burying caskets, usually to compensate for caskets shifting below
ground.

"We try to go straight down, but sometimes it's like a puzzle," said one worker.

Anthony Desmond, the cemetery's manager, said he believes that workers didn't
actually dig in Barbara Jean's plot, but that its topsoil "unavoidably" fell
into the hole being dug for the adjacent plot's new casket. He also attributed
any casket damage to "pressure" from being buried for decades - not to machinery
or shovels scraping the casket during last week's digging.

According to the state Division of Cemeteries, no laws exist to deal with such
sensitive issues. Plot owners might hold the rights to be buried at a site, but
have little control over limiting access, as a homeowner would have.

Cemeteries set most of their own rules, including distance between graves.

The 163-year-old, 225-acre Cypress Hills Cemetery is run by a nonprofit
organization and has a long, controversial history.

A state judge in 1998 ordered hundreds of coffins to be moved after it was
discovered they were buried within a mountain of unstable construction debris.
The state Attorney General's Office five years earlier had filed misconduct
claims against the cemetery and put it under the control of a temporary
receiver.

Iorio said he plans to file a complaint with the state's Division of Cemeteries
and is considering a lawsuit - even if it means he has to exhume his wife's
coffin to see if the recent digging damaged it.

Additional reporting by Candace Amos and Gabriella Bass

rich.calder@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: VIGILANT: Joseph Iorio kneels by the grave of his wife,Barbara Jean
(inset), which he says was disturbed by cemetery workers fitting another coffin
into an adjacent plot. [Gabriella Bass]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                           September 4, 2004 Saturday

High bail set in murder-for-hire plot

BYLINE: LISA REDMOND, Sun Staff

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 318 words


LOWELL An inmate at the House of Correction in Billerica was ordered held on
$500,000 cash bail in a murder-for-hire plot to kill his wife along with a
Medford police officer, according to District Attorney Martha Coakley.

Robert Lamb, 36, of Medford, pleaded innocent in Middlesex Superior Court this
week to two counts of conspiracy to commit murder and four counts of
solicitation for a felony.

Although he is already serving a sentence at the House of Correction in
Billerica for a domestic assault and battery conviction, Middlesex Superior
Court Judge Leila Kern set a high bail in the murder plot case.

Former Billerica inmate Barry Joyce, 47, of Boston, was arraigned in Lowell
District Court last Dec. 17 for the murder-for-hire plot, then indicted in
January on two counts of conspiracy to commit murder and two counts of being a
habitual offender.

Lamb allegedly hired Joyce who was in jail for a breaking-and-entering charge in
March 2003 while they were in Cambridge Jail together.

The agreed price was $20,000. The plot called for Joyce to kill Lamb's Russian
mail-order bride and Medford Police Officer Carl Brooks, who testified at the
assault-and-battery trial.

When Joyce was released from jail, he spoke to Lamb, who was at the House of
Correction in Billerica. Officials learned of the plot in December.

But Joyce allegedly failed to complete the deal in time, so police said Lamb
allegedly solicited another hit man an undercover state police trooper whom Lamb
then hired for $5,000, officials have said.

Joyce was released on $75,000 bail in January. The bail included $50,000 on the
murder plot and $25,000 for an unrelated breaking-and-entering case.

Joyce forfeited the bail posted by a relative living in Epping, N.H., when he
missed a court appearance in March.

Investigators have tracked Joyce to New York City, according to officials.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               April 14, 2003 Monday Five Star Late Lift Edition

NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: WEST POST ; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 528 words


MARYLAND HEIGHTS

City will provide first community garden

The city of Maryland Heights is providing space for its first community garden
for residents.

The garden, which will feature 15-foot by 15-foot plots, will be situated south
of Maryland Heights Centre on McKelvey Road, and available on a first-come,
first-served basis. The application fee for each plot is $10.

The plots, which may be used for vegetables or flowers, will be assigned by the
parks and recreation staff at an organizational meeting at 7 p.m. on April 24 at
the Maryland Heights Centre, 2344 McKelvey Road.

The city will till and stake out the garden plots and provide a water source and
trash bins. Residents will be responsible for their own tools, hoses and
maintenance of their plots, which will not be fenced.
 Anyone wishing to apply for a plot may call 314-434-1915.

ST. LOUIS COUNTY

County may lease land along lake to rowersSt. Louis County may lease 2 1/2 acres
on the north shore of Creve Coeur Lake to the St. Louis Rowing Club, which uses
the lake, and Washington University, whose rowing team trains there.

The lake is in Creve Coeur County Park. The two groups would construct a
community rowing center with seven storage bays for such boats as rowing sculls,
kayaks and canoes, a locker room, exercise area and restroom.

The center would have one bay for public use. Money from renting the bay would
pay for operating expenses and improvements.

The lease would be for 25 years with options for two five-year renewals.
 County Executive George "Buzz" Westfall has asked the County Council to
authorize the lease.

ROCK HILL

Civic center lawsuits are now consolidatedSt. Louis County Circuit Judge James
R. Hartenbach has consolidated two Rock Hill lawsuits aimed at condemning the
nearly 7.8-acre Gerber property for a new 73,000-square-foot civic center. He
scheduled a hearing on the matter for 9 a.m. on May 15.

The first lawsuit was Rock Hill's initial attempt to condemn the property. After
Hartenbach dismissed it without prejudice, Rock Hill both asked the judge to
reconsider his ruling and filed a second condemnation suit. Hartenbach later
revived the first suit and Rock Hill asked that he combine the two cases.

The Gerber property is on the east side of McKnight Road south of Litzsinger
Road.

PARKWAY DISTRICT

Assessment will be topic of Dialogue NetworkParents of students in the Parkway
School District can learn about the district's assessment methods and ask
questions on April 22 at a meeting of the Parkway Dialogue Network.

The forum on student assessment will be held at 7 p.m. at Parkway Northeast
Middle School, 181 Coeur DeVille Drive in Creve Coeur.

The panel will include:

Dan Coates, director of program evaluation.

Denise Pupillo, coordinator of gifted and talented education. Charlotte Ijei,
coordinator of guidance and counseling.

Enza Haug, Central area coordinator for the Special School District.

Linda Sodemann, high school counselor.

Mary Rueschhoff, middle school counselor.

Nancy Groth, elementary school counselor.

The forum is free and open to the public. For more information, call
314-415-8114.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                             April 1, 2010 Thursday
                        DOUGLAS/GRAFTON/MILLBURY EDITION

Community Garden needs sponsors, donations

SECTION: Neighbors; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 576 words


GRAFTON - The Grafton Garden Club is looking for sponsors to donate money or
materials for the newly created Community Garden at 48 Old Westboro Road. The
garden needs one ton of lime; hay or stones for the pathways between the plots;
an electric fence around the garden (approximately 500 feet perimeter) including
solar panels and battery; a wheelbarrow and a lawnmower.

To make a donation, call Michael at (508) 887-5600. For more information, go to
garden.graftongardenclub.org.

The Board of Selectmen recently approved the club's proposal for a garden. The
club is now accepting applications from residents to rent 20-by-20-foot plots to
grow vegetables, herbs, flowers and short fruiting bushes. Applications are
available at garden.graftongardenclub.org, by e-mailing
info@graftongardenclub.org or by calling Michael at (508) 887-5600. Applications
and plot fees are due April 15 and should be sent to P.O. Box 453, Grafton, MA
01519-0453. Plot assignments will be mailed out by the end of April and planting
starts in May.

Northbridge students in DECA event

Twenty-three Northbridge High School students recently competed in the 51st
annual Massachusetts DECA State Competition in Boston. The students were: Nick
Abraham, Mike Barkin, Julie Broderick, Denise D'Amico, Hayden Dorfman, Natasha
Farrington, Cynthia Feen, Lauren Gallant, Sadie Green, Matt Kane, Mitch Kelley,
Allison Kosciak, Ashley LeBlanc, Evan MacIntosh, Ryan Masterson, Gabrielle
Mello, Thomas Murphy, John O'Brien, John Perro, Jordan Pimentel, Kirsten Ropiak,
Brianna Scherer and Kraig Spencer.

The team of Sadie Green, Ashley LeBlanc and Brianna Scherer placed second in the
Financial Operation Research Event, qualifying to compete in the International
DECA Competition in Louisville, Ky., in April. The team worked closely with
UniBank of Whitinsville on their project.

Allison Kosciak and Gabbi Mello will be attending the Leadership Development
Academy in Louisville.

Nick Abraham, Mike Barkin, Julie Broderick, Denise D'Amico and Allison Kosciak
placed in the top 10 of their categories. Nick Abraham received two third place
medals for his role playing effort. And, Mike Barkin received a first place
medal for his score on his marketing test.

Allcare Medical celebrates 10 years

MILLBURY- Allcare Medical Supply, 30 Grafton St., is celebrating 10 years in
business. Bill Fredericks, president and CEO, started Allcare on April 1 of 2000
with no clients and no staff. The company now provides home medical equipment to
thousands of patients in the Blackstone Valley and throughout Massachusetts. An
invitation-only dinner is planned at O'Connor's restaurant in Worcester for
staff, family and friends who helped contribute to their success.

Students chosen for science competition

High School juniors Shanise Perez and Jessica Donati have been selected to
participate in the Future Research Scientist Competition hosted by the Center
for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine at the University of
Massachusetts in Worcester.

The students will have the opportunity to work as research scientists in a
state-of-the-art laboratory. The competitors will complete a DNA fingerprinting
analysis at the Rose Gordon facility in Shrewsbury and will present their
findings in a poster competition on May 1. The grand prize includes a spot in
the center's Biology Boot Camp summer internship program as well as a donation
of laboratory equipment from Bio-Rad to the winner's science department.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS
SUBMITTED PHOTO
(1) Volunteers get ready to work on the new Community Garden in Grafton. (2)
Northbridge High students pose with their trophies at the state DECA
competition.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                             August 11, 2006 Friday

National Guard deployed to watch over Ontario International Airport

BYLINE: By Mason Stockstill, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 588 words


ONTARIO - National Guard troops arrived at Ontario International Airport on
Friday, providing an additional layer of security at the airport just days after
an apparent terror attack was thwarted in Britain.

The 30 troops will help screen passengers and baggage as well as provide
security throughout the airport's property, said Capt. Jeremy Johnson, of the
1st Squadron, 18th Cavalry Regiment out of Ontario.

"On civil missions like this, we've got a lot of experience," Johnson said. "A
lot of these guys have done three or four of these."

Photo Galleries:
  Ontario International Airport on High Alert after Terror Plot
  Terror plot defeated
  LAX on High Alert, Friday 08/11

Related Articles:
  At ONT, travelers put up with more security
  New airport rules will have varying effects on businesses
  British foil plot to kill thousands in jetliners over Atlantic
The troops -- including several with rifles slung over their shoulders -- served
as a stark visual reminder of the lengths to which state officials would go to
maintain public confidence in airport security.

Clad in camouflage and combat boots, several troops stood watch west of the
pickup and drop-off points at ONT's terminals, with HMMVs parked nearby.

They're the latest security change at the airport since British officials
uncovered a plot earlier this week to blow up several airplanes in midair. If it
had been pulled off, officials said the plan could have rivaled the Sept. 11
attacks in its level of destruction.

Investigators said the suspects planned to detonate liquid explosives smuggled
onto flights from Britain to the United States in items such as shampoo
containers and water bottles.

Because of that threat, nearly all fluids were banned from carry-on luggage
throughout the United States.

"We cannot say how long these measures will remain in place, but we will not be
pressured to change them," said Kip Hawley, assistant secretary of the
Transportation Security Administration, in a statement. "The safety of the
traveling public remains our constant mission. Caution still demands heightened
vigilance."

The move caused severe congestion at airports across the country Thursday, but
by the next day most screening lines were moving at regular speeds. On Friday,
trash cans at ONT that had overflowed the day before with bottles of lotion,
shampoo and water were largely empty.

Still, federal officials urged travelers to arrive at the airport at least two
hours prior to their scheduled take-offs for domestic flights, and three to four
hours early for international flights.

"I can assure the people of California that we are doing everything to keep them
safe and to return our airports to normal operations as quickly as possible,"
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said.

The governor had originally sent troops only to the international airports in
Los Angeles, Oakland and San Francisco, which serve flights to and from European
destinations.

However, Oakland declined the troops, and the deployment was expanded Friday to
include Ontario and San Diego airports.

The troops will remain at the airports for at least seven days, and perhaps more
if the national terror threat level remains at orange or higher, said Gen.
William Wade, adjutant general of the California National Guard.

"It's been proven, since the events of 9/11, that this additional level of
deterrence is an effective measure in trying to combat acts of terrorism," Wade
said.

Mason Stockstill can be reached by e-mail at mason.stockstill@dailybulletin.com
or by phone at (909) 483-9354.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: National Guard troops from the 1st Squadron, 18th Cavalry Regiment out
of Ontario, from left, 1SG Lawrence Smith, Lt. Col. Kurt Andrew Schlichter and
Capt. Jeremy Johnson walk near the front of Terminal 4 at Ontario International
Airport on Friday, August 11, 2006. National Guard troops were deployed to
several airports in California because of the elevated security level in effect
since Thursday. (Marc Campos/Staff Photographer)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 22, 1991, Monday, Final Edition

'Gunpowder, Treason and Plot' (Cont'd.)

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A10; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 500 words


Sheila Campbell is dead wrong in her assertion [letters, July 15] that Guy
Fawkes Day has nothing to do with the pope.

Because Guy Fawkes was believed to have set up the Gunpowder Plot to blow up
Parliament in order to return England to Roman Catholicism, Nov. 5 has long been
a day to celebrate England's salvation from the tyranny of Rome.

So strong was this connection that in the colonies Guy Fawke's Day was called
"Pope's Day." In Boston, mobs from different parts of the city made huge
papier-mache popes, which they paraded around the city. One mob eventually beat
out the others and dragged the popes to Boston Common, where they were burned
amid wild jubilation and patriotic anti-Catholic speeches. When the hated Stamp
Act was put into effect Nov. 1, 1765, Sam Adams had the clever idea of
persuading the leaders of the mobs to attack the "real" agent of Roman tyranny,
the Stamp Tax Man, and to burn his office. Hence were born the Sons of Liberty.

During the American Revolution, Pope's Day celebrations were banned mostly to
avoid offending our Catholic allies, the French. After Yorktown, all of the
patriotic hoopla of the old English holiday was transferred to July 4 --
bonfires, patriotic speeches, parades and all. DAVID R. WILLIAMS Lincoln, Va.

Your correspondent Sheila Campbell asserts that Guy Fawkes Day and the Gunpowder
Plot, which it memorializes, had nothing to do with the pope. What an odd
belief. I thought even Americans knew better than that. An American reference
work, to which I would direct Sheila Campbell, notes that Fawkes was a Catholic
convert and that the Gunpowder Plot was "in revenge for penal laws against
Catholics." Fawkes and his fellow plotters made no bones about their motivation
as Roman Catholics.

Is it really possible that the pope was not "in the loop"?

As a young boy in the '20s I pushed my Guy in a barrow and was told that the
Gunpowder Plot was caused by the "dirty Catholics."

As a mature agnostic, I now find Catholics as salubrious as any other group of
faithful, but my respect for historic accuracy calls me to differ with Sheila
Campbell.

LOUIS K. MATHER Arlington

Shelia Campbell is incorrect when she writes that the celebration of Guy Fawkes
Day in England has nothing to do with the pope. The festival dates back to the
reign of James I in 1605, when a plot was discovered to blow up the Houses of
Parliament with all of the royal family. James had ordered the expulsion of all
Catholic priests in England that summer as he became concerned over the growth
of Catholicism in England that followed his initial policies of tolerance. Guy
Fawkes, as well as certain Jesuits and other Catholic leaders, was arrested and
executed. The Gunpowder Plot became a symbol of Catholic treachery and was used
to justify the hysterical anti-Catholicism that followed. It is usually Guy,
rather than the pope, who is burned in effigy in a custom that is still followed
to this day.

BEN F. FORDNEY Harrisburg, Va.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 29, 1983, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

EX-C.I.A. AGENT ON TRIAL, ACCUSED OF SENDING LIBYA EXPLOSIVES

BYLINE: By WAYNE KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 7, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 578 words

DATELINE: HOUSTON, Jan. 28


The defense attorney for Edwin P. Wilson, the former intelligence agent charged
with illegally shipping 20 tons of plastic explosives to Libyan terrorists,
maintained in the trial today that Mr. Wilson was ''in effect a de facto C.I.A.
agent'' when the shipment was made in 1977.

The lawyer, Herald Price Fahringer, also said in his opening argument here that
his Mr. Wilson, in his role as a de facto agent, had informed the United States
authorities of a purported plot by a Libyan ''hit squad'' to enter the United
States and assassinate American leaders, including President Reagan.

Mr. Wilson had made that contention earlier, but the Federal authorities said
that while he did provide some information about the purported plot, which has
never been verified, he did so only after the matter had been given wide
publicity and also after he had been indicted for his dealings with the Libyans.

Mr. Fahringer said that he would prove that Mr. Wilson had also informed the
United States authorities of a plot involving a Brussels arms dealer to give
Libya the ability to build nuclear weapons. That was also also given after his
indictment, according to the Government, and the reported plot was never
verified.

Convicted on Other Charge

Mr. Wilson, a former member of the Central Intelligence Agency, was convicted
last year of smuggling weapons to Libya and was sentenced to 15 years in prison
and a $200,000 fine.

In this trial, he is charged with setting up an elaborate clandestine operation
that resulted in the shipping to Libya of 42,300 pounds of plastic explosives,
called C-4 and classified as a ''defense article,'' or strategically important
munition.

A jury of seven women and five men was seated today as the trial got under way.
In the Government's opening argument, Assistant United States Attorney A.M.
Hedges called the matter ''a very simple case'' of a plot to ship the explosives
to Libyan terrorists so they could ''turn toasters, lamps and other household
items into mines, fuses and booby traps.''

1977 Date Given for Plot

The Government says the plot was developed by Mr. Wilson and carried out by him
and several co-conspirators in the latter half of 1977.

The prosecution called as its first witness Jerome S. Brower, president of an
explosives company in Pomona, Calif. Mr. Brower has been named as an unindicted
co-conspirator.

He testified today that he met with Mr. Wilson and several Libyans in Mr.
Wilson's office in the spring of 1977 and made plans for procuring and shipping
a large quantity of plastic explosives to Libya.

Although Libyans were present, Mr. Brower said all arrangements had been made by
Mr. Wilson, and it was to him, and not to the Libyans directly, that the
explosives were sold.

Says He Acted as Go-Between

Mr. Fahringer maintained in his opening argument that Mr. Wilson had acted only
as a go-between in the matter, setting up the meeting between Mr. Brower and the
Libyans to further his credibility with the Libyans as part of his C.I.A. cover.

Mr. Brower described procuring the plastic explosives, a total of 54,000 pounds,
from three manufacturers in the United States and Canada and ultimately sending
42,300 pounds of it to Houston in five-gallon containers labeled as drilling
mud, for air shipment to Libya.

He testified that Mr. Wilson had paid him $13.75 a pouund for the explosives but
had asked for an invoice showing $20 a pound, ''so he could get his money.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            March 29, 2007 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

The real stars of these books

BYLINE: Carol Memmott

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 458 words


William Shakespeare plays a major role in Michael Gruber's new novel, The Book
of Air and Shadows (review, 1D). USA TODAY's Carol Memmott looks at other
historical figures, from Sir Isaac Newton to Emily Dickinson, who are popping up
in fiction.

Burning Bright by Tracy Chevalier (Dutton), in stores

Genre: Literary fiction

Setting: 18th-century London

Historical figure: English poet/artist William Blake

Plot: The Kellaway family moves to London, where chairmaker Thomas Kellaway gets
work with a circus impresario. Blake is their neighbor.

Napoleon's Pyramids by William Dietrich (HarperCollins), in stores

Genre: Thriller

Historical figure: French general Napoleon Bonaparte

Setting: 18th-century Paris and Alexandria, Egypt

Plot: A protege to Ben Franklin escapes enemies who want his mysterious
medallion by accompanying Bonaparte and his army to Egypt.

The Mosaic Crimes by Giulio Leoni (Harcourt), in stores

Genre: Mystery

Setting: 14th-century Florence

Historical figure: Italian poet Dante Alighieri (The Divine Comedy)

Plot: Dante, Prior of the City of Florence, investigates the murder of an artist
whose body is found near one of his unfinished mosaics.

The Wayward Muse by Elizabeth Hickey (Atria), in stores

Genre: Historical fiction

Setting: Mid-19th-century England

Historical figures: Pre-Raphaelite painter Dante Gabriel Rossetti and craftsman
William Morris

Plot: Jane Burden, model for and lover of Rossetti, marries the artist's
protege, Morris.

Nefertiti: The Book of the Dead

by Nick Drake (HarperCollins), April

Genre: Mystery

Setting: Ancient Egypt

Historical figure: Queen Nefertiti

Plot: Rahotep, chief detective of the Thebes Medjay division, must find the
missing queen.

Portrait of an Unknown Woman

by Vanora Bennett (Morrow), April

Genre: Literary fiction

Setting: 16th-century England

Historical figure: English

statesman Sir Thomas More

Plot:  Against the backdrop of

England's Protestant Reformation, two men vie for the hand of More's ward, Meg
Giggs.

Afternoons With Emily by Rose MacMurray (Little, Brown), April

Genre: Literary fiction

Setting: Mid-19th-century

Amherst, Mass.

Historical figure: American poet Emily Dickinson

Plot: An independent young

woman's outlook is informed by her friendship with the reclusive poet.

Ghostwalk by Rebecca Stott

(Spiegel & Grau), May

Genre: Mystery

Setting: 21st-century Cambridge, England

Historical figure: British

mathematician Sir Isaac Newton

Plot: A contemporary historian writing an opus on Newton's alchemy is found
murdered.

The Scandal of the Season by Sophie Gee (Scribner), August

Genre: Literary fiction

Setting: 18th-century London

Historical character: English poet Alexander Pope

Plot: Pope catapults to fame after he writes a risque poem about an illicit
affair between a baron and a beautiful society woman.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W (9)
PHOTO, B/W, Shakespeare engraving via AP

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BOOKS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 16, 1995, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Lawyer: Farrakhan plot was 'induced'

BYLINE: Carolyn Pesce

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 487 words

DATELINE: MINNEAPOLIS


As the daughter of the late Malcolm X awaits arraignment on charges of plotting
the murder of her father's rival, Louis Farrakhan, claims surfaced Sunday her
arrest is a government attempt to create a climate for Farrakhan's
assassination.

"It provides an inducement to kill Mr. Farrakhan . . . and as we've seen,
there's always some nut with a gun susceptible to this stuff," says Ronald Kuby,
a partner with William Kunstler. Kunstler and Kuby are joining the defense team
of Qubilah Shabazz, 34, indicted on charges of making phone calls and a partial
payment to a hitman to kill Nation of Islam leader Farrakhan.

Shabazz is scheduled to be arraigned Wednesday in the reported plot against
Farrakhan, rumored to be linked to the shooting death of Malcolm X. But reports
about the hitman-turned-informant, Michael Fitzpatrick, have raised questions
about his credibility.

Fitzpatrick attended the United Nations High School in New York with Shabazz. He
has a history of being a government informant and rumored setup artist. He was
arrested in Minneapolis in 1993 during a drug bust. His appearance in court
Tuesday on cocaine charges has been delayed.

"This case is about him enticing, luring and seducing her into the plot," says
Scott Tilsen, Shabazz's lawyer in Minneapolis. "Her friendship and trust in him
was used."

Fitzpatrick has been connected to a plot by Jewish militants to bomb the
Egyptian Government Tourist Office in New York in 1978. The New York Times
reported on Dec. 19, 1978, that Fitzpatrick was seen emerging from a car
carrying dynamite. Another bomber was taken into custody but Fitzpatrick was
not, The Times reported.

Fitzpatrick entered the federal witness protection program under the name
Michael Summers. Former FBI agent Dan Scott of Atlanta told the Minneapolis Star
Tribune that he provided reliable information about the bombing plot.

"He came forth because he is not a violent, racist man, as has been portrayed in
some news reports," Scott says.

But Christopher Gunderson, who owned Back Room Anarchist Books in Minneapolis in
the late 1980s, told Kuby that Fitzpatrick tried to persuade people there to
commit crimes, including bombings.

"It was clear to Gunderson . . . he was an agent provocateur," Kuby says.

Shabazz supposedly told Fitzpatrick she wanted to kill Farrakhan, and he got
word to the FBI. U.S. Attorney David Lillehaug has refused comment.

But Ava Muhammad, a lawyer for the Nation of Islam, argued that the indictment
was a government conspiracy to divide the black community.

"It would be easy for conspirators to entrap this troubled young woman," she
said. "The question that must be raised by the black community today is whether
. . . we can reasonably believe that the United States Department of Justice
desires to protect the life of Minister Louis Farrakhan."

Farrakhan is expected to hold a news conference Tuesday in Chicago.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Carolyn Stewart, AP; PHOTO, b/w, Bebeto Matthews, AP

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 9, 2007 Wednesday

THE WAR AT HOME

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 470 words


The arrests of six foreign-born Muslim men in a conspiracy to attack soldiers at
Fort Dix in New Jersey un  derscores yet again the threat Islamist terror poses
to America.

As if such emphasis is necessary.

The authorities first learned of the plot in January 2006, when an alert
video-store worker notified authorities of a "disturbing" video that he'd been
asked to convert to DVD.

The six, from Yugoslavia and the Middle East, were arrested Monday night and
charged with plotting to "kill as many soldiers as possible."

The arrests tracked similar post-9/11 operations in New York, including:

* The Buffalo-area "Lackawanna Six" plot in 2002.

* The conviction of Pakistani immigrant Shahawar Matin Siraj for planning to
bomb the Herald Square subway station.

* The arrest and conviction of two Albany-based Islamists on charges of
money-laundering and supporting a foreign terrorist organization.

The FBI criminal complaint alleges that the Fort Dix Six considered other
military and governmental targets before settling on Fort Dix.

The father of one suspect owned a nearby pizzeria; the group planned to use that
to gain access to the base. They were caught on tape discussing the use of
mortars and rocket-propelled grenades in an attack.

They were taken into custody while trying to buy automatic weapons from an
informant.

Yes, the White House downplayed the possibility that this cell had any
connection to al Qaeda or other international terror organizations.

So what?

Just because there is no evidence, as of yet, linking these individuals to other
terror groups doesn't mean that such evidence won't turn up.

More importantly, terrorism is as much a state of mind as it is a structured
operation. Plots can spring up almost organically; that some are not explicitly
tied to al Qaeda is no cause for relief.

Quite the opposite: In many ways, it makes tracking these plots that much more
difficult.

No doubt lawyers for the Fort Dix Six soon will be claiming that their clients
weren't engaged in a "real" plot - indeed, that they are victims of
government-inspired "entrapment."

So, here's a question.

Why is it that so many of these individuals, whether in Buffalo, Albany, Fort
Dix - or Dearborn, Mich., or the Pacific northwest - are so eager to be
"entrapped" into plotting to harm Americans and/or U.S. institutions?

It is particularly ironic that this cell emerged in Fort Dix.

Four of the suspects are ethnic Albanian who managed to become part of a
community whose origins stretch back a decade: In 1999, the United States
launched Operation Provide Refuge, which took in some 20,000 mostly Muslim
refugees fleeing Serbian violence during Yugoslavia's civil war.

Fort Dix became one of the American safe havens for the Kosovar refugees.

Then it became a target.

And the war goes on.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 19, 2000, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Man Held in Terrorist Plot Agreed to Talk, Agents Say

BYLINE: By BENJAMIN WEISER

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 482 words


Two federal agents testified yesterday that a Brooklyn man arrested last
December in a plot to smuggle explosives into the United States agreed to talk
voluntarily in an interrogation lasting more than 10 hours.

The defendant, Abdel Ghani Meskini, 32, is seeking to block prosecutors from
using a long statement they say he gave. He asserted in court papers that he was
not properly informed of his legal rights, and that he only answered the agents'
questions out of fear.

But two Federal Bureau of Investigation agents, testifying in the first day of
hearings in Federal District Court in Manhattan, said Mr. Meskini was read his
rights against self-incrimination and to legal counsel three times. Mr.
Meskini's lawyer, Roland Thau, sought to discredit their account in
cross-examination, and suggested they had taken advantage of his client.

Mr. Meskini's statement is seen as critical to the government's case in the
terrorist plot, whose origins remain a mystery and whose target in the United
States has also not been revealed. Mr. Thau tried to ask one agent whether he
believed the plot was linked to Osama bin Laden, whom the authorities suspect of
masterminding the bombings of two American embassies in Africa in 1998, but
Judge John F. Keenan sustained the government's objections and would not allow
him to answer.

Mr. Meskini, who has pleaded not guilty in the case, sat quietly during the
hearing yesterday. He might testify this week to offer his own account of what
happened after his arrest on charges that he aided a terrorist plot involving an
attempt by a group of Algerians in Canada to smuggle powerful explosives into
the United States near Seattle.

Mr. Meskini, an Algerian, claimed in an affidavit that he was not advised of his
rights until after he had answered some questions.

"And even while I was informed of those rights," he wrote, "I was told about
them in a way that clearly conveyed to me that the police wanted to make me
talk. I come from a part of the world where police violence, torture and other
abuse is most common."

Yesterday, one of the agents, Francis J. Schulte Jr., testified that no threats
were made and that Mr. Meskini was first advised of his rights after his Dec. 30
arrest as he was being driven to F.B.I. headquarters in Lower Manhattan.

Mr. Meskini "read the advice of rights form out loud to all of us," Agent
Schulte said.

Upon arrival at 26 Federal Plaza around 8 a.m., Agent Schulte continued, Mr.
Meskini was handcuffed and shackled in an interrogation room, and again given
his rights. He signed a written waiver and agreed to be interviewed, the agent
said.

After about three hours of interrogation, the rights were administered a third
time, he said. Mr. Meskini signed another waiver. "I felt he was somewhat
evasive in his answers," Agent Schulte said, "but he did respond. He seemed
cooperative."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            February 10, 2006 Friday

President Bush details thwarted al-Qaida plot  ;
 Attack was to target Los Angeles skyscraper

BYLINE: TOBY ECKERT Copley News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 774 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Terrorists planned to blow open the cockpit door of an airliner with shoe bombs
and crash it into Los Angeles' Library Tower in a plot that was foiled in 2002,
President Bush said Thursday.

Bush, who has been criticized for a secret surveillance program, U.S. treatment
of prisoners and other elements of the war on terror, provided new details of
the incident - which he first mentioned last year - in a speech to the National
Guard Association. His top counterterrorism adviser, Frances Fargo Townsend,
briefed reporters afterward, denying the speech had anything to do with the
surveillance controversy.

But Democrats and some outside analysts said the speech clearly was meant to
bolster the administration's case that its aggressive tactics are justified.
Despite the new details of the plot, Townsend told reporters, "We don't know
when it was planned to actually be executed" or if the plotters intended to
seize a plane from Los Angeles International Airport, leading some experts to
question how far along the plot really was.

Bush said the episode illustrated the continuing danger the nation faces.

"As the West Coast plot shows, in the war on terror we face a relentless and
determined enemy that operates in many nations - so protecting our citizens
requires unprecedented cooperation from many nations as well. It took the
combined efforts of several countries to break up this plot," Bush said, noting
that the attack was derailed when a key al-Qaida figure was arrested in
Southeast Asia.

Khalid Shaikh Mohammed, the alleged mastermind of the Sept. 11, 2001, airline
attacks on Washington and New York, started planning the West Coast attack in
October 2001, Bush said. Working with the head of an al-Qaida affiliated group
in South Asia, Jemaah Islamiyah, four terrorists were recruited for the plot and
flew to Afghanistan to swear allegiance to Osama bin Laden.

Mohammed "set in motion a plan to have terrorist operatives hijack an airplane
using shoe bombs to breach the cockpit door and fly the plane into the tallest
building on the West Coast. We believe the intended target was Liberty Tower in
Los Angeles, California," Bush said, with aides later clarifying that he was
referring to the 73-story Library Tower.

The plan was disrupted when the cell leader was arrested in February 2002. All
four of the cell members are in custody, Townsend said. Mohammed and the Jemaah
Islamiyah leader, known as Hambali, who were arrested in 2003.

"We unraveled this over a period of years," Townsend said, adding that it
highlighted the importance of "real-time information sharing" between the
intelligence agencies of the United States and four South Asian and Southeast
Asian countries, which she would not identify.

She insisted the speech was meant to highlight international cooperation in the
war on terror and not to deflect criticism of the surveillance program, which
was the subject of congressional hearings this week. She declined to say whether
the eavesdropping program played any role in thwarting the Los Angeles plot.

However, she said the episode "reminds us that we must continue to gather as
much information as possible and from all sources, especially detainee
debriefings and intelligence operations to reveal the evolving terrorist
networks and plots."

House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-San Francisco, suggested Bush's comments
were "scare tactics." She criticized cuts he recently proposed in some homeland
security spending.

"The independent, bipartisan 9/11 Commission's final report card indicted the
continued failure by the Bush administration and the Republican Congress to meet
the security needs of our nation and make Americans safer," she said in a
written statement. "President Bush missed a critical opportunity today to
explain why, more than four years after the 9/11 attacks, the American people
are not as safe as we should be."

White House spokesman Scott McClellan said the speech had been planned for weeks
and "we were looking for an example to highlight a ... plot that was disrupted."

Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa said he first learned of the details
while watching Bush's speech on TV and criticized the White House for not
informing him.

McClellan said administration officials did "reach out" to officials in
California and Los Angeles, whom he did not name, and "the word I heard was
there was great appreciation for the notification."

Bush first alluded to the Los Angeles plot in an October 2005 speech. At the
time, terrorism experts said it was difficult to tell whether it posed an actual
threat or was merely discussed as a possibility by al-Qaida operatives.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: An al-Qaida plotter began to plan the assault on the Library Tower in
Los Angeles in October 2001.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: WIRE. CNS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             August 31, 2012 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

September;
It's not all horror flicks this fall -- Hollywood is offering films of all
genres. USA TODAY's and look at the next two months' pictures (schedules are
subject to change).

BYLINE: Scott Bowles and Brian Truitt

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 349 words


It's not all horror flicks this fall -- Hollywood is offering films of all
genres. USA TODAY's Scott

Bowles and Brian Truitt look at the next two months' pictures (schedules are
subject to change).

Sept. 7

The Words

Stars: Bradley Cooper, Jeremy Irons, Olivia Wilde

Directors: Brian Klugman, Lee Sternthal

Plot: Cooper plays a young writer who achieves fame and infamy when word leaks
that his work isn't his own.

The Cold Light of Day

Stars: Bruce Willis, Sigourney Weaver, Henry Cavill

Director: Mabrouk El Mechri

Plot: After his family is kidnapped during a vacation in Spain, Will Shaw
(Cavill), a young Wall Street trader, must confront those responsible.

Sept. 14

Finding Nemo (in 3-D)

Voices: Albert Brooks, Ellen DeGeneres, Alexander Gould

Directors: Andrew Stanton, Lee Unkrich

Plot: A re-release of the 2003 hit, Nemo gets the 3-D treatment in this Pixar
story of a clownfish (Brooks) who swims to Sydney to rescue his captured son.

Sept. 21

Dredd 3D

Stars: Karl Urban, Olivia Thirlby, Lena Headey

Director: Pete Travis

Plot: Though it shares the same character as Sylvester Stallone's 1995 Judge
Dredd, filmmakers say this is a closer adaptation of the comic-book character
Judge Dredd, who is tasked with ridding a futuristic city of its futuristic
scourge.

End of Watch

Stars: Jake Gyllenhaal, Michael Pea, Anna Kendrick

Director: David Ayer

Plot: Gyllenhaal and Pea play cops who are marked for death after confiscating a
cache of money and weapons from a notorious cartel.

Trouble With the Curve

Stars: Clint Eastwood, Amy Adams, John Goodman

Director: Robert Lorenz

Plot: An ailing baseball scout (Eastwood) takes his daughter along for a final
recruiting trip.

Sept. 28

Looper

Stars: Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Bruce Willis, Emily Blunt

Director: Rian Johnson

Plot: Set in a future where time travel is possible, Looper casts Gordon-Levitt
as Joe, a hit man with an unenviable mission: to kill the older version of
himself.

Won't Back Down

Stars: Viola Davis, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Holly Hunter

Director: Daniel Barnz

Plot: Two determined mothers (Davis and Gyllenhaal) look to transform their
kids' bleak inner-city school.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo TriStar Pictures He's shooting through time: Joseph Gordon-Levitt
is a hit man in Looper.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: MOVIES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 8, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

U.S. Says Man Had Ties to Plot To Disrupt Vote

BYLINE: This article was reported by David Johnston, Thom Shanker and David E.
Sanger, and written by Mr. Johnston.; David Johnston and Thom Shanker reported
from Washington for this article and David E. Sanger from Kennebunkport, Me.

SECTION: Section 1; Column 5; Foreign Desk; THREATS AND RESPONSES: THE
INVESTIGATION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1382 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 7


A Pakistani man whose arrest provided information about the reconnaissance of
financial institutions in New York, Newark and Washington was also communicating
with Qaeda operatives who the authorities say are plotting to carry out an
attack intended to disrupt the fall elections, a senior intelligence official
said Saturday.

Senior intelligence and counterterrorism officials said it was not clear whether
the people behind the surveillance of the financial institutions and the people
involved in the election threat were part of the same group, or belonged to
overlapping or separate ones.

The arrest last month of the Pakistani, Mohammed Naeem Noor Khan, had already
prompted a search in the United States, Britain and other countries to locate
the people behind the surveillance, which took place three or four years ago.
Now the authorities say Mr. Khan's arrest is also helping them unravel a threat
to carry out an attack this year inside the United States.

It is not clear whether Mr. Khan represents the second channel of intelligence
that officials have alluded to in recent days that, they say, convinced them
that the reconnaissance of financial institutions was related to current
threats.

But he is emerging as a central figure in an expanding web of connections that,
the authorities say, indicates that they may have penetrated an operational
Qaeda group whose intentions were previously unknown.

Bush administration officials have talked about a potential threat to the
election since the spring. Early last month, the homeland security secretary,
Tom Ridge, spoke of a plot to disrupt the democratic process.

On Saturday, American authorities said they were close to identifying the main
figures who conducted reconnaissance of the financial centers. Armed with
multiple leads stemming from arrests in Britain and Pakistan, and aided by a
wealth of information from forensic studies of computers seized in Pakistan, the
authorities have begun a large-scale investigation.

Still frustrating investigators is the uncertainty about whether the
surveillance in 2000 and 2001 was part of an ongoing plot. So far, the officials
said, no clear evidence has been obtained that indicates whether the plot was
ever abandoned.

Increasingly, however, the authorities suspect that the Qaeda figures believed
to have been involved in the surveillance were active members of the terrorist
network. They say the clandestine manner in which they operated suggested that
they wanted to carry out attacks inside the United States.

Investigators are counting on people already in custody, or others whom they
hope to apprehend, to help solve the mystery of whether the plot is still
active.

Among those in custody is a suspect named Babar Ahmed, who was arrested in
Britain this week at the request of the United States. Whatever his role in the
surveillance, the authorities now say that Mr. Ahmed obtained detailed
information about the movements of the Navy aircraft carrier Constellation,
including information about the formations used by the carrier and its escort
vessels in maneuvers like its passage through the Strait of Hormuz in the Middle
East in 2001.

As part of the inquiry, Navy officials examined the record of a sailor aboard
the Benfold, a destroyer that was part of the Constellation battle group.
Officials said they had found an e-mail message from the sailor -- who has since
left the service -- that was sympathetic to Al Qaeda.

The officials said that a turning point in the surveillance case came with the
arrest in Britain, earlier this week, of Abu Issa al-Hindi. The authorities say
they believe Mr. Hindi was dispatched to the United States by senior Qaeda
leaders to carry out the reconnaissance operation.

For reasons still not entirely clear, Mr. Hindi was under surveillance by the
British authorities -- believed to be acting on information supplied by the
United States -- even before he is said to have been identified as an operative
in the surveillance of American financial institutions.

One senior counterterrorism official said the outpouring of leads had mushroomed
into a sprawling investigation in which agencies in the United States and
overseas were struggling to coordinate and share the enormous volume of
information.

The inquiry has caused strains between the United States and Britain. There were
signs that some British authorities might not have agreed with the White House
decision to make public information about the surveillance operations. The news
agency Reuters quoted the British home secretary, David Blunkett, as saying that
there was ''a difference between alerting the public to a specific threat and
alarming people unnecessarily by passing on information indiscriminately.''

Officials at MI5, the British domestic intelligence agency, have warned that the
intense news media coverage in the United States of recent arrests in Britain
could interfere with legal efforts to extradite suspects to the United States.

So far, American authorities have sought the extradition of only person, Mr.
Ahmed, who was arrested on charges unrelated to the surveillance operation. He
is being sought on charges that he used a computer Web site to raise money for
fighters in Chechnya and Afghanistan.

Mr. Ahmed is a cousin of Mr. Khan, a Qaeda communications expert whose arrest
last month in Pakistan produced the trove of information that led American
officials to elevate the terror alert level.

A report by Reuters in Pakistan said Mr. Khan had been secretly funneling
information about Al Qaeda to Pakistani authorities and that his arrest and
subsequent identification in news accounts may have cost the United States a
valuable source.

American officials contacted on Saturday would not confirm whether Mr. Khan was
a mole or double agent. They said his arrest had led to intelligence gains of
enormous value in uncovering the surveillance operation in the United States.

Intelligence officials have also recently come into possession of information
about how much Al Qaeda knew about Navy operations.

According to a statement from United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement,
British law enforcement authorities, executing search warrants for several
locations connected to Mr. Ahmed, ''seized, among other things, a document that
set forth plans for a U.S. naval battle group operating in the Strait of Hormuz
in April 2001. The information contained in the document, which was classified
at the time, has been confirmed as legitimate by the U.S. Navy.''

The documents, according to the government statement, ''included the battle
group's planned movements on April 29, 2001, and a drawing of the group's
formation. In addition, the document specifically noted that the battle group
was tasked both with enforcing sanctions against Iraq, and with conducting
operations against Afghanistan and Al Qaeda.''

Most important, the statement said, ''the document specifically described the
battle group's vulnerability to a terrorist attack, and provides specific
examples on how the ships might be attacked (e.g., 'they have nothing to stop a
small craft with RPG etc, except their Seals' stinger missiles').''

The initials R.P.G. refer to rocket-propelled grenade, and Seals are naval
Special Operations Forces.

For unrelated reasons, the Constellation was retired from service in August
2003. In addition, after the attack on the Cole, in October 2000, the Navy began
''force protection'' measures for ships sailing into regions where attacks were
deemed likely. Those measures remain classified.

American officials said the e-mail correspondence from the sailor from the
Benfold occurred in July 2001. Navy officials said on Saturday that
investigators had not found any evidence that the sailor was the source of Mr.
Ahmed's information on the Constellation group.

The content of the e-mail correspondence ''was sympathetic to the jihad
movement,'' according to the immigration and customs statement. ''The enlistee
expressed anti-American sentiment and offered praise for the Mujahedeen, the
attack of the U.S.S. Cole'' and for those ''who have brought honor'' to the
movement ''in the lands of Jihad Afghanistan, Bosnia, Chechnya, etc.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 29, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Felon Arrested for Plotting to Blow Up Store and Gas Stations as
Diversions for Bank Robberies

LENGTH: 524  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A recently released prison inmate was arrested yesterday for plotting to blow up
a large store and gas station as part of his bank robbery scheme, announced U.S.
Attorney Jenny A. Durkan. Larry Gillette, 53, of Shelton, Washington, is charged
with solicitation to commit a crime of violence and being a felon in possession
of a firearm. Gillette allegedly began plotting the bombings and bank robberies
while still serving a state prison sentence for identity theft. After being
released from prison on April 14, 2014, Gillette described his plot in detail to
someone he thought would assist him with his crimes. In fact, the person he met
with was an undercover officer working for the FBI's Safe Streets Task Force.
Gillette will appear in U.S. District Court in Tacoma at 2:30 today.

According to the criminal complaint, law enforcement learned that Gillette told
others in prison of his plan to rob banks in Shelton using bombs at various
businesses as a diversion, during which he would commit violent takeover-style
robberies. Following his release from prison, an undercover officer posed as
someone who could assist Gillette in obtaining weapons and explosives for his
plot. On two different occasions in April 2014, Gillette was recorded on audio
and video describing his plot to the undercover officer as they drove around
Shelton. As described in court documents, the plot involved powerful bombs at
Walmart and Arco and Chevron gas stations. The plot allegedly anticipated that
while first responders were busy with the bombings, Gillette would rob three
banks. Gillette indicated he wanted the maximum loss of life to occur in the
bombings and the bank robberies. At one point in the investigation, Gillette
took possession of four Glock firearms. Gillette did not know the firearms had
been modified so they would not fire. Gillette was arrested yesterday afternoon
when he met again with the undercover officer and attempted to ignite a car
bomb. The "bomb" was inoperable.

Solicitation to commit a crime of violence is punishable by up to 20 years of
imprisonment. Being a felon in possession of a firearm is punishable by up to 10
years of imprisonment.

The charges contained in the complaint are only allegations. A person is
presumed innocent unless and until he or she is proven guilty beyond a
reasonable doubt in a court of law.

The case is being investigated by the Seattle Safe Streets Task Force--which
includes special agents from the FBI and task force officers from the Seattle
Police Department (SPD)--and the SPD Major Crimes Task Force. SPD SWAT, the
Mason County Sheriff's Office, and Shelton Police Department, and the Bureau of
Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives (ATF) partnered with the task forces
on the arrest and the serving of search warrants.

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Jeffrey A.
Backhus.

Press contact for the U.S. Attorney's Office is Emily Langlie, Public Affairs
Officer at (206) 553-4110 or Emily.Langlie@usdoj.gov


For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            October 18, 2010 Monday

Marijuana growing operations on rise in Kansas

SECTION: OBITS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 407 words


The Associated Press

HUTCHINSON - Large-scale marijuana growing operations have been turning up more
frequently in Kansas, as part of what authorities say is a move by organized
crime to the region.

Drug Enforcement Administration statistics show the number of outdoor marijuana
operations found in Kansas and neighboring states has increased over the past
couple of years, and the number has doubled in some cases.

"We're seeing it all over the U.S., but operations are moving to areas in the
Midwest where they think we don't have adequate law enforcement," said Rod Page,
a special agent with the Kansas Bureau of Investigation, told The Hutchinson
News. "They're looking for backwoods areas where they think they won't be
caught."

A large marijuana operation found Oct. 7 in rural Reno County near Haven is one
of eight marijuana plots reported this year in Kansas, according to a report in
the Hutchinson newspaper.

Page said it is the fourth such plot found in the past two weeks. He said each
site had between 3,000 and 4,000 marijuana plants.

In most cases, those who oversee the crop also live on the property, creating a
danger for hunters and landowners who are most likely to stumble upon the plots.

"The West Coast has been seeing these types of operations, particularly on state
and government ground and forests," Page said. "But it's coming to the Midwest."

In Kansas, 12 outdoor marijuana plots and 1,463 cultivated marijuana plants were
eradicated in 2008. Last year, that statistic jumped to 29 plots and 24,478
marijuana plants, including two 10,000-plant operations in Kingman and Sedgwick
counties.

Both Page and Dave Mizell, assistant special agent overseeing DEA operations in
Kansas, said organized crime groups running the operations move out of areas
where there is pressure from law enforcement.

"When the heat is on them, they move away to where they think they are not as
susceptible, like Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma," Mizell said. "The more
significant operations we do believe are organized - their transportation is
organized, they have a better understanding of how to coordinate the plant, and
they're monitoring (the crop) and living there 24/7.

"Mainly, it's driven by where can we go where we cause the least suspicion and
where can we make a profit," he added, referring to the mindset of those running
the marijuana growing operations. "One expense is law enforcement detecting them
and cutting down their product."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

Arkansas: Garden Plot Rentals Now Available

LENGTH: 138  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Fairfield Bay, Arkansas has issued the following news release:

Garden PlotsRenewals for Garden plots are due by Friday, April 17, 2015 to
guarantee keeping your same plot(s). All unpaid plots will be available for new
rental after that date. The water will be turned on as soon as we are sure
temperatures will remain above freezing.
Anyone interested in renting a garden plot can come by the Utilities office
between 8 a.m. and 3:30 p.m. Monday - Friday. All spaces are currently spoken
for. The only plots which may be available are those who cancel their rentals.
All garden plot renewal and new rental payments are to be paid at the Utilities
office. Please make checks payable to Fairfield Bay Community Club.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

Arkansas: Garden Plot Rentals Now Available

LENGTH: 138  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Fairfield Bay, Arkansas has issued the following news release:

Garden PlotsRenewals for Garden plots are due by Friday, April 17, 2015 to
guarantee keeping your same plot(s). All unpaid plots will be available for new
rental after that date. The water will be turned on as soon as we are sure
temperatures will remain above freezing.
Anyone interested in renting a garden plot can come by the Utilities office
between 8 a.m. and 3:30 p.m. Monday - Friday. All spaces are currently spoken
for. The only plots which may be available are those who cancel their rentals.
All garden plot renewal and new rental payments are to be paid at the Utilities
office. Please make checks payable to Fairfield Bay Community Club.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            December 7, 2008 Sunday

Lincoln assassination plot becomes plot for opera

BYLINE: THERESA WINSLOW Staff Writer

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 711  words


It's a good thing John Wilkes Booth wasn't bald.

If he was, Hollis Thoms might have had to look elsewhere for inspiration for his
new opera, "The Moustache."

The original 90-minute work, which premieres at St. John's College in Annapolis
in February, revolves around a fictional meeting between Baltimore barber
Cipriano Ferrandini (a Southern sympathizer) and Booth at the Barnum Hotel just
before the assassination of Abraham Lincoln.

Booth goes to Ferrandini, who is associated with a historically debated plot to
kill Lincoln in 1861, to get a haircut and have his mustache trimmed, and ends
up not only well-groomed but inspired to carry on with his own assassination
plans. At least, that's how it's envisioned by Mr. Thoms.

And according to Booth expert and author Michael Kauffman of Owings, the opera's
story line isn't all that far-fetched.

"The composer has come up with a very clever idea," Mr. Kauffman, author of
"American Brutus," wrote in an e-mail. "I don't know whether Booth knew
Ferrandini personally, but I wouldn't be surprised if he did. He often stayed at
Barnum's, and he almost certainly got a shave at Ferrandini's shop. So the plot
of the opera is no stretch at all."

Regardless of whether the two men ever met, it's certainly a unique premise for
an opera. The Edgewater composer, however, has a history of tackling unusual
subjects; his last work was an opera based on the life of Socrates.

A cut above

"The Moustache" is the result of 18 months worth of research and composing. The
process began at St. John's with a graduate course Mr. Thoms took on Lincoln's
speeches. In the process of researching a paper, he uncovered information about
the 1861 plot and became hooked on the subject.

"I would caution people about this," he said. "It's addictive. I think I found
things that areinteresting."

He read a wide range of books; traveled to the Surratt House Museum in Clinton,
which focuses on Mary Surratt, who was executed for her involvement in the plot
to assassinate Lincoln; visited the Library of Congress; and even got diagrams
of the Barnum. Mr. Thoms' notes bulge out of a large notebook - and this doesn't
even include the music.

"I think it's my most creative, ... most ambitious work," he said, also
mentioning that the premiere comes 200 years after Lincoln's birth.

"It comes at a moment that will have some meaning (because of) the
bicentennial," Mr. Thoms continued. "I hope that there's interest in the
public."

To give the work a feel of the period, he interspersed his own dialogue and
music with 11 Stephen Foster songs, including one called "If You've Only Got a
Moustache."

Mr. Thoms also includes a love interest for Booth to broaden the scope of the
work and add some romance into what is otherwise a very serious subject.

Abigail, a barmaid, is played by soprano Treva Foss of New York, and Booth is
played by her husband, baritone Dr. Jason Thoms, the composer's eldest son. Both
were also in "Socrates," and make the new work another family affair.

"I'm very grateful Hollis is always making music," Ms. Foss said.

Dr. Thoms said he doesn't feel any pressure assuming the role of Booth, and said
one of the best things about opera is getting the chance to be someone very
different from himself.

The other singer in the cast is tenor Kristopher Jean of New York, who plays
Ferrandini. St. John's tutor Robert Williamson will act out some Shakespeare
scenes in a Booth dream sequence as well, and State Archivist Dr. Edward
Papenfuse will give a brief talk on Ferrandini before the show begins.

"It's an intriguing story," Dr. Papenfuse said. "There's a plausibility to the
story line. Hollis did a very good job (of gathering the facts) and then he
entered into the area of imagination."

Mr. Thoms isn't sure what his next project will be after "The Moustache" because
he's been too immersed in historical research to think of anything else. The
opera marries his interests in music, history and creative writing.

"I have to get this Civil War thing out of me," Mr. Thoms joked.

"The Moustache" premieres at 4 p.m. Feb. 15 in the Key Auditorium at St. John's
College. The performance is open to the public. Tickets are $15 for adults and
$5 for students up to undergraduates. For more information, e-mail Mr. Thoms at
hjthoms@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2008 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                             March 16, 2007 Friday

THE TARGETS

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 427  words


Khalid Sheikh Mohammed has claimed responsibility for the planning, financing
and surveying of the following attacks and plots:

1. Managing al-Qaida's cell for biological weapons

2. Managing al-Qaida's dirty-bomb operations on US soil

3. 1993 World Trade Centre operations

4. 9/11 operations, from A to Z

5. Shoe-bombing operations to down two US airplanes

6. Filka Island operations in Kuwait that killed two US soldiers

7. Bombing of nightclubs in Bali, Indonesia

8. A second wave of planned attacks after 9/11 on the Library

Tower in California, Sears Tower in Chicago, Plaza Bank in

Washington State, and the Empire State Building in New York

9. Follow-up operations to destroy US military vessels and oil

tankers in the Strait of Hormuz, the Strait of Gibraltar and the

Port of Singapore

10. Plot to destroy the Panama Canal

11. Plans to assassinate several former US Presidents, including

Jimmy Carter

12. Bombing suspension bridges in New York

13. Destroying the Sears Tower in Chicago using fuel or oil tanker

trucks beneath it

14. A plot to destroy Heathrow Airport, the Canary Wharf

Building and Big Ben in London

15. Planned attacks on nightclubs in Thailand visited by US and

British citizens

16. Planned destruction of the New York Stock Exchange and

Financial District

17. Destroying buildings in the Israeli city of Elat using planes

from Saudi Arabia

18. Plots to attack the US embassies in Indonesia, Australia and

Japan

19. Plots to attack the Israeli embassies in

India, Azerbaijan, the Philippines and

Australia

20. Destruction of an Israeli El-Al

airlines flight departing from

Bangkok Airport

21. Sending several mujahideen

into Israel to conduct surveillance

22. Bombing a hotel in Mombassa

frequented by Jewish travellers

23. Launching a Russian

made SA-7 surface-to-air

missile on Jewish airlines

departing from Mombassa

24. Plans to hit US targets in

South Korea, including

US bases and nightclubs

25. Providing finance to support hits on US,

Jewish and British targets in Turkey

26. Surveillance of nuclear power plants that provide

electricity to several US cities

27. Hit NATO headquarters in Europe

28. Planned the Bojinka operation designed to down 12

American planes full of passengers

29. An assassination attempt on former President Bill Clinton

while he was in the Philippines in 1994 or 1995

30. Shared responsibility for assassination attempt on Pope

John Paul II when he was in the Philippines

31. Planned assassination of Pakistan's President Musharaf.

32. Attempt to destroy an American oil company owned by

former US secretary of state Henry Kissinger on the Indonesia

island of Sumatra.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MER


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                        January 8, 2000, Saturday, FINAL

United States: Grave plot prices soar in northern California

SECTION: News; A18

LENGTH: 121 words

DATELINE: SAN JOSE


SAN JOSE -- If you want to RIP in Silicon Valley, you had better have CASH.

Northern California's high-tech economic boom has already caused housing prices
to rocket. Now graveyard real estate is following suit -- with four-person
burial plots in San Mateo's Skylawn Memorial Park going for $265,000 US.

While plots in other local graveyards were significantly cheaper, all were
showing a sharp upward trend, the San Jose Mercury News said Friday.

A survey of local graveyards found that at Oak Hill, a plot that sold for $1,250
in 1987 was valued recently at $3,720. At Chapel of the Chimes in nearby
Hayward, a plot with $2,500 in 1987 is now worth more than $12,000, the
newspaper said.


LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Sunday Mail (Australia)

                            December 10, 2006 Sunday
                          State - Main Country Edition

Christmas slaughter plot at mall

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 53

LENGTH: 308  words


CHICAGO: An alleged plot to stage a deadly terrorist attack on Christmas
shoppers was marked by violent intentions but no chance of success.

A Muslim convert intent on ''jihad'', Derrick Shareef, 22, was going to use hand
grenades and a pistol to kill people at a shopping center near Rockford,
Illinois.

But federal agents and an undercover informant followed him from the plot's
outset. It is not known how they first learned of Shareef.

Many elements of the alleged plot, including the idea to attack the mall, came
from the informant.

Shareef acted alone and the public was never in any danger. At no time did he
have any weapons or the money to obtain them. But he did have violent intent,
the agents said.

In a recorded conversation with the informant on November 29, Shareef discussed
attacking a courthouse in DeKalb County.

''I just want to smoke a judge,'' he allegedly said.

The next day, the informant suggested the mall become the target. ''I mean, all
right, we gotta look at it this way, we want to disrupt Christmas,'' the
informant is quoted as saying. Shareef allegedly responded: ''Oh hell, yeah, the
mall is where it's at.''

Throughout the plot, Shareef was recorded spewing hatred for Jewish people and
the American justice system. His plan reached its apex when he tried to trade an
undercover federal agent a set of stereo speakers for grenades.

The exchange, which included dud grenades, took place on Wednesday. Shareef was
arrested without incident after the exchange and appeared in federal court in
Chicago on Friday. His attorney said Shareef was aware of his rights and
understood the proceedings.

He was held without bail on charges of attempting to use a weapon of mass
destruction and damage or destroy a building. Under the law, grenades are
considered weapons of mass destruction.

If convicted, he faces up to life in prison.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SML


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             March 16, 2007 Friday
                                National Edition

Al-Qaeda Confessions

BYLINE: Stewart Bell, National Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1490  words


An al-Qaeda leader has admitted to killing U.S. journalist Daniel Pearl,
according to a confession released by the U.S. military yesterday in which the
Pakistani terrorist also takes responsibility for the 9/11 attacks and many
other plots.

Khalid Sheikh Mohammed told a military tribunal at Guantanamo Bay that he was
"responsible for the 9/11 operation from A to Z," the 2002 Bali bombings, the
1993 World Trade Center attack and a long list of other, thwarted plots.

The former North Carolina engineering student, captured near the Pakistani
capital, Islamabad, in 2003, said that while he sometimes felt sorry for
killing, he was simply speaking "the language of war." He said his confessions
were made without duress.

"I decapitated with my blessed hand the head of the American Jew, Daniel Pearl,
in the city of Karachi, Pakistan. For those who would like to confirm, there are
pictures of me on the Internet holding his head," he told a hearing on Saturday.

The Pentagon released some of the confessions on Wednesday and made further
disclosures yesterday. Mohammed is the highest-ranking al-Qaeda terrorist to be
captured since the 9/11 attacks; only Osama bin Laden and Ayman Al Zawahiri are
more senior.

While some question whether Mohammed may be overstating his prowess as an
international terrorist leader, others point out that since he is before a
tribunal he should logically want to minimize the extent of his involvement.

"It seems to me that he had no apparent incentive to exaggerate his role and
would probably seek to affirm what he realizes his accusers already know about
his activities so as to seem to cooperate with the tribunal and thus avert to
the extent possible the worst outcomes for himself," said Professor Martin
Rudner of Carleton University.

Prof. Rudner, Director of the Canadian Centre of Intelligence and Security
Studies, said that as the self-confessed operational commander for al-Qaeda's
foreign operations, Mohammed likely engaged in all planned attacks to some
extent.

"Khalid Sheikh Mohammed may have been tasked to exercise a central control or
direction over certain elements of planned operations: in some cases it may have
been in the planning, in others in the allocation of financing, in still others
in tactical matters, and, indeed, in some operations in actual execution."

Twenty-six Canadians died in the acts of terrorism that Mohammed says he
masterminded. One of the plots for which he takes responsibility involved
attacks on U.S. nuclear plants, which could have had dire consequences for
Canada as well.

Another was a plot to bomb the Israeli embassy in Manila. According to
classified Canadian Security Intelligence Service reports, Mohammed sent a young
Canadian named Mohammed Jabarah to oversee the Manila embassy attack. A resident
of St. Catharines, Ont., Mr. Jabarah was arrested in 2002 and is now jailed in
Pennsylvania.

"I wish with his confession that one could say that's the end of it, but we all
know that it's not," said Toronto resident Maureen Basnicki, whose husband Ken
was killed in the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks in Manhattan. "How many people are
ready to take his place and how many new plots are out there?"

Often referred to by his initials, KSM, Mohammed was once dubbed "al-Qaeda's
007" because of his fondness for bars and beaches.

Mohammed is of Pakistani descent but grew up in Kuwait. After completing a
mechanical engineering degree at A&T University in Greensboro, N.C. in 1986, he
left for Afghanistan to fight the Soviets.

He eventually met bin Laden and said in his confession that he eventually swore
a bayat, or oath, to the al-Qaeda leader to "conduct jihad." He also admits he
served on the al-Qaeda council and was its director of media operations and
foreign operations chief.

Mohammed first came to the attention of intelligence agencies after the
February, 1993, attempt to bring down the World Trade Center with a truck bomb.
Investigators traced the plot to his nephew Ramzi Youssef, who had fled to the
Philippines with his uncle.

From Manila, Mohammed began dreaming up the imaginative large-scale terrorist
plots for which he is infamous, starting with Project Bojinka, which involved
planting bombs on a dozen American airliners and timing them to detonate over
the Pacific. He later fled to Afghanistan but kept a home in Karachi, Pakistan,
where he ran urban training camps for terrorists.

Mohammed lists his other plots in his confession: the attempted shoe bombing of
a U.S.- bound plane; the "second wave" of attacks that were to follow 9/11 and
that targeted the Empire State Building, Library Tower in Los Angeles, Chicago's
Sears Tower and the Plaza Bank in Washington State.

In addition, he says he was responsible for plots to assassinate Pope John Paul
and "several former American presidents" including Jimmy Carter and Bill
Clinton, in addition to Henry Kissinger.

Mohammed has already been publicly linked to most of the plots for which he
takes responsibility, and at one point he says he is "not making myself [a]
hero, when I said I was responsible for this or that."

His confession reveals little about the man, although an obsession with Jews is
apparent. He refers to Mr. Pearl as "the American Jew" and calls Mr. Kissinger
"the Jewish former Secretary of State." He also admits to playing a role in the
bombing of a Kenyan hotel that "is frequented by Jewish travelers" and to
attacking a "Jewish airliner" with surface- to-air missiles.

He also appears to have a romantic self-image, citing the Muslim god Allah to
justify his actions and portraying himself as a revolutionary akin to George
Washington.

"I mean the language of the war is victims," he says. "I don't like to kill
people, I feel very sorry they have killed kids in 9/11. What I will do? This is
the language. Sometime I want to make great awakening between American to stop
foreign policy in our land."

Mrs. Basnicki called the terrorist's attempts to justify his violence "miswired
to say the least. I'll even go so far as to say it's not only miswired but an
evil thought that would claim the lives of so many innocent civilians and
inflict terror amongst those who survived."

- - -

THE TARGETS

In the Pentagon transcript, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed confessed to 31 terrorist
attacks or plots. One plot was censored from the U.S. Defence Department
transcript. The other 30 were:

1. The 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center, New York.

2. The Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon in
Washington.

3. A "shoe bomber" operation to bring down two U.S. commercial aircraft.

4. The October, 2002, attack on U.S. soldiers on Kuwait's Faylahkah Island.

5. The deadly bombing of a nightclub in Bali, Indonesia, in October, 2002.

6. A plan for a "second wave" assault onmajor U.S. landmarks after Sept. 11,
with targets including the Library Tower, Los Angeles; the Sears Tower, Chicago;
the Plaza Bank building, Seattle; and the Empire State Building, New York.

7. Plots to attack U.S. military vessels and oil tankers in the Straits of
Hormuz, the Straits of Gibraltar, and Singapore.

8. A plan to blow up the Panama Canal.

9. An assassination attempt against former U.S. presidents including Jimmy
Carter.

10. A plot to blow up New York suspension bridges.

11. A plan to burn fuel trucks beneath the Sears Tower in Chicago to destroy it.

12. An operation to destroy London's Heathrow Airport, Canary Wharf and Big Ben.

13. A planned attack on night clubs in Thailand targeting U.S. and British
nationals.

14. A plot targeting the New York Stock Exchange and other U.S. financial
targets.

15. A plan to use aircraft from Saudi Arabia to destroy buildings in Eilat,
Israel.

16. Planned attacks aimed at destroying U.S. embassies in Indonesia, Australia
and Japan.

17. Planned attacks on Israel's embassies in India, Azerbaijan, the Philippines
and Australia.

18. An attack on an Israeli El- Al flight from Bangkok.

19. Sending several "mujahedeen" into Israel to survey "strategic targets."

20. The deadly November, 2002, suicide bombing of a hotel in Mombasa, Kenya.

21. The failed attempt to down an Israeli jet taking off from Mombasa airport
with a surface- to-air missile on the same day as the hotel bomb.

22. A plot to attack U.S. targets in South Korea, such as U.S. bases and night
clubs.

23. Providing the financial support for a plan to attack U.S., British and
Jewish targets in Turkey.

24. Surveillance undertaken for a plan to attack U.S. nuclear power plants.

25. A plot to attack NATO headquarters in Europe.

26. The 1995 "Bojinka Operation," planned to bring down 12 U.S. passenger
flights in the Pacific Rim.

27. An assassination attempt planned against president Bill Clinton during a
mid-1990s trip to the Philippines.

28. A separate plot to kill Pope John Paul II while he visited the Philippines.

29. Plans to assassinate Pakistan's President Pervez Musharraf. 30. An attempt
to attack a U.S. oil company operating in Sumatra, Indonesia.

The Daily Telegraph

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo :; Khalid Sheikh Mohammed Color Photo :; Daniel Pearl ;
Black & White Photo : Peter Morgan, Reuters; Twenty-six Canadians died in the
World Trade Center bombings. Black & White Photo : Gary Hershorn, Reuters; The
Empire State Building in New York City. Black & White Photo :; Jeff Haynes; AFP;
Getty Images The Sears Tower looms over the Chicago skyline. Black & White Photo
:; David McNew; Getty Images The U.S. Bank Tower, formerly known as the Library
Tower, in downtown Los Angeles. Black & White Photo : Ian Waldie, Reuters; Big
Ben in London. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          February 22, 2012 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Informants vital in FBI's war on terror;
One helped bring in man accused in D.C. bomb plot

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 644 words


His name was Hussien.

To Amine El Khalifi, the Virginia man was his alleged connection to
al-Qaeda-style sympathizers in the USA.

The two shared a belief, according to federal court records, that the war on
terrorism was actually a "war on Muslims."

El Khalifi wanted to be "ready for war," so he accompanied Hussien last December
on a short trip from Alexandria, Va., to Baltimore  to meet a man who could
help.

The man, known as "Yusuf," was actually an undercover FBI agent, one of two key
players in an elaborate sting operation that would result in El Khalifi's arrest
last Friday on charges that he plotted to detonate a suicide bomb inside the
U.S. Capitol.

El Khalifi is due back in federal court for a detention hearing  today. His
attorney did not return telephone calls seeking comment.

The operative who delivered El Khalifi to federal investigators, Hussien,
represents part of an increasingly active informant pool that's helping the FBI
identify suspects involved in alleged plots against the USA from within.

Since the 9/11 attacks, when virtually no  anti-terror intelligence network
existed, federal authorities have tapped into a vast network of informants --
many of them in the U.S. Muslim community -- who have assisted in the arrests of
suspects from D.C. to Portland, Ore.

Civil rights advocates and some defense lawyers have complained that the tactics
smack of a disproportionate focus on Muslims.

"We are getting regular calls from people across the country who are being
approached by the (federal government) to act as informants," said Ibrahim
Hooper, spokesman for the Council on American Islamic Relations, which advocates
for Muslim civil liberties in the USA. "And we are concerned about what kind of
pressure is being used to get that cooperation."

"We do not investigate people based solely  on their race, ethnicity, national
origin or religious affiliation," FBI spokesman Paul Bresson said. "Our internal
guidelines expressly prohibit this conduct as well as such tactics to recruit
informants."

Court documents  highlight major roles  informants  play in helping to identify
what the government contends are  potentially fatal plots.

In the complaint lodged last week against El Khalifi, FBI Supervisory Special
Agent Steven Hersem noted that the informant not only brought the suspect to the
FBI but also accompanied El Khalifi and the undercover agent Friday on the drive
toward the Capitol  where the suspect was  arrested.

Some recent examples of other investigations that relied on informants:

Last October, a U.S. informant was crucial to exposing an alleged $1.5 million
murder-for-hire scheme to assassinate Saudi Arabia's ambassador to the United
States in an assault to be launched at a Washington restaurant, according to
court documents.

In separate plots in 2010 targeting a military recruiting center in Maryland and
a Christmas tree lighting ceremony in Portland, Ore., government informants
identified suspects on the Internet whom undercover agents engaged in detailed
ruses culminating in the delivery of dummy bombs to their alleged targets.

The same year, Abdul Kadir was sentenced to life in prison in connection with a
plot to blow up fuel tanks at John F. Kennedy International Airport, an
operation that had been infiltrated by yet another government informant.

Security analyst Clark Ervin, a former Department of Homeland Security inspector
general, said the cases represent a "payoff" for the FBI's post-9/11 effort to
thwart attacks by infiltrating terror plots.

The 9/11 Commission, the panel formed to investigate the circumstances leading
to the deadliest assault on U.S. soil, found that before the attacks in 2001,
the FBI "did not have an effective intelligence collection effort (in terror
cases)."

"It takes a long time to (develop sources)," Ervin said. "But these recent cases
show there has been progress."

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           February 11, 2006 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Bush seizes on al-Qaeda plot to hit Los Angeles;
Security experts are sceptical

BYLINE: Mark Coultan in New York, Tom Allard and Mark Forbes

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; International News; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 612 words


IN AN attempt to shore up support for the "war on terrorism", the US President,
George Bush, has disclosed new details of a plot to attack Los Angeles.

He said the 2002 plan involved a four-man cell hijacking a commercial aircraft
using shoe bombs and flying it into the tallest building in the city.

His comments sparked a rebuke from Los Angeles's mayor, while terrorism experts
doubted the plot had become operational.

Khalid Sheik Mohammed, the captured al-Qaeda chief who masterminded the
September 11 attacks, had many ideas for terrorist attacks but they tended not
to be well advanced, an Australian intelligence source said.

Another source noted, however, that Mohammed has begun to reveal more in
interrogations recently, indicating that new information may be revealed on the
plan to attack Los Angeles.

David Wright-Neville, a terrorism researcher at Monash University, said the
story of a Los Angeles plot had been doing the rounds for "several years". "My
understanding is the way that it was portrayed by President Bush isn't
necessarily correct. I don't think they foiled a plot and I'm not sure there
even was a plot."

A visiting US counter-terrorism specialist, Malcolm Nance, said elements of Mr
Bush's account seemed odd. He said that shoe bombs would typically be used to
blow up an aircraft in midair, rather than breach the cockpit door of a
passenger jet.

A leading Asian expert also downplayed Mr Bush's claims. Rohan Gunaratna, head
of terrorism research at the Institute of Defence and Strategic Studies in
Singapore, said intelligence reports had confirmed a leading member of Jemaah
Islamiah, Hambali, was asked to assist hijack plots, but the plans to target
California never progressed past "the very early stages".

Instead, he said, al-Qaeda focused on hijacking aircraft to hit landmarks in
South-East Asia, but these plots disintegrated with the arrest of leading
members in Pakistan and the region. "They discussed mounting an operation in
California, but that operation wasn't very developed. It was just too difficult
in the post-September 11 environment."

In a prepared speech on Thursday, Mr Bush said: "We believe the intended target
was Liberty [sic] Tower in Los Angeles, California." In fact, the building he
was referring to is the US Bank Tower.

Ironically, the building was shown being destroyed in the film Independence Day,
and damaged in The Day After Tomorrow.

After the speech, the Mayor of Los Angeles, Antonio Villaraigosa, lashed out,
saying Mr Bush had blindsided city leaders by not adequately informing them in
advance about the threat.

Mr Bush revealed the new details of the plot in a further attempt to justify his
wiretapping of Americans without warrants, although there is no suggestion that
wiretapping inside the US provided any intelligence about the Los Angeles plot.

The speech appeared to be designed to show the US is making headway against
terrorism. With Mr Bush struggling with his approval ratings, national security
is seen as his strongest suit.

US BANK TOWER

*Height: 310m

*Storeys: 73

*Tallest building in the US west of Chicago

*Formerly called Library Tower.

*Was destroyed by aliens in the film Independence Day and damaged in The Day

After Tomorrow.

THE PLOT

*Mastermind: al-Qaeda operative Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.

*Timed to coincide with the attacks on September 11, 2001, but postponed because

of recruiting difficulties.

*Four men began training to board a commercial airliner, use shoe bombs to blast

away the cockpit door, seize control of the aircraft and fly it into the LA
skyscraper.

*Unnamed cell leader arrested in February 2002; Mohammed arrested in March,
2003; Hambali arrested in August 2004 near Bangkok.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO PHOTOS: PHOTOS: ALLSPORT UK/ALLSPORT, AP PHOTO/KIM D. JOHNSON

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 5, 2014 Monday

Washington: Felon Arrested for Plotting to Blow Up Store and Gas Station as
Diversion for Bank Robberies

LENGTH: 506  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco,and Firearms, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A recently released prison inmate was arrested yesterday for plotting to blow up
a large store and gas station as part of his bank robbery scheme, announced U.S.
Attorney Jenny A. Durkan. LARRY GILLETTE, 53, of Shelton, Washington, is charged
with solicitation to commit a crime of violence and being a felon in possession
of a firearm. GILLETTE allegedly began plotting the bombings and bank robberies
while still serving a state prison sentence for identity theft. After being
released from prison on April 14, 2014, GILLETTE described his plot in detail to
someone he thought would assist him with his crimes. In fact the person he met
with was an undercover officer working for the FBI's Safe Streets Task Force.
GILLETTE will appear in U.S. District Court in Tacoma at 2:30 today.

According to the criminal complaint, law enforcement learned that GILLETTE told
others in prison of his plan to rob banks in Shelton using bombs at various
businesses as a diversion during which he would commit violent takeover style
robberies. Following his release from prison, an undercover officer posed as
someone who could assist GILLETTE in obtaining weapons and explosives for his
plot. On two different occasions in April 2014, GILLETTE was recorded on audio
and video describing his plot to the undercover officer as they drove around
Shelton. As described in court documents, the plot involved powerful bombs at
Walmart, and Arco and Chevron gas stations. The plot allegedly anticipated that
while first responders were busy with the bombings, GILLETTE would rob three
banks. GILLETTE indicated he wanted the maximum loss of life to occur in the
bombings and the bank robberies. At one point in the investigation, GILLETTE
took possession of four Glock firearms. GILLETTE did not know the firearms had
been modified so they would not fire. GILLETTE was arrested yesterday afternoon
when he met again with the undercover officer, and attempted to ignite a car
bomb. The "bomb" was inoperable.

Solicitation to commit a crime of violence is punishable by up to twenty years
of imprisonment. Being a felon in possession of a firearm is punishable by up to
ten years of imprisonment.

The charges contained in the complaint are only allegations. A person is
presumed innocent unless and until he or she is proven guilty beyond a
reasonable doubt in a court of law.

The case is being investigated by the Seattle Safe Streets Task Force -- which
includes special agents from the FBI and task force officers from the Seattle
Police Department (SPD) -- and the SPD Major Crimes Task Force. SPD SWAT, the
Mason County Sheriff's Office, and Shelton Police Department, and the Bureau of
Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms & Explosives (ATF) partnered with the task forces on
the arrest and the serving of search warrants.

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Jeffrey A.
Backhus.

For more information please visit: http://www.atf.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           October 31, 2013 Thursday
                                 SVoice Edition

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: S; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 410 words


GRANT PARK GARDEN HAS 15 AVAILABLE PLOTS

SOUTH PERRY - The community garden in Grant Park has 15 vacant garden plots
ready for spring. The garden holds 39 plots, and interim garden master Dennis
Anderson said it's lost a little momentum.

"It got started really well and was very busy, but we need someone in the
neighborhood to become the new garden master," Anderson said.

The fence around the garden has been completed, though garden users need to
raise another $700 to pay for it.

Plots cost between $25 and $50; payment must be made in advance. All plots
require six hours of volunteer work donated to the garden, not counting the time
gardeners spend on their own plot.

"We will pick gardeners by early next year," Anderson said. Contact the Grant
Park community garden via email at grantparkgarden@gmail.com or call: (509)
747-5562.

VOLUNTEERS NEEDED FOR FOLKLORE FESTIVAL

CHIEF GARRY PARK - The Spokane Folklore Society's 18th annual Fall Festival is
Nov. 9 from 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. and Nov. 10 from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. at Spokane
Community College's Lair Building, 1810 N. Greene St.

More than 200 volunteers are needed to help make the festival happen. Volunteer
jobs include supervising children crafts workshops, selling traditional crafts
and meals, setting up and taking down equipment and tables, and selling $3
buttons to support the festival. For information visit spokanefolkfestival.org
or call (509) 328-3829.

BOOK SALE WILL BENEFIT AUTISM ORGANIZATION

NORTHWEST - Thousands of children's, teenage, classical, mystery, romance and
thriller books will be sold at a fundraiser for Northwest Autism Center Friday
and Saturday from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. at 8501 N. Whitehouse Drive.

For more information or to volunteer call (509) 328-1582 or email
info@nwautism.org

FREE RESTAURANT SEEKS VOLUNTEER PREP COOKS

DOWNTOWN - The Women and Children's Free Restaurant is looking for experienced,
volunteer prep cooks Monday through Thursday, between 9 a.m. and 2 p.m.

A food handler's card is required.

To apply visit www.wcfrspokane.org or call (509) 324-1995.

HOMELESS MINISTRY HOSTING TALENT SHOW

DOWNTOWN - Change for the Better, a homeless ministry, is hosting a talent show
featuring business and political leaders, as well as homeless performers, on
Saturday at 4:30 p.m. at Central United Methodist Church, 218 S. Howard St.

Tickets purchased in advance are $7 or $10 for VIP seating; tickets at the door
are $10 and $15. Call (509) 455-9019.

TYPE: Briefs

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   July 7, 1991, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Talking: Gardening;
Sharing The Land In Condos

BYLINE: By ANDREE BROOKS

SECTION: Section 10; Page 3; Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1007 words


AS midsummer approaches, many residents of suburban condominums are gazing
longingly at their neighbors in one-family houses who are beginning to harvest
produce from lush vegetable gardens.

Though they may have been only too willing to give up backyard chores when they
moved into a condo, they now feel a sense of loss. Ruth Price, for example, who
moved four years ago from a one-family house in Guilford, Conn., to a
condominium about 30 miles away, suffered such withdrawal symptoms that she now
helps tend a friend's vegetable garden in the next town.

It does not have to be so. Any condominium or homeowner association can create a
community garden by setting aside land in the common area and dividing it into
individual gardening plots.

"We've had one at Rowayton Woods for 10 years and the people love it," said
Edward Nardella, president of Corporate Property Management of Norwalk, Conn.,
which manages some 43 associations. Rowayton Woods is a 206-unit town-house
condominium near the center of Rowayton, Conn.

Some 34 million households tended vegetable gardens in 1990, up from 30 million
in 1989, according to the National Gardening Association, and many community
ownership residents were among them.

"This year we have a waiting list of about 40 people for garden plots," said
Claudia Thompson-Deahl, environmental manager at Reston, Va., a planned
community of 20,000 units where a community garden has been maintained for 20
years.

Among the growing number of gardeners, she added, are the community's Asian and
Indian residents, who are eager to grow exotic vegetables and herbs that they
cannot easily find in stores.

Fairfield Glade, a homeowner association of some 3,000 year-round and time-share
units on 12,500 acres near Nashville, Tenn., now has 66 garden plots, having
added eight this year to keep pace with requests. "We just keep expanding," said
Rick Dowswell, the recreation director.

Nevertheless, a sampling of managers nationwide suggests that condominium or
co-op community gardens are still relatively uncommon. One reason could be the
mistaken notion that it is illegal -- or at least very complicated -- to set
aside common lands for individual gardening plots.

Not so, said Gurdon Buck of Hartford, supervisory council member of the American
Bar Association's Committee on Housing and a leading authority on community
association law.

The legal status of the plots is much the same as that of individual parking
places, he said. Both are taken from common ground and may be assigned on a
temporary basis according to rules set by the board of directors -- provided
those rules are applied in a nondiscriminatory way and offer a reasonable method
of access for any applicant. But plots cannot be permanently assigned to any
individual or unit.

A community garden can therefore be established at any time by the board without
modifying the basic documents of the association or getting a two-thirds
majority vote, Mr. Buck said.

A compelling argument for a community garden is to prevent illegal gardening in
other areas. An alternative is to create a garden club and let members landscape
and beautify parts of the grounds as a community project.

This was done four years ago at Sudden Valley, a 4,500-unit homeowner
association in Bellingham, Wash. "Each year it's looking better and better,"
said Billie Thoreson, the general manager. Although this method limits gardening
to flowers and shrubs, it also helps the association save on landscaping costs.

IF a complex is not yet complete it might be possible to persuade the developer
to let part of the unused land be temporarily set aside for gardening, a
technique appropriate in a recession when new construction is often placed on
hold.

This idea was used successfully by Carol Levey, a resident of the 180-unit River
Walk homeowner association in Chesapeake, Va. Earlier this year, Ms. Levey
obtained about a quarter of an acre for gardening on a sunny piece of adjacent
land that the River Walk developer owned and planned to use for a strip shopping
center.

The best place for a community garden is a secluded area that is visible neither
from the units nor the roadway so it does not mar the overall appearance of the
development, said Doug Kleine, president of Professional Association Services of
Reston, a consultant to community associations.

Rowayton Woods, for example, has its garden tucked between a copse and a pond on
the edge of the complex. At Reston the garden is on a strip of land that would
have otherwise remained unused because of a gas pipeline easement.

Other good spots could be wetlands, open space that cannot be built upon or
buffer zones between the complex and an unsightly neighbor, like a commercial
complex, said Mr. Kleine.

The most common method of assigning plots is first come first served, with prior
garden-plot renters given preference. Seasonal rents range from $10 to $40.
Some, like Rowayton Woods, give rebates to owners who clean out their plots in
the fall.

The rent normally covers the cost to the association of fencing the area (to
keep out wildlife and vandals) and providing water.

Areas are often divided into those where chemical fertilizers can be used and
those restricted to organic gardening, "so as not to affect everyone else," said
Cynthia Yee, who coordinates the community garden at Farmington Woods, a
969-unit condominium in Farmington, Conn.

Community gardens can also provide a social opportunity and a chance for pooling
resources for bulk purchases of seed and equipment. At Fairfield Glade,
gardeners find new friends as they give away excess produce to their
nongardening neighbors.

At Heritage Village, a 2,580-unit retirement condominium in Southbury, Conn.,
the end-of-season festival at which the vegetables and flowers are
professionally judged has become "one of the most popular events of its type in
the state," said Jack Lewis, senior vice president of the River Garden Club,
which operates the Village's 750 plots.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 6, 2016 Wednesday

Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Issues Letter to Idaho Power Company
accepting the Owner's Dam Safety Program for the listed projects under P-18 et.
al.

LENGTH: 800 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Issues the following  Letter
to Portland Regional office



  4/5/2016

 In reply refer to:

 P-4441-WA

 NATDAM-WA00153

 Mr. Tom Emrich

 Skookumchuck Dam, LLC

 913 Big Hanaford Road

 Centralia, WA 98531

 Subject: Acknowledgement of 2015 Dam Safety Surveillance and Monitoring Report
for the Skookumchuck Project, FERC No. 4441

 Dear Mr. Emrich:



 We have received your February 22, 2016 letters transmitting the 2015 Annual
Dam Safety Surveillance and Monitoring Report (DSSMR) for the Skookumchuck
Project, FERC No. 4441. We have reviewed your DSSMR and have the following
comments.

 1. Page 9 of this report indicates that, "Although there is no indication of
the development of a piping-related PFM, the lack of a clear explanation of the
change in behavior of the two core piezometers warrants continued close
attention, particularly if unusual behavior continues." We concur with this
statement and expect your 2016 DSSMR will continue to comment on any
developments on this matter.

 2. In the 2015 DSSMR you attribute survey measurements as meeting and/or
exceeding thresholds to be due to the new survey procedure implemented in 2014
and historic thresholds being within the survey accuracy. We find this
explanation satisfactory for this reporting period, but if the survey monuments
continue to meet and/or exceed the thresholds you establish, further
investigation will be requested.

 During a March 24, 2016 phone conversation, other comments were discussed, and
our understanding of what was agreed upon is documented here. Please let us know
before the submittal of the 2016 DSSMR if your understanding differs.

 FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION

 Office of Energy Projects

 Division of Dam Safety and Inspections - Portland Regional Office

 805 SW Broadway, Suite 550

 Portland, Oregon 97205

 (503) 552-2700 Office - (503) 552-2799 Facsimile

 2

 3. Two additional piezometer plots will be added to the 2016 DSSMR. These plots
will be similar to the plot on page 118, but will be isolated to the piezometers
at a single location, i.e. the pairs P-1/ P-2 and P-3/P-4 will each have a
separate plot. These additional plots will make it easier to read complete time
history data for each set of piezometers.

 4. The piezometer time history plots will include the design basis value, when
available, on the plots in the 2016 DSSMR.

 5. The correlation plots for the piezometers are provided to illustrate the
threshold bounds and design basis values, where available. These threshold
bounds are a function of the historical data collected, and until the project
fully implements the remote data collection system in the piezometers, these
threshold levels are anticipated to continue to have minor adjustments. Should
there be a significant change in a piezometer reading, the licensee has shown us
through their diligent efforts with the recent core piezometer evaluation, that
they will address it with the appropriate action, i.e. not by shifting the
threshold. With this said, the licensee is advised to provide an explanation in
their annual DSSMR should even a minor shift in thresholds be necessary.

 6. Along with comment No.5, the correlations plots for the piezometers are also
not presented to prove correlation of piezometers to reservoir levels, but to
aid in overall trend and movement evaluations of each piezometer.

 7. Table 3 in Section 2 includes PFMs 14, 15, and 16, which are also included
in Table 1 of the same section. The reason for this duplication is that in the
reporting period, the licensee elevated these three PFM's from a Category VI to
a Category II due to the core piezometer concern. So, while the PFMs are not
"new", the licensee felt that the new categorization warranted including them in
Table 3, titled "Newly Identified PFMs". D2SI- PRO has no concerns with this
approach.

 8. Table 4 in Section 2 has duplicate slope inclinometer rows, which was a
mistype from the previous report. This item will be resolved with the 2016
DSSMR.

 9. Table 4 in Section 2 indicates that there are two engineer inspections each
year. These semi-annual inspections are performed in conjunction with the dam
face inspection. The licensee indicated that this would be clarified in future
DSSMR documents.

 10. The culvert weir observations were not included in the DSSMR, as their
measurement is not used for evaluation of dam safety. The purpose of the culvert
weir will be clarified in the 2016 DSSMR.

 3

 Your efforts in dam safety are acknowledged and appreciated. If you have any
questions regarding this letter, please call Ms. Brooke Weeks of this office at
503-552-2705.

 Sincerely,

 Douglas L. Johnson, P.E.

 Regional Engineer



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 6, 2016 Wednesday

Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Issues Letter to Idaho Power Company
accepting the Owner's Dam Safety Program for the listed projects under P-18 et.
al.

LENGTH: 799 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Issues the following  Letter
to Portland Regional office



  4/5/2016

 In reply refer to:

 P-4441-WA

 NATDAM-WA00153

 Mr. Tom Emrich

 Skookumchuck Dam, LLC

 913 Big Hanaford Road

 Centralia, WA 98531

 Subject: Acknowledgement of 2015 Dam Safety Surveillance and Monitoring Report
for the Skookumchuck Project, FERC No. 4441

 Dear Mr. Emrich:



 We have received your February 22, 2016 letters transmitting the 2015 Annual
Dam Safety Surveillance and Monitoring Report (DSSMR) for the Skookumchuck
Project, FERC No. 4441. We have reviewed your DSSMR and have the following
comments.

 1. Page 9 of this report indicates that, "Although there is no indication of
the development of a piping-related PFM, the lack of a clear explanation of the
change in behavior of the two core piezometers warrants continued close
attention, particularly if unusual behavior continues." We concur with this
statement and expect your 2016 DSSMR will continue to comment on any
developments on this matter.

 2. In the 2015 DSSMR you attribute survey measurements as meeting and/or
exceeding thresholds to be due to the new survey procedure implemented in 2014
and historic thresholds being within the survey accuracy. We find this
explanation satisfactory for this reporting period, but if the survey monuments
continue to meet and/or exceed the thresholds you establish, further
investigation will be requested.

 During a March 24, 2016 phone conversation, other comments were discussed, and
our understanding of what was agreed upon is documented here. Please let us know
before the submittal of the 2016 DSSMR if your understanding differs.

 FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION

 Office of Energy Projects

 Division of Dam Safety and Inspections - Portland Regional Office

 805 SW Broadway, Suite 550

 Portland, Oregon 97205

 (503) 552-2700 Office - (503) 552-2799 Facsimile

 2

 3. Two additional piezometer plots will be added to the 2016 DSSMR. These plots
will be similar to the plot on page 118, but will be isolated to the piezometers
at a single location, i.e. the pairs P-1/ P-2 and P-3/P-4 will each have a
separate plot. These additional plots will make it easier to read complete time
history data for each set of piezometers.

 4. The piezometer time history plots will include the design basis value, when
available, on the plots in the 2016 DSSMR.

 5. The correlation plots for the piezometers are provided to illustrate the
threshold bounds and design basis values, where available. These threshold
bounds are a function of the historical data collected, and until the project
fully implements the remote data collection system in the piezometers, these
threshold levels are anticipated to continue to have minor adjustments. Should
there be a significant change in a piezometer reading, the licensee has shown us
through their diligent efforts with the recent core piezometer evaluation, that
they will address it with the appropriate action, i.e. not by shifting the
threshold. With this said, the licensee is advised to provide an explanation in
their annual DSSMR should even a minor shift in thresholds be necessary.

 6. Along with comment No.5, the correlations plots for the piezometers are also
not presented to prove correlation of piezometers to reservoir levels, but to
aid in overall trend and movement evaluations of each piezometer.

 7. Table 3 in Section 2 includes PFMs 14, 15, and 16, which are also included
in Table 1 of the same section. The reason for this duplication is that in the
reporting period, the licensee elevated these three PFM's from a Category VI to
a Category II due to the core piezometer concern. So, while the PFMs are not
"new", the licensee felt that the new categorization warranted including them in
Table 3, titled "Newly Identified PFMs". D2SI- PRO has no concerns with this
approach.

 8. Table 4 in Section 2 has duplicate slope inclinometer rows, which was a
mistype from the previous report. This item will be resolved with the 2016
DSSMR.

 9. Table 4 in Section 2 indicates that there are two engineer inspections each
year. These semi-annual inspections are performed in conjunction with the dam
face inspection. The licensee indicated that this would be clarified in future
DSSMR documents.

 10. The culvert weir observations were not included in the DSSMR, as their
measurement is not used for evaluation of dam safety. The purpose of the culvert
weir will be clarified in the 2016 DSSMR.

 3

 Your efforts in dam safety are acknowledged and appreciated. If you have any
questions regarding this letter, please call Ms. Brooke Weeks of this office at
503-552-2705.

 Sincerely,

 Douglas L. Johnson, P.E.

 Regional Engineer



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 6, 2016 Wednesday

Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Issues Letter to Idaho Power Company
accepting the Owner's Dam Safety Program for the listed projects under P-18 et.
al.

LENGTH: 800 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Issues the following  Letter
to Portland Regional office



  4/5/2016

 In reply refer to:

 P-4441-WA

 NATDAM-WA00153

 Mr. Tom Emrich

 Skookumchuck Dam, LLC

 913 Big Hanaford Road

 Centralia, WA 98531

 Subject: Acknowledgement of 2015 Dam Safety Surveillance and Monitoring Report
for the Skookumchuck Project, FERC No. 4441

 Dear Mr. Emrich:



 We have received your February 22, 2016 letters transmitting the 2015 Annual
Dam Safety Surveillance and Monitoring Report (DSSMR) for the Skookumchuck
Project, FERC No. 4441. We have reviewed your DSSMR and have the following
comments.

 1. Page 9 of this report indicates that, "Although there is no indication of
the development of a piping-related PFM, the lack of a clear explanation of the
change in behavior of the two core piezometers warrants continued close
attention, particularly if unusual behavior continues." We concur with this
statement and expect your 2016 DSSMR will continue to comment on any
developments on this matter.

 2. In the 2015 DSSMR you attribute survey measurements as meeting and/or
exceeding thresholds to be due to the new survey procedure implemented in 2014
and historic thresholds being within the survey accuracy. We find this
explanation satisfactory for this reporting period, but if the survey monuments
continue to meet and/or exceed the thresholds you establish, further
investigation will be requested.

 During a March 24, 2016 phone conversation, other comments were discussed, and
our understanding of what was agreed upon is documented here. Please let us know
before the submittal of the 2016 DSSMR if your understanding differs.

 FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION

 Office of Energy Projects

 Division of Dam Safety and Inspections - Portland Regional Office

 805 SW Broadway, Suite 550

 Portland, Oregon 97205

 (503) 552-2700 Office - (503) 552-2799 Facsimile

 2

 3. Two additional piezometer plots will be added to the 2016 DSSMR. These plots
will be similar to the plot on page 118, but will be isolated to the piezometers
at a single location, i.e. the pairs P-1/ P-2 and P-3/P-4 will each have a
separate plot. These additional plots will make it easier to read complete time
history data for each set of piezometers.

 4. The piezometer time history plots will include the design basis value, when
available, on the plots in the 2016 DSSMR.

 5. The correlation plots for the piezometers are provided to illustrate the
threshold bounds and design basis values, where available. These threshold
bounds are a function of the historical data collected, and until the project
fully implements the remote data collection system in the piezometers, these
threshold levels are anticipated to continue to have minor adjustments. Should
there be a significant change in a piezometer reading, the licensee has shown us
through their diligent efforts with the recent core piezometer evaluation, that
they will address it with the appropriate action, i.e. not by shifting the
threshold. With this said, the licensee is advised to provide an explanation in
their annual DSSMR should even a minor shift in thresholds be necessary.

 6. Along with comment No.5, the correlations plots for the piezometers are also
not presented to prove correlation of piezometers to reservoir levels, but to
aid in overall trend and movement evaluations of each piezometer.

 7. Table 3 in Section 2 includes PFMs 14, 15, and 16, which are also included
in Table 1 of the same section. The reason for this duplication is that in the
reporting period, the licensee elevated these three PFM's from a Category VI to
a Category II due to the core piezometer concern. So, while the PFMs are not
"new", the licensee felt that the new categorization warranted including them in
Table 3, titled "Newly Identified PFMs". D2SI- PRO has no concerns with this
approach.

 8. Table 4 in Section 2 has duplicate slope inclinometer rows, which was a
mistype from the previous report. This item will be resolved with the 2016
DSSMR.

 9. Table 4 in Section 2 indicates that there are two engineer inspections each
year. These semi-annual inspections are performed in conjunction with the dam
face inspection. The licensee indicated that this would be clarified in future
DSSMR documents.

 10. The culvert weir observations were not included in the DSSMR, as their
measurement is not used for evaluation of dam safety. The purpose of the culvert
weir will be clarified in the 2016 DSSMR.

 3

 Your efforts in dam safety are acknowledged and appreciated. If you have any
questions regarding this letter, please call Ms. Brooke Weeks of this office at
503-552-2705.

 Sincerely,

 Douglas L. Johnson, P.E.

 Regional Engineer



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 6, 2016 Wednesday

Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Issues Letter to Idaho Power Company
accepting the Owner's Dam Safety Program for the listed projects under P-18 et.
al.

LENGTH: 799 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Issues the following  Letter
to Portland Regional office



  4/5/2016

 In reply refer to:

 P-4441-WA

 NATDAM-WA00153

 Mr. Tom Emrich

 Skookumchuck Dam, LLC

 913 Big Hanaford Road

 Centralia, WA 98531

 Subject: Acknowledgement of 2015 Dam Safety Surveillance and Monitoring Report
for the Skookumchuck Project, FERC No. 4441

 Dear Mr. Emrich:



 We have received your February 22, 2016 letters transmitting the 2015 Annual
Dam Safety Surveillance and Monitoring Report (DSSMR) for the Skookumchuck
Project, FERC No. 4441. We have reviewed your DSSMR and have the following
comments.

 1. Page 9 of this report indicates that, "Although there is no indication of
the development of a piping-related PFM, the lack of a clear explanation of the
change in behavior of the two core piezometers warrants continued close
attention, particularly if unusual behavior continues." We concur with this
statement and expect your 2016 DSSMR will continue to comment on any
developments on this matter.

 2. In the 2015 DSSMR you attribute survey measurements as meeting and/or
exceeding thresholds to be due to the new survey procedure implemented in 2014
and historic thresholds being within the survey accuracy. We find this
explanation satisfactory for this reporting period, but if the survey monuments
continue to meet and/or exceed the thresholds you establish, further
investigation will be requested.

 During a March 24, 2016 phone conversation, other comments were discussed, and
our understanding of what was agreed upon is documented here. Please let us know
before the submittal of the 2016 DSSMR if your understanding differs.

 FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION

 Office of Energy Projects

 Division of Dam Safety and Inspections - Portland Regional Office

 805 SW Broadway, Suite 550

 Portland, Oregon 97205

 (503) 552-2700 Office - (503) 552-2799 Facsimile

 2

 3. Two additional piezometer plots will be added to the 2016 DSSMR. These plots
will be similar to the plot on page 118, but will be isolated to the piezometers
at a single location, i.e. the pairs P-1/ P-2 and P-3/P-4 will each have a
separate plot. These additional plots will make it easier to read complete time
history data for each set of piezometers.

 4. The piezometer time history plots will include the design basis value, when
available, on the plots in the 2016 DSSMR.

 5. The correlation plots for the piezometers are provided to illustrate the
threshold bounds and design basis values, where available. These threshold
bounds are a function of the historical data collected, and until the project
fully implements the remote data collection system in the piezometers, these
threshold levels are anticipated to continue to have minor adjustments. Should
there be a significant change in a piezometer reading, the licensee has shown us
through their diligent efforts with the recent core piezometer evaluation, that
they will address it with the appropriate action, i.e. not by shifting the
threshold. With this said, the licensee is advised to provide an explanation in
their annual DSSMR should even a minor shift in thresholds be necessary.

 6. Along with comment No.5, the correlations plots for the piezometers are also
not presented to prove correlation of piezometers to reservoir levels, but to
aid in overall trend and movement evaluations of each piezometer.

 7. Table 3 in Section 2 includes PFMs 14, 15, and 16, which are also included
in Table 1 of the same section. The reason for this duplication is that in the
reporting period, the licensee elevated these three PFM's from a Category VI to
a Category II due to the core piezometer concern. So, while the PFMs are not
"new", the licensee felt that the new categorization warranted including them in
Table 3, titled "Newly Identified PFMs". D2SI- PRO has no concerns with this
approach.

 8. Table 4 in Section 2 has duplicate slope inclinometer rows, which was a
mistype from the previous report. This item will be resolved with the 2016
DSSMR.

 9. Table 4 in Section 2 indicates that there are two engineer inspections each
year. These semi-annual inspections are performed in conjunction with the dam
face inspection. The licensee indicated that this would be clarified in future
DSSMR documents.

 10. The culvert weir observations were not included in the DSSMR, as their
measurement is not used for evaluation of dam safety. The purpose of the culvert
weir will be clarified in the 2016 DSSMR.

 3

 Your efforts in dam safety are acknowledged and appreciated. If you have any
questions regarding this letter, please call Ms. Brooke Weeks of this office at
503-552-2705.

 Sincerely,

 Douglas L. Johnson, P.E.

 Regional Engineer



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 6, 2016 Wednesday

Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Issues Letter to Idaho Power Company
accepting the Owner's Dam Safety Program for the listed projects under P-18 et.
al.

LENGTH: 799 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Issues the following Letter
to Portland Regional office



  4/5/2016

 In reply refer to:

 P-4441-WA

 NATDAM-WA00153

 Mr. Tom Emrich

 Skookumchuck Dam, LLC

 913 Big Hanaford Road

 Centralia, WA 98531

 Subject: Acknowledgement of 2015 Dam Safety Surveillance and Monitoring Report
for the Skookumchuck Project, FERC No. 4441

 Dear Mr. Emrich:



 We have received your February 22, 2016 letters transmitting the 2015 Annual
Dam Safety Surveillance and Monitoring Report (DSSMR) for the Skookumchuck
Project, FERC No. 4441. We have reviewed your DSSMR and have the following
comments.

 1. Page 9 of this report indicates that, "Although there is no indication of
the development of a piping-related PFM, the lack of a clear explanation of the
change in behavior of the two core piezometers warrants continued close
attention, particularly if unusual behavior continues." We concur with this
statement and expect your 2016 DSSMR will continue to comment on any
developments on this matter.

 2. In the 2015 DSSMR you attribute survey measurements as meeting and/or
exceeding thresholds to be due to the new survey procedure implemented in 2014
and historic thresholds being within the survey accuracy. We find this
explanation satisfactory for this reporting period, but if the survey monuments
continue to meet and/or exceed the thresholds you establish, further
investigation will be requested.

 During a March 24, 2016 phone conversation, other comments were discussed, and
our understanding of what was agreed upon is documented here. Please let us know
before the submittal of the 2016 DSSMR if your understanding differs.

 FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION

 Office of Energy Projects

 Division of Dam Safety and Inspections - Portland Regional Office

 805 SW Broadway, Suite 550

 Portland, Oregon 97205

 (503) 552-2700 Office - (503) 552-2799 Facsimile

 2

 3. Two additional piezometer plots will be added to the 2016 DSSMR. These plots
will be similar to the plot on page 118, but will be isolated to the piezometers
at a single location, i.e. the pairs P-1/ P-2 and P-3/P-4 will each have a
separate plot. These additional plots will make it easier to read complete time
history data for each set of piezometers.

 4. The piezometer time history plots will include the design basis value, when
available, on the plots in the 2016 DSSMR.

 5. The correlation plots for the piezometers are provided to illustrate the
threshold bounds and design basis values, where available. These threshold
bounds are a function of the historical data collected, and until the project
fully implements the remote data collection system in the piezometers, these
threshold levels are anticipated to continue to have minor adjustments. Should
there be a significant change in a piezometer reading, the licensee has shown us
through their diligent efforts with the recent core piezometer evaluation, that
they will address it with the appropriate action, i.e. not by shifting the
threshold. With this said, the licensee is advised to provide an explanation in
their annual DSSMR should even a minor shift in thresholds be necessary.

 6. Along with comment No.5, the correlations plots for the piezometers are also
not presented to prove correlation of piezometers to reservoir levels, but to
aid in overall trend and movement evaluations of each piezometer.

 7. Table 3 in Section 2 includes PFMs 14, 15, and 16, which are also included
in Table 1 of the same section. The reason for this duplication is that in the
reporting period, the licensee elevated these three PFM's from a Category VI to
a Category II due to the core piezometer concern. So, while the PFMs are not
"new", the licensee felt that the new categorization warranted including them in
Table 3, titled "Newly Identified PFMs". D2SI- PRO has no concerns with this
approach.

 8. Table 4 in Section 2 has duplicate slope inclinometer rows, which was a
mistype from the previous report. This item will be resolved with the 2016
DSSMR.

 9. Table 4 in Section 2 indicates that there are two engineer inspections each
year. These semi-annual inspections are performed in conjunction with the dam
face inspection. The licensee indicated that this would be clarified in future
DSSMR documents.

 10. The culvert weir observations were not included in the DSSMR, as their
measurement is not used for evaluation of dam safety. The purpose of the culvert
weir will be clarified in the 2016 DSSMR.

 3

 Your efforts in dam safety are acknowledged and appreciated. If you have any
questions regarding this letter, please call Ms. Brooke Weeks of this office at
503-552-2705.

 Sincerely,

 Douglas L. Johnson, P.E.

 Regional Engineer



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 26, 2011 Monday

Abolitionist's remains could be in Norwich

BYLINE: Claire Bessette, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 604 words


Dec. 26--NORWICH -- Famed 19th-century abolitionist David Ruggles might indeed
be buried in the Ruggles family plot in Yantic Cemetery.

Radar shows three unmarked graves, but whether one of those is the final resting
place of David Ruggles would take more historical research and possibly
excavation and DNA testing -- if there are remains that could still be tested.

On Nov. 9, a team of soil specialists accompanied State Archaeologist Nicholas
Bellantoni and members of the local Freedom Trail Committee to the plot in the
cemetery on Lafayette Street.

The group had asked Bellantoni to study whether David Ruggles could be buried in
the mostly unmarked family plot just inside the main entrance. Using
ground-penetrating radar, soil survey leader Deborah Surabian and Marybeth
Holer, a volunteer with a group called Earth Team, combed the plot with a device
resembling a small lawn mower.

In a report on the findings, Surabian said results show that three areas of
"anomalies" consistent with grave sites were found in a straight line behind two
marked Ruggles graves, his mother Nancy and niece Sarah, and in line with his
brother Felix's grave.

"The layout of this cemetery plot has the burials laid in a north-south
direction with paths running east/west that provide access to the individual
plots," Surabian wrote. "Knowing the pattern of this plot and interpreting the
anomalies in the radar record as a cemetery plot suggest that there may be
additional burials in this survey area. These three anomalies may be deemed
worthy of further attention by archaeologists."

Bellantoni said unless local research confirms that Ruggles is buried in the
plot, there's no way of knowing scientifically without excavation and DNA
testing whether any of the grave sites is that of David Ruggles.

"According to the radar, there are clearly three unmarked graves there,"
Bellantoni said. "Who they are will take some sleuthing. The only way to make a
positive identification is by excavation."

City Historian Dale Plummer, a member of the Freedom Trail Committee, hopes to
determine whether Ruggles' body was returned to his native Norwich for burial
after he died in Massachusetts in 1849 at the age of 39. Ruggles' death was so
notable, Plummer said, that there were newspaper reports of it at the time.
Unfortunately, most early burial records from the Yantic Cemetery were lost in a
fire, he said.

Plummer will also look for information on Ruggles in an extensive listing of
19th-century deaths in New London County kept by two local women.

He also hopes to find physical descriptions of Ruggles for clues to his
mysterious death.

"He was struck with blindness in the 1840s," Plummer said. "No one knows what
disease he had."

When Ruggles left Norwich, he worked as a printer, writer and publisher in New
York, where he founded the Committee of Vigilance. Biographer Graham Russell Gao
Hodges credits Ruggles with helping more than 600 slaves to freedom, including
famed abolitionist Frederick Douglass. That biography is expected to be released
in paperback by late summer 2012, Hodges said Tuesday.

The local Freedom Trail Committee is working to place the Yantic Cemetery both
on the National Register of Historic Places and as a stop on the Connecticut
Freedom Trail.

The cemetery research was one component of that research. Plummer would not rule
out seeking an excavation at some point in the future, but that would entail
contacting family members and detailed planning, he said.

c.bessette@theday.com

___ (c)2011 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111226-NL-Abolitionist-s-remains-could-be-in-Norwich-1226-20111226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2011 The Day


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           August 29, 2001, Wednesday

BIN LADEN IN NEW LINK TO L.A. PLOT

BYLINE: By ROBERT GEARTY DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 219 words

A new indictment against a London-based Algerian draws terrorist mastermind
Osama Bin Laden even closer to a plot to bomb Los Angeles International Airport.

The indictment accuses Abu (The Doctor) Doha, who is in custody in London facing
extradition to the U.S., of hatching the LAX bomb plot before meeting with Bin
Laden in December 1998 in the fugitive Saudi billionaire's hideout in
Afghanistan. There, the indictment says, they discussed "cooperation and
coordination" between Bin Laden's Al Qaeda terrorist organization and a group of
Algerian terrorists whose activities Doha coordinated.

The indictment and an earlier complaint accuse Doha of aiding the travel of
would-be terrorists to training camps run by Al Qaeda in Afghanistan.

The eight-count indictment accuses Doha of conspiring "to use a weapon of mass
destruction" to bomb LAX during New Year's Eve celebrations ushering in 2000.

The plot was foiled in December 1999, when Ahmed Ressam, a member of Doha's
terrorist cell, was caught trying to enter Washington State from Canada in a car
loaded with explosives. After his conviction in April, Ressam agreed to
cooperate with the government.

Last month, a jury in Manhattan Federal Court found Montreal shopkeeper Mokhtar
Haouari guilty of giving Ressam a fake driver's license and money.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Osama Bin Laden

                        Copyright 2001 Daily News, L.P.


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           October 12, 2011 Wednesday

Plot to kill Saudi ambassador thwarted

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 583 words


The Obama administration has accused agents of the Iranian government of being
involved in a plan to assassinate the Saudi ambassador to the United States.

Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said the thwarted plot would further
isolate Tehran.

Two people, including a member of Iran's special operations unit known as the
Quds Force, were charged in New York federal court.

Justice Department officials say they were working with a person they thought
was an associate of a Mexican drug cartel to target the Saudi diplomat, Adel
Al-Jubeir. But their contact was an informant for the Drug Enforcement Agency
who told US authorities about all their planning.

FBI Director Robert Mueller said many lives could have been lost in the plot to
kill the ambassador with bombs in the US But Preet Bharara, the US attorney in
Manhattan, said no explosives were actually placed and no one was in any danger
because of the informant's cooperation with authorities.

Attorney General Eric Holder said the US would hold Iran accountable. Clinton
told The Associated Press the Treasury Department soon would put more people
under sanctions. She also predicted the plot would further isolate Iran.

Holder said the bomb plot was a flagrant violation of US and international law.

"We will not let other countries use our soil as their battleground," Bharara
said at a press conference in Washington with Holder and FBI Director Robert
Mueller.

Iran rejected the US claims, with IRNA, the official Iranian news agency,
calling the accusations "America's new propaganda scenario" against the Tehran
government. It did not elaborate.

Alizreza Miryusefi, the press attache at Iran's mission to the United Nations,
said Tuesday that the accusation was "totally baseless" and that a full
statement would be issued shortly.

Manssor Arbabsiar, a 56-year-old US citizen who also holds an Iranian passport,
was charged along with Gholam Shakuri, whom authorities said was a Quds Force
member and is still at large in Iran.

Justice Department officials say Arbabsiar approached the DEA informant in
Mexico to ask about his knowledge of explosives for a plot to blow up the Saudi
embassy in Washington. But through subsequent conversations in English, secretly
recorded for US authorities, Arbabsiar offered $1.5 million for the death of the
ambassador, perhaps at a purported favorite restaurant of his despite the
possibility of mass casualties.

Asked whether the plot was blessed by the top echelons of the Iranian
government, Holder said the Justice Department was not making that accusation.

Arbabsiar did not know he was trying to hire a DEA informant to carry out the
plot, prosecutors said. Posing as an associate of a Mexican drug cartel, the
informant met with Arbabsiar several times in Mexico, authorities said. The
price tag was $1.5 million and Arabsiar made a $100,000 down payment wired from
an overseas account.

Arbabsiar was arrested Sept. 29 at New York's John F. Kennedy International
Airport. He was scheduled to appear in federal court Tuesday. Prosecutors said
he faces up to life in prison if convicted.

Prosecutors said Arbabsiar has confessed to his participation in the murder plot
.

President Barack Obama was first briefed on the plot in June, said White House
spokesman Tommy Vietor.

"The disruption of this plot is a significant achievement by our intelligence
and law enforcement agencies, and the president is enormously grateful for their
exceptional work in this instance and countless others," Vietor said.

-AP

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                              May 20, 2005 Friday

Area farm will serve as lookout

BYLINE: Chris Anderson

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 628 words


DANVERS -- A 3-acre plot on Wally Denzer's farm between Bloomington and Danvers
will soon become soybean rust central.

Denzer, an Illinois Soybean Checkoff Board member, is hosting one of 38 soybean
rust sentinel plots around the state. The plots serve as an early warning system
for farmers in case soybean rust spreads from the South into Illinois.

"I asked to have the plot planted. It's right off the interstate (I-74), and
it's easy to get to," said Denzer, who helped University of Illinois Extension
staff plant the plot May 5.

Denzer's farm also hosts one of 10 U of I Extension fungicide evaluation sites
in the state. Researchers planted a half-dozen varieties to test preventive
fungicide application effects on soybean yield as well as effectiveness against
rust if it strikes.

"This should be reassuring to growers that we are doing something. We are as
well prepared as we can be because we had the winter to plan," said Wayne
Pedersen, U of I soybean disease management specialist.

Soybean rust, a yield-robbing fungal disease, has been prevalent in South
America, Africa and parts of Asia for years. It was first detected in the United
States last fall in a Louisiana soybean research plot. At the end of April, rust
was confirmed in volunteer soybeans growing in Georgia.

Fungal spores likely blew into Florida from the south during last fall's
hurricane season. Spores do not overwinter in Illinois, but can be blown into
the state every year from the south.

Sentinel plot sites throughout the state were chosen largely among
grower-volunteers, established research sites and past research
grower-cooperators. If gaps existed in parts of the state, county Extension
staff secured sites.

"We don't expect rust till the flowering stage, which would be early July," said
Pedersen.

The plots contain early-maturing varieties that will reach susceptible stage
more quickly than surrounding fields. Some of the first plots in Southern
Illinois were planted in late March.

Pedersen said sentinel plots scattered throughout Southern Illinois will serve
as the early warning system for Central Illinois. Plots will be monitored
weekly. If rust gets detected closer to Illinois, monitoring will occur twice a
week or even daily.

Plot establishment and monitoring, costing $80,000, will be paid for by the
Illinois Department of Agriculture, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Illinois
Soybean Checkoff Board, United Soybean Board, North Central Soybean Research
Program and seed industry.

Scouting reports appear at www.sbrusa.net, USDA's Web site for scouting and rust
confirmation. Illinois launched a rust plan last June. If suspected leaf samples
are confirmed by a federal lab, IDA Director Chuck Hartke will announce the
findings to the public.

Fungicide trials will provide more information about the possible payoffs to
growers who spray a preventive rust application on soybeans beginning to grow
pods through pod set. During the last three seasons, Pedersen has tested the
economic feasibility of spraying Quadris fungicide on soybeans with no presence
of rust.

"We put varieties in the category of workhorse and racehorse. The racehorses
have tremendous yield potential, but get beat up if they get disease. We're
seeing a 4- to 6-bushel yield increase on those varieties. It's actually not a
yield boost, but a prevention of yield loss," said Pedersen.

"If you think of the practice like insurance, you'll still get a return of your
premium costs even though applying the fungicide costs $12 to $18 per acre. If
you have to apply a second spray and rust doesn't occur, you've wasted your
money."

Pedersen expects the fungicide research trials to yield more detailed
information on the practice, which will be shared with farmers by the end of the
year.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Wayne Pederse, Uniaversity of Illinois soybean disease managment
specialist, stood in the soybean field that will be monitored for the spread of
soybean rust. Bob Stahl put up a sign notoing the project was partly funded by
Soybean Checkoff money.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Pantagraph


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                      January 9, 2000 Sunday FINAL EDITION

REST IN PEACE;
AND BROKE

BYLINE: Steve Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 814 words


Mountaintop family home. Stunning views. Professionally landscaped. $265,000.

For prime housing here that might sound pretty reasonable. But there's one hitch
for anybody itching to move in:

You have to be dead.

These four-person burial plots with panoramic views at San Mateo County's
Skylawn Memorial Park are part of Silicon Valley's other real-estate boom, where
cemetery lots in certain preferred areas are appreciating in value as fast as
Eichlers and Victorians.

Like most brick-and-mortar residences, the price of plots is heavily influenced
by location. And when it comes to final resting places, industry analysts say,
few regions in the country are as sought after or as expensive as this one.

"It's demand, like anything else," said John Milne, director of family services
at San Jose's Oak Hill Memorial Park. "You can buy a cemetery lot in Iowa for
$100. Here, the average price is about $3,400."

Although a federal General Accounting Office study found cemetery lots
nationally ranged from $150 to $1,900 in 1997, government officials and industry
groups said they usually don't track such costs.

That makes it difficult to determine precisely how much cemetery rates have
risen. Nonetheless, those familiar with the business including some local
cemetery lot brokers say they've seen big price hikes in recent years.

Karel van Haeften, part owner of Cemetery Property Resales in San Mateo,
provided the Mercury News with a list of 21 cemetery plots that he brokered in
1999 whose value had increased considerably faster than the consumer price
index.

One plot originally priced at $1,250 in 1987 at San Jose's Oak Hill Memorial
Park was valued recently at $3,720. Another at Chapel of the Chimes in Hayward,
which sold for $2,500 in 1987, was now worth $12,095. By contrast, the average
price of goods tracked by the government's consumer price index have roughly
doubled since 1980.

Why prices remain relatively flat for some plots and soar out of sight for
others is largely a function of personal preference, according to those who
monitor the industry.

As with housing for the living, they say, cemetery plots on a hill with an
unobstructed view of the mountains or other attractive scenery tend to be
pricier than those on flat land with a view of, say, a factory or a commercial
strip mall. Many people also like plots located close to one of the cemetery's
paved roads or walkways so that visitors won't have to tread on other graves to
reach them.

Van Haeften has had cases where a spouse has insisted on being buried to the
right of their husband or wife, because that's how they slept together.
Similarly, he said, many people prefer to be buried near others of the same
ethnicity, which has given rise to so-called ethnic gardens.

"Skylawn is the master of ethnic marketing," said van Haeften, who used to work
there and who toured the cemetery atop the Santa Cruz Mountains with a reporter
and photographer. Approaching its highest spot, which overlooks the ocean and
Crystal Springs Reservoir, he pointed out an ethnic garden called Bai Ling Yuan
II, aimed at Chinese families.

Some of the plots low on the hill were selling for about $7,500. But the higher
van Haeften went, the more the price rose. Built into a plaza at the very top
four years ago were 20 family plots each big enough for four people which were
going for $265,000, or $66,250 per body.

"I think Skylawn is the most expensive park" in the Bay Area, acknowledged the
cemetery's general manager, Margo Scolari. But given its view and the cost of
burying people on such a steep slope, she doesn't believe the price is
unreasonable.

"People are willing to pay for the value that they receive," she said, noting
that three of the $265,000 plaza plots have been sold so far.

"That's one of the reasons that we haven't been terribly concerned about our
competition and maybe their prices being a little lower."

If somebody wants to spend a bundle for a plot, that's their business, added Bob
Fells, general counsel for the International Cemetery and Funeral Association.
"There are a lot of personal religious considerations that go into it," he said,
"and no one has ever been able to tell a consumer what they should do."

Still, consumer advocates fear that people often are hindered in their ability
to comparison shop. Many put off even thinking about cemetery prices until a
loved one dies. Then, these sources say, they typically are so rushed and
distraught that they lack the time or inclination to look for the best deal.

One way around having to pay high cemetery costs, of course, is to have the
loved one cremated. That option is becoming more popular. Nevertheless, three
out of every four deaths nationally result in a burial, according to the
Cremation Association of North America.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: San Jose Mercury News

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 26, 1993, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

THE CLERIC'S INDICTMENT;
Reno Sees Growing Evidence and Makes Call

BYLINE: By DAVID JOHNSTON,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 4; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1042 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 25


Two months after she turned down recommendations to charge Sheik Omar Abdel
Rahman as a terrorist, Attorney General Janet Reno reversed herself and approved
an indictment based on a broad approach to the case.

The indictment charges the sheik not with a direct role in any specific
terrorist act, but with complicity in a conspiracy beginning with the shooting
death of Rabbi Meir Kahane in 1989 and continuing through the World Trade Center
bombing in February and the bombing and assassination plot uncovered in June.

Ms. Reno was described today by some officials as always willing to sign off on
charges against the sheik, but reluctant to accuse him of a crime without
powerful proof of guilt. That task was made simpler by the broad nature of the
indictment, and bolstered by both an accumulating body of evidence and a harsher
interpretation of information long available to the authorities.

The evidence came in the form of an informer's tape recording of the sheik's
conversations with his followers, elliptical discussions in which he emerged as
a charismatic luminary around whom the accused plotters orbited in a secret
brotherhood of terror bound by religion, friendship and family connections.

Seeking Strategic Advantage

The decision to charge the sheik also seemed to reflect an increasingly close
association between two of the most powerful women in Federal law enforcement,
the Attorney General and Mary Jo White, the United States Attorney in Manhattan,
who has pressed the Justice Department for an aggressive prosecution and has
been granted direct access to Ms. Reno on the case.

By charging Mr. Abdel Rahman with conspiracy, prosecutors reached for strategic
advantage, using the broad latitude such a case affords them to introduce
evidence that might be impermissible in other cases. They can use the conspiracy
charge to attempt to tie Mr. Rahman to the other defendants who appear far more
directly involved by showing that he talked with them about illegal acts.

But charging Mr. Rahman with conspiracy is also a gamble since defense lawyers
can argue that prosecutors failed to obtain specific evidence demonstrating that
he was anything more than a zealous religious leader whose followers included
the other defendants.

The decision to indict him was made on Monday in a closed-door meeting of the
Justice Department's top brass. But for months, some investigators on the joint
terrorism task force were convinced that the sheik was an integral link in the
network of Muslim radicals who the authorities say bombed the World Trade Center
and plotted bombings, assassinations and other terrorist acts across New York
City.

'Instruction' on Terrorism

They interpreted his vaguely worded religious messages to his followers as
conspirators' talk, or as the indictment put it today, "instruction regarding
whether certain acts of terrorism were permissible."

In June, when the joint team of local, state and Federal prosecutors included
Mr. Abdel Rahman on a list of people to be charged with planning a series of
assassinations and bombings at public buildings, bridges and tunnels, officials
at F.B.I. headquarters and the Justice Department balked at accusing him of
crime.

They convinced Ms. Reno to hold off arresting the sheik, worrying that the
cleric's words might be ambiguous enough to create doubt in the minds of a jury
about whether he actively directed the plotters or could be perceived as a
passive religious figure dispensing spiritual advice.

At the time, Ms. Reno's decision was also affected by outside tactical
considerations, including what the authorities said was Mr. Abdel Rahman's
usefulness as a kind of window into the dimly understood recesses of Islamic
extremism.

A Close Call

But over time, the prosecutors' view of what at first seemed to be obscure
language seemed to harden into a conclusion that he had played a role as a guide
and protector who also mediated arguments among the members of the group and
tried to shield his followers from infiltration by law enforcement.

Justice Department officials said privately that the decision against arresting
the sheik had been a close call, one subject to change at any time.
Nevertheless, Ms. Reno and Ms. White ran into heavy criticism defending the
decision not to arrest the cleric, who had inspired his followers in Egypt to
violence and who seemed to symbolically tie together the events swirling around
the case.

In part, the assertion that Mr. Abdel Rahman functioned as an unwitting
intelligence-gathering asset seemed implausible since by then it had been
disclosed that the Government had penetrated the sheik's inner circle using Emad
Salem, his part-time translator and bodyguard. Mr. Salem gave the F.B.I. many
hours of taped conversations.

Today's indictment said that in May Mr. Abdel Rahman discussed the bombing of
the United Nations with "a person known to the grand jury," an apparent
reference to Mr. Salem. The indictment said the sheik told the informer that
bombing the United Nations "would not be impermissible but it should not be done
at this time." It said Mr. Abdel Rahman advised the informer to "look for a plan
to bomb the United States military" and instructed the informer to move
cautiously with a plan to bomb the Federal office building in Lower Manhattan.

Political figures like Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato, a New York Republican, who
the authorities said was a target for assassination expressed outrage over the
failure to arrest the sheik. Ms. Reno visited him at his Senate office to
mollify him, a meeting that provided Mr. D'Amato with another stage to express
mystification at the inaction.

A week later, Ms. Reno seemed to react to pressure to take some action against
the sheik. On July 2, acting on Ms. White's urging, the Attorney General
approved the sheik's detention on the grounds that he represented a flight risk
from a deportation proceeding then pending against him by immigration officials.

Since then, Mr. Abdel Rahman has been held in a Federal prison, appealing the
deportation order against him with his legal situation further clouded by
Egypt's request to extradite him to Cairo. The United States has yet to respond
to the request.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "THE INDICTMENT: Assembling the Case"

THE CENTER

Charged with conspiracy in the plot to bomb the World Trade Center and the
foiled plots to bomb the United Nations headquarters, the Holland and Lincoln
Tunnels and other sites, and with conspiracy to murder Hosni Mubarak, the
president of Egypt.

From the indictment: Mr. Abdel Rahman "was a leader of the organiztion, with hom
others consoluted in purusing and planning bombings, murders and other acts of
terrorism."

PLANNING AND CARRYING OUT THE PLOTS

Mr. Nosair, Mr. Elgabrowny and Mr. Siddig Ali were charged in the bombing
conspiracy. Beginning in January 1990, the indictment said, they and others met
several times and discussed the construction of paramilitary training camps, the
construction of bombs, and later, Mr. Nosair's escape from Attica State Prison.
Mohammed Abouhalima and Abdo Mohammed Haggag (neither is pictured here) were
charged with conspiring to murder President Mubarak.

From the indictment: They were "members of the organization who planned and
executed acts of terrorism, including, among other things, bombings and murder,
and recruited others for those purposes."

OBTAINING THE WEAPONRY

Mr. Hampton-El, Mr. Alvarez and Mr. Gant were charged with attempted bombing in
the alleged plots to blow up the United Nations, the Hudson River tunnels and
other sites.

From the indictment: They "prompted and facilitated the organization's acts of
terrorism by . . . supplying technical expertise, firearms, munitions,
explosives and other materials.

BUILDING THE BOMBS

Charged with attempted bombing in the alleged plots to blow up the United
Nations and other sites.

From the indictment: Amir Abdelgani, Mr. Khallafalla, Mr. El-Hassan and Fadil
Abdelgani assisted "in the construction of car bombs." Mohammed Saleh helped by
"agreeing to provide money, and providing fuel oil, to be used in connection
with the construction and planned detonation of car bombs." Matarawy Mohammed
Said Saleh, not pictured, aided the alleged plot by "agreeing to provide
automobiles to be used in connection with the planned detonation of car bombs."

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Department of Agriculture, Issues Solicitation for "HELENA
NATIONAL FOREST: 2013 Forest Inventory Analysis (FIA) Grid Intensification Plot
Re-measurement"

LENGTH: 622  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Department of Agriculture, Forest Service Officer has issued requirement for
"HELENA NATIONAL FOREST: 2013 Forest Inventory Analysis (FIA) Grid
Intensification Plot Re-measurement"

Solicitation no:  AG-03H6-S-13-0012       Posted on:  Jul 22, 2013

Notice Type:  Presolicitation

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 115310

Description:Project Title: Helena National Forest - 2013 Forest Inventory
Analysis (FIA) Grid Intensification Plot Re-measurement

Description of Work: This requirement is comprised of FIA grid intensification
plot re-measurement on the Helena and Lincoln Ranger Districts of the Helena
National Forest. The successful party will conduct statistically sound
vegetation sampling by full re-measurement of previously installed FIA grid
intensification plots with which management determinations will be made. It
includes photographing plots, collecting tree, vegetation composition, ground
surface cover, and downed woody material data according to 'Region 1 Grid
Intensification Using CSE Protocols Field Procedures' (v1.3). The plots are on a
grid of approximately 1 for every 1,250 acres.

The project area may be accessed by Forest roads during the normal operating
season. The Forest Service assumes no obligation to plow snow or do special
maintenance to keep roads open. Individual plots are accessible by some
combination of 2- or 4-wheel drive vehicle, horse, or foot travel. Some roads or
trails may have been closed after the project maps were published. Maps of the
sample locations are available from the Contracting Officer's Representative so
that estimated walk-in distance can be calculated.

The Contractor shall furnish all labor, equipment, supervision, transportation,
supplies (except those designated as Government-Furnished), and incidentals to
perform all work necessary on the areas specified. All aspects of the work
program shall be performed in an organized, systematic manner to assure services
will be performed over the entire unit.

Location: Helena National Forest, Helena and Lincoln Ranger Districts. The
project area includes the non-wilderness portion of the Blackfoot River drainage
on the Lincoln Ranger District and the Northern portion of the Continental
Divide area of the Helena Ranger District.

Interested parties shall take reasonable steps to ascertain the nature and
location of the project area and the work to be completed, as well as the
general and local site conditions which can affect the work and cost of
performance. Failure to take the actions described in this paragraph will not
relieve the Contractor from the responsibility of properly estimating the
difficulty and cost to successfully perform the work, or from successful
completion of the work without additional expense to the Government.

Additional Information: No pre-bid tour will be conducted. Interested parties
with technical questions may contact Darwin Abbott, Helena National Forest,
406-495-3964.

Price Range: Between $25,000 and $100,000. A Firm-Fixed Price contract is
expected to result from this solicitation.

The solicitation will be available on approximately 6 August 2013, and can be
downloaded from this website at that time.

The solicitation will be available on approximately 6 August 2013 and can be
downloaded from this website at that time.

Set Aside: Total Small Business

Deadline for All responses: Aug 20, 2013

Point of Contact(s): Alane M Fitzpatrick,
Contracting Officer
afitzpatrick@fs.fed.us
Phone: 406-587-6920
Fax: 406-587-6848

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=form&id=f60b99f184246e9b5c7849fd8f4
68ccb&tab=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other
content needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                        July 8, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Shri Raam Group Launches SRG Plot

BYLINE: Shriraam Group

LENGTH: 365  words


Houston, TX,  July 08, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Shri Raam Group, a leading name in the
world of real estate, investment and finance have announced the launch of their
latest project - SRG Plot. Today, when Delhi, Gurgaon and Faridabad are getting
over crowded, one looks for opportunities to stay in places that are well
connected with the three hubs while offering a serene and green paradise. The
site for these freehold SRG plots is located in the prime Gawal Pahari area on
the Gurgaon-Faridabad Road.

The only thing that a prospective buyer looks for while buying property anywhere
are the suitability of the location and in the case of SRG plots it is a win-win
situation. This is because the area in which this property is located offers the
basic amenities and connectivity. It is about 15 minutes driving distance from
Delhi Chattarpur CDR Chowk. This makes the site well connected with the three
main cities in the vicinity that are Delhi, Gurgaon and Faridabad. SRG plot is
well connected with public transport like bus and metro. Another landmark in the
area is Krrish Provence from which the site is just about 500m. It is 1km away
from a well-known 5-star hotel. It also has the advantage of being 1.5 km away
from ASF SEZ in which well-known corporate groups like IBM, TCS and Ericson are
located. With more than 15000 employees working in 3 shifts in these companies,
the rent offers for the property do go up. There is also a local market at
walking distance that caters to all sorts of requirements.

On offer is the standard 100 sq. yard residential plot. It is ideal for a family
to occupy for their own living or for giving renting out. The family owned plot
can be bought by an individual through resale transaction. There is a 16 feet
wide road around the plot while the front has a 22 feet wide road and this makes
both pedestrian and vehicular access to the plot easy.

The plot which falls under the Sohna Gurgaon land authority can be possessed in
36 months as per the promise made by Shri Raam Group. The cost of the plot is
fixed at Rs. 22000 per sq. yard. Shri Raam Group also offers finance options at
75%. The re-payment is calculated on the basis of a daily or monthly plan.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                             July 8, 2006 Saturday
                                 FIRST Edition

WORLD BRIEFS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 460  words


Terror plot revealed

WASHINGTON -- A plot to bomb New York's Holland Tunnel in a bid to flood the
Wall Street financial district has reportedly been uncovered by the FBI and a
suspect has been arrested in Lebanon.

New York's Daily News, quoting unidentified counter-terrorism sources, said the
investigation involved what officials considered a serious plot to detonate
enough explosives inside the landmark tunnel to destroy it and send devastating
floodwaters through lower Manhattan.

The 79-year-old tunnel runs under the Hudson River between New Jersey and
Manhattan and carried almost 34 million vehicles last year.

Lebanon's government was reportedly asked to delay announcing its arrest of a
suspect while other conspirators were sought.


Saw rampage in subway

NEW YORK -- A man wielding a cordless power saw in each hand rampaged through a
Manhattan subway station early yesterday, carving into the chest of a postal
worker who said it felt like ''he was trying to cut through me''.

The victim, Michael Steinberg, 64, who was in a stable condition, said the
attack was unprovoked.

''I think he was out of his mind,'' he said.

''I screamed for help -- 'Please help! Please help me!' '' But he said nearby
transit workers, whose saws the man had grabbed, just kept working.

Police were questioning a 33-year-old man.


Royals die in crash

SAN FRANCISCO -- Two members of Tonga's royal family were killed when a teenager
allegedly racing her Mustang at up to 161km/h crashed into their vehicle,
authorities say.

The Matangi Tonga website in the South Pacific kingdom identified the royals as
Prince Tu'ipelehake and his wife, Princess Kaimana. Also killed was their
driver, identified as Vinisia Hefa.

Tu'ipelehake, a nephew of 88-year-old King Taufa'ahau Tupou IV, was the leading
reformist in the royal family. He had been in California to consult about reform
with Tongan communities overseas.


Tobacco ruling upheld

MIAMI -- The Florida Supreme Court yesterday upheld a lower court decision to
throw out a $US145 billion ($A195.83 billion) punitive damage award against the
major tobacco companies.

The high court ruled that the punitive damage award was ''clearly excessive''
and would ''result in an unlawful crippling of the defendant companies''.


Twins separated

SHANGHAI -- Doctors in Shanghai have successfully separated 10-month-old siamese
twin girls, though their condition remained precarious a hospital official said
yesterday. Hu Jingxuan and Chen Jingni shared a liver, spleen, gall bladder and
digestive tract before the surgery, which lasted 13 hours.


Bull-runner paralysed

MADRID -- A New York man, 31, was paralysed below the waist while dodging young
bulls among a crowd of revellers at Spain's San Fermin Festival in Pamplona
yesterday, festival organisers said.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 11, 2006 Monday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Tales Of The See-No-Evil Left

SECTION: ISSUES & INSIGHTS; EDITORIALS; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 782 words


War On Terror: Declassified details of plots pried from high-value al-Qaida
detainees should put to rest the left's silly notion that President Bush has
been hyping the threat for political gain.

Detainees have confirmed that al-Qaida continues to work on operations against
the U.S., a fact underscored most recently by the foiled airline plot in London.
But don't tell that to war critics such as John Mueller, a political science
professor at Ohio State University.

He argues in the latest issue of "Foreign Affairs" that the threat from Islamic
terrorists "has been massively exaggerated" and that Bush has juiced the war to
grab more power in the form of "massive eavesdropping and detention programs . .
. that have led nowhere."

The professor is massively wrong. The programs have yielded clues that have
saved American lives.

Besides the London operation, the U.S. and its partners have disrupted several
serious plots since 9-11, including al-Qaida plots to attack inside the U.S. --
namely, ones targeting the West Coast, the Brooklyn Bridge and financial
buildings on the East Coast.

More "huffing and puffing," Mueller harrumphs. Actual attacks have been sparse
since 9-11, he says, noting that al-Qaida hasn't struck America in five years.
Thus his facile conclusion: "There are no terrorists in the United States, and
few have the means or the inclination to strike from abroad."

So let's bring home the troops, reassign FBI agents to bank robberies and stop
fingerprinting and registering all those poor Arab and Muslim immigrants, he
suggests. The war, if it can even be called that, is over.

Of course, the scholar's conclusion is not only demonstrably false -- evidenced
just by the number of homegrown terror plots uncovered in recent months, from
Los Angeles to Miami -- but also dangerously cavalier. Yet it's an attitude
gaining traction among Democrats, along with their friends in academia and the
media.

If put into policy, it could get people killed. It's foolishly complacent to
assume there's no internal or external threat of terrorist attack here just
because we haven't been attacked in five years.

Patience is one of al-Qaida's hallmarks. Five years is nothing in its scheme of
things. It took it eight years to finish off the World Trade Center.

And it's not only in Iraq and Pakistan, but also right here, living among us. We
have to get to it before it gets to us.

U.S. intelligence estimates that as many as 5,000 al-Qaida terrorists and
supporters are in the U.S. Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the 9-11 mastermind in
custody, won't give up any of their whereabouts. Authorities recovered from his
possessions a notebook containing U.S. ZIP codes. He claims he was planning to
use them to open new e-mail accounts. Uh-huh. The CIA suspects he's protecting
operatives secreted inside America.

In 2003 and 2004, an operative was tasked by al-Qaida to case important
government and tourist targets here. Also in 2003, al-Qaida sent a cell here by
way of North Africa to gas the New York subway. The FBI is still looking for the
team of men.

Detainees have told investigators that al-Qaida leaders plan to use new cells of
second-generation immigrant Muslims who have lived in the U.S. and can blend in
and not attract as much suspicion. They're being held in reserve for larger
attacks.

One such Americanized operative, Adnan El-Shukrijumah, has reportedly been
scouting potential targets in New York, Washington and Chicago. He's on the
FBI's most wanted list.

Yet Mueller maintains Islamists aren't interested in attacking us. He says the
administration is guilty of alarmism and sees "terrorists under the bed."

Those on the left see no evil at all. To them al-Qaida is a phantom. Tell that
to the families of the victims of 9-11 or 3-11 or 7-7.

"Although it remains heretical to say so, the evidence so far suggests that fear
of the omnipotent terrorists -- reminiscent of those inspired by images of the
20-foot-tall Japanese after Pearl Harbor or the 20-foot-tall communists at
various points in the Cold War -- may have been overblown, the threat presented
within the United States by al-Qaida greatly exaggerated," Mueller lectures.

"The massive and expensive homeland security apparatus erected after 9-11 may be
persecuting some, spying on many, inconveniencing most and taxing all to defend
the United States against an enemy that scarcely exists."

Good thing Mueller isn't directing that effort. Fact is, we beat the Nazis, the
kamikazes and the commies precisely because we took the threat so seriously. The
new Neville Chamberlains on the left should stick to their political knitting
and leave the terror-fighting to the freedom warriors who understand what it
takes to win.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 21, 2002, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Moussaoui's link to 9/11 in doubt

BYLINE: Toni Locy and Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 1580 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- U.S. investigators are not convinced they have enough evidence
linking terrorism suspect Zacarias Moussaoui to the Sept. 11 plot, despite an
al-Qaeda operative's claim that Moussaoui met the mastermind of the attacks,
government sources said Wednesday.

Since his capture in September in Pakistan, key al-Qaeda operative Ramzi Bin
al-Shibh has connected Moussaoui, the only person charged in the USA in the
Sept. 11 conspiracy, to Khalid Shaikh Mohammed, the senior al-Qaeda planner
behind the attacks on New York and Washington. Bin al-Shibh, 30, a Yemeni who
was a roommate in Germany of lead hijacker Mohamed Atta, has told interrogators
that Moussaoui met with Mohammed in the winter of 2000-01, the sources said.

Bin al-Shibh's account, first reported by The Washington Post, indicated that he
and Mohammed gave Moussaoui money and names of contacts in the USA. But sources
told USA TODAY on Wednesday that the money was intended for use in other
terrorist activities, not the Sept. 11 plot.


The nature of those plots remains unclear, but Bin al-Shibh's statements do
appear to shed light on Moussaoui's relationship to al-Qaeda. Moussaoui, 34, a
French citizen who attended a radical London mosque linked to al-Qaeda, was
arrested in Minnesota on immigration charges less than a month before the Sept.
11 attacks. At the time, he was taking flight courses similar to those that
several hijackers took and had raised suspicion by asking odd questions about
flying.

Moussaoui is charged in the Sept. 11 conspiracy and could face the death penalty
if convicted.

Since the attacks on New York and Washington, investigators have been trying to
determine why Moussaoui came to the USA. Worried that they lack concrete
evidence of a link between Moussaoui and the Sept. 11 plot, FBI agents have
considered the possibility that he was sent here to carry out a separate attack.


Bin al-Shibh has told interrogators that he and Mohammed considered Moussaoui
too volatile and untrustworthy to be involved in the Sept. 11 attacks. Bin
al-Shibh said they decided to use Moussaoui in the plot only as a last resort.

The government sources told USA TODAY that it is unclear what Moussaoui
discussed with Mohammed. As a senior planner on al-Qaeda's military committee,
Mohammed has been involved in a range of terrorist plots. Sources said
investigators do not believe that Moussaoui had specific knowledge of the Sept.
11 plan.

The disclosures about Bin al-Shibh's interrogation emerged amid a furious tug of
war between the Defense and Justice departments over whether Moussaoui's case
should be moved from civilian court to a military tribunal. Military and CIA
officials worry that if Moussaoui remains in civilian court, his attorneys might
be allowed to question Bin al-Shibh about the U.S. government's interrogation
methods.

In July, Moussaoui acknowledged in federal court that he is a member of
al-Qaeda. But he insisted he was not part of the Sept. 11 plot and said he
wanted to tell the American people why he came here. That seemed to suggest he
was on another mission of terrorism, particularly when viewed in light of the
hatred he has professed for the United States in court filings.

For federal prosecutors, linking Moussaoui to the Sept. 11 plot is key to
obtaining a death sentence. U.S. District Judge Leonie Brinkema has signaled
that she believes such a link is crucial.

Sources close to Moussaoui's court-appointed lawyers say Bin al-Shibh's
statements play into their defense: that Moussaoui was too conspicuous to have
been included in such a highly disciplined hijacking plot.

Defense Department officials have argued that transferring Moussaoui's case to a
tribunal would eliminate any rights he has in civilian court to question Bin
al-Shibh before trial. For Justice officials, letting go of the case would
amount to an embarrassing admission that their evidence is weak.

Legal analysts said it is too late to move Moussaoui's case because he has been
afforded rights in civilian courts for nearly a year. They said moving a
troublesome case to a tribunal also would damage the credibility the White House
has sought to build for the military justice system. Other analysts said the
Justice Department has to live with its decision to indict Moussaoui last year
without first discussing it with the Defense Department.

Washington lawyer Preston Burton, a former federal prosecutor, said moving the
case to a military tribunal probably would upset U.S. allies. "From a global
perspective and in future matters, I think it would be a public relations and
diplomacy disaster," he said.

Attorney General John Ashcroft said Wednesday that U.S. prosecutors are
"preparing for trial. He (Moussaoui) will be afforded all the rights provided in
a court of law."

Under federal death penalty law, the defense is entitled to interview government
witnesses before trial. But Bin al-Shibh could refuse to cooperate. That could
lead to a messy legal fight over whether the refusal is voluntary or the result
of government pressure.

Sources said Justice lawyers would have to weigh whether to call Bin al-Shibh as
a witness. If they did, they would be bringing a high-ranking terrorist into a
civilian courtroom, creating significant security concerns.

Perhaps of more concern to U.S. intelligence officials is that defense attorneys
would be able to ask Bin al-Shibh whether he had been tortured, where he was
being held, who was questioning him and what else he had revealed to his
interrogators.

Sources familiar with the Defense Department's position say officials there are
confident that they will get the Moussaoui case, eventually. They say the
complex issues raised by Bin al-Shibh's cooperation bolster that view. Defense
officials "may have lost the battle internally for now," a source said. "But
they're still in there swinging."

***

Contributing: John Diamond



Important dates for Moussaoui case

Key dates involving Zacarias Moussaoui, the only person charged in the USA in
the Sept. 11 plot, and Ramzi Bin al-Shibh, an al-Qaeda operative who played a
key role in the plot from Europe and was arrested two months ago in Pakistan:

December 1999: Some intelligence officials say Bin al-Shibh, an organizer of the
Hamburg, Germany, terror cell behind the Sept. 11 attacks, attended an al-Qaeda
meeting in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The meeting included planning for the Sept.
11 attacks and the bombing of the USS Cole in October 2000.

* May-October 2000: From Germany, Bin al-Shibh, a Yemeni, applies four times for
a visa to enter the USA and is denied each time. At least three times, he wires
money to members of the Sept. 11 hijack team who are already in the USA.

* September 2000: Moussaoui goes to Kuala Lumpur and receives a reference letter
and an e-mail account from a radical Muslim businessman who hosted the December
meeting.

* October 2000: Moussaoui returns to London and begins to e-mail U.S. flight
schools, requesting information about pilot training. His e-mail moniker is
"zulumantangotango."

* December 2000: Moussaoui goes to Pakistan. U.S. government sources say he met
with Khalid Shaikh Mohammed, a high-ranking al-Qaeda figure believed to have
masterminded the Sept. 11 plot. U.S. investigators believe Mohammed cut the
throat of Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl, who was kidnapped in
Pakistan in January 2002 and then killed.

* February 2001: Back in London, Moussaoui obtains new French passport free of
Asian travel stamps. He later flies to Chicago and then travels to Oklahoma City
to begin flight training. Three months later, he washes out of flight school.

* July 2001: Bin al-Shibh attends what is believed to have been a meeting of
Sept. 11 hijackers in Spain. He returns to Germany and uses the name Ahad Sabat
to receive two wire transfers totaling $ 15,000 from United Arab Emirates. A few
days later, again using the name Sabat, he wires $ 14,000 to Moussaoui in
Oklahoma from train stations in Dusseldorf and Hamburg.

* August 2001: Moussaoui enrolls in a flight school near Minneapolis. He's
arrested there on immigration charges after his behavior, including a demand to
learn to fly a jumbo jet, raises suspicion.

* Sept. 5, 2001: Bin al-Shibh travels from Dusseldorf to Madrid and drops out of
sight.

* December 2001: In a six-count indictment, Moussaoui is accused of being part
of the al-Qaeda conspiracy that carried out the Sept. 11 attacks. Four charges
carry death penalty.

* Jan. 17, 2002: U.S. issues terror alert after a video made by Bin al-Shibh and
others who warn of future attacks against the West is found in rubble of the
home of al-Qaeda military chief Mohammed Atef in Afghanistan. The home was
bombed by U.S.-led forces.

* June 2002: In an interview with Arab TV, Bin al-Shibh praises hijackers.

* July 18, 2002: In U.S. court, Moussaoui says he is a member of al-Qaeda but
was not involved in the Sept. 11 plot.

* Sept. 11, 2002: Bin al-Shibh is captured in Pakistan. He now is being
interrogated at an undisclosed location. Shortly after his arrest, Moussaoui and
his court-appointed lawyers asked to interview Bin al-Shibh; Moussaoui claims
the Yemeni could confirm that Moussaoui was not part of the Sept. 11 plot.

Reported by Toni Locy and Richard Willing, USA TODAY

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, William Hennessy, AP; PHOTOS, B/W, FBI (2); In court: An
artist's rendering shows Zacarias Moussaoui speaking to U.S. District Judge
Leonie Brinkema in June at the Federal Courthouse in Alexandria, Va. Moussaoui
is the only person in the USA charged in the Sept. 11 conspiracy.

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                              July 9, 2010 Friday

terror suspects

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 749 words


US accuses al-Qaeda leaders of NY bomb plot

Charges reveal plan conceived and directed from Pakistan

Agence France-Presse

New York

US prosecutors indicted top al-Qaeda leaders yesterday for an alleged attempt to
bomb New York's subway, saying their failed plot was part of a Pakistan-based
campaign against US and British cities.

The indictment dramatically broadened the case in which Afghan immigrant and
Colorado resident Najibullah Zazi pleaded guilty earlier this year to conspiring
to set off explosions in the metro system.

"The charges reveal that the plot was directed by senior al-Qaeda leadership in
Pakistan and was also directly related to a scheme by al-Qaeda plotters in
Pakistan to use Western operatives to attack a target in the United Kingdom,"
the Department of Justice said in a statement.

At a time of rising "homegrown" terrorism incidents, the indictments underlined
the US view that ruthless foreign-based al-Qaeda groups, rather than a rag-tag
and amateurish collection of US residents, are the main threat.

The indictment unsealed in a New York federal court charged five people and made
clear that Zazi was not only inspired, but also directed by Pakistan-based
al-Qaeda groups.

Most prominent among the accused is Saudi-born Adnan El Shukrijumah, charged
with being one of three "leaders of al-Qaeda's 'external operations' programme
dedicated to terrorist attacks in the United States and other Western
countries."

The justice department claims that all three of those leaders "organised" the
Zazi plot, even if only El Shukrijumah is charged.

Also charged is a man identified only as Ahmad, who allegedly was the
"facilitator" keeping in touch with Zazi, a former Denver Airport shuttle
driver, by e-mail.

El Shukrijumah is accused of recruiting Zazi and two other men - one who has
pleaded guilty and one who is in US custody but has not yet been tried - between
September and December in 2008.

They were to "conduct suicide bombings in New York City using improvised
explosive devices made from supplies such as hydrogen peroxide, acetone, flour
and oil."

Ahmad then oversaw the preparations, the indictment alleges.

In a chilling final email just before leaving on his failed mission to New York
from Colorado, Zazi allegedly wrote to Ahmad, using code, that his deadly plot
was primed.

"The marriage is ready," he allegedly wrote.

All the men charged in the indictment face life in prison if found guilty.
However, El Shukrijumah remains at large, according to the justice department,
with a 5 million (Bt162 million) reward on his head, while Ahmad's status was
not immediately clear.

Further broadening the allegations, the indictment links Ahmad to an alleged
bombing plot in Britain.

Ahmad was similarly communicating by e-mail on behalf of the al-Qaeda leadership
with Abid Naseer and Tariq Ur Rehman, two men detained in Britain in 2009 on
suspicion of planning a bomb plot in the northeastern city of Manchester.

In their communications they also used the same code, the justice department
says, referring to a "large 'wedding' for numerous guests between April 15 and
20, 2009, and that 'Ahmad' should be ready".

Both Naseer, who was arrested Wednesday by British police following a US
extradition request, and Rehman, who is not in custody, are named in the
indictment.

The fifth man named is Adis Medunjanin, an associate of Zazi who is awaiting
trial in New York.

The new charges "underscore the global nature of the terrorist threat we face,"
said prosecutor David Kris.

"They further reflect the effectiveness of mutual investigations and cooperation
with our global partners in disrupting terrorism threats," added Kris, assistant
attorney-general for national security at the Department of Justice.

Last month a Pakistani-American, Faisal Shahzad, pleaded guilty in a New York
federal court to attempting to set off a car bomb in the city's teeming Times
Square.

He said he was acting in vengeance for US military assaults in Afghanistan and
Iraq.

Zazi also said he was to "sacrifice" himself "to draw the attention to what he
said were US crimes in Afghanistan."

He pleaded guilty in February to three charges of conspiracy to use weapons of
mass destruction, conspiracy to commit murder in a foreign country and providing
material support to the al-Qaeda Islamist network.

He told the federal court in Brooklyn that his plans to blow up New York targets
just after the eighth anniversary of the 9/11 attacks included "mortal
operations" in the underground train system.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Nation Multimedia Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                Laser Plot Inc.

                                  48 Sword St.
                               Auburn,  MA 01501
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (508) 757-2831
URL: www.laserplot.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Laser Plot is the leading developer and manufacturer of marine electronic
chartplotters, applications software and nautical electronic chart databases for
recreational, fishing, government and commercial vessels worldwide.  Laser Plot
Inc. was founded as a private company in 1983 to conduct R & D to improve marine
navigation through using low cost computer technology. Laser Plot introduced
it's ChartNav systems and Sea-D electronic chart database products in 1986.
Laser Plot has received international recognition as a pioneer in electronic
nautical charting and marine information systems technology, including the
National Marine Electronics Association (NMEA) award for the best electronic
chart plotter in 1991, 1992 and 1995.  Laser Plot is the pioneer and leader in
raster electronic chart technology for over 10 years. Dr. Richard Gregory-Allen,
the lead software engineer at Laser Plot, noted "ChartNav electronic chart
systems now have the capability to use raster and vector chart databases from
the USA, Britain and Canada in addition to Laser Plot's own award-winning
SEA-Ds, with raster and vector navigation and bathymetric charts." The robust,
high performance and inexpensive ChartNav systems are now installed in over 2000
vessels. The first vessels to be upgraded to ARCS will be the U.K. Royal
National Lifeboat Institution who have over 50 ChartNav systems installed in
their high-tech lifeboats. The ability to use several governments' electronic
chart products on one

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   amNewYork

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 12, 2012 Wednesday

BRIEF: Two under arrest for plot to castrate Justin Bieber: Report

BYLINE: Ivan Pereira, amNewYork, New York

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 176 words


Dec. 12--Investigators foiled a disturbing plot that called for Justin Bieber's
murder at Madison Square Garden.

Albuquerque, N.M., officers revealed Wednesday that two would-be hit men from
their area tried to kill and castrate the 18-year-old sensation before his
performances last month in New York, according to a local TV station, KRQE-TV.

Officers picked up Mark Staake, 41, and his nephew Tanner Ruane, 23, at the
Vermont-Canadian border Tuesday, weeks after they aborted the plan they
concocted with Dana Martin, a murder convict and Bieber fan.

Martin is so obsessed with the singer that he has a tattoo of the him on his leg
and came up with detailed instructions on how to kill Bieber.

However, cops recorded a conversation between Martin and the duo about the plot
and Martin ultimately turned his accomplices in.

He also ordered the uncle and nephew to kill two other people, the TV station
reported.

Bieber's representatives couldn't be reached for comment.

___ (c)2012 amNewYork Visit amNewYork at www.amny.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121212-YN-BRF-Two-under-arrest-for-plot
-to-castrate-Justin-Bieber-Report-1212-20121212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YN


                            Copyright 2012 amNewYork


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        May 17, 1997 Saturday 2D EDITION

Calif. man to pay for own lawyer in bomb-plot case, judge rules

BYLINE: By Ginny McKibben, Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-02

LENGTH: 457 words

ARAPAHOE COUNTY - A California man accused of hatching a bomb plot that narrowly
missed killing his stepdaughter failed to convince an Arapahoe County District
judge Friday that he is indigent and too poor to pay for a defense attorney.

Robert Freeman, 55, and his wife, Barbara Freeman, 62, flew in from their Santa
Barbara home to appear in court Friday. Robert Freeman, who paid the $ 500,000
bond to get out of Arapahoe County jail on March 26, claimed he was broke and
asked the court to approve funds to pay for defense attorney Forrest Lewis.

The Freemans each face four charges of attempted murder in a bombing plot aimed
at Barbara Freeman's daughter, Catherine Reynolds, 37. The plot put at risk
Reynolds' teenage son and her boyfriend, Scott Robertson.

Robert Freeman told police he stalked Reynolds after she refused to send his
wife's grandson to California for Christmas. Freeman placed six pipe bombs under
Reynolds car then tried to detonate it while she was in the driver's seat. When
they misfired, Freeman allegedly pumped two bullets into Reynolds' chest.

The Freemans allegedly hatched the bomb plot after Reynolds took their grandson
to Colorado and refused to send him to Santa Barbara for Christmas.

Freeman's financial affidavit shows he is co-owner of a $ 315,000 Santa Barbara
residence and real estate in Washington and Nevada. Freeman listed two
automobiles, a 1990 Mazda Miata and a 1996 Nissan Sentra and $ 1,500 in an IRA
account.

"I am concerned over the financial statement     and the $ 300,000 residence,"
Judge Thomas Levi said in his ruling.

Freeman claims that he owes $ 75,000 in credit card bills, encumbrances on all
of his real estate and loans of $ 25,000 on his automobiles. All of his
household items have liens on them, Freeman said in his sworn affidavit.

But prosecutor John Franks questioned whether the affidavit reflects Freeman's
actual worth. Investigators in California reported earlier this year that a
Maserati and a recreational vehicle are also parked in the couple's driveway.
Shortly after his arrest, Freeman told authorities he was disabled and
unemployed, but Friday he acknowledged he has found a job and works for $ 15 an
hour.

Barbara Freeman, who was released on a $ 250,000 bond in January, has hired
private defense attorney Steve Newell and is not required to provide financial
information. Levy ruled the information produced by Freeman was too vague and
ordered him to reveal his earnings in 1996 and 1997.

The couple travels back and forth from Santa Barbara, Calif. for required court
appearance in the case. A condition of their bonds stipulates the couple cannot
remain in the Denver area more than 24 hours before or after a court hearing.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1997 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 11, 2009 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Notable homegrown terrorism plots

SECTION: FOREIGN; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 541 words

Dec. 7, 2009

David C. Headley is charged in Chicago in a terrorism plot against a Danish
newspaper. The indictment also alleged that he conducted extensive surveillance
of targets in Mumbai for more than two years preceding the November 2008
terrorist attack in the Indian city.

November 2009

Fourteen people are charged in Minnesota with recruiting youths from U.S.
communities to train with or fight on behalf of terrorism groups in Somalia.

Nov. 5, 2009

Maj. Nidal M. Hasan, a U.S. Army psychiatrist of Palestinian descent, kills 13
people on the Fort Hood, Tex., military post and injures dozens. Investigators
continue to examine whether he had links to radical Islamists or al-Qaeda.

Oct. 21, 2009

Tarek Mehanna is arrested in Boston and charged with plotting to bomb shopping
malls and conspiring to kill politicians.

Sept. 23, 2009

Najibullah Zazi, an Afghan-born Colorado resident, is charged with planning a
bombing attack in the United States.

Sept. 24, 2009

Hosam Maher Husein Smadi, a 19-year-old Jordanian man, is arrested in Dallas on
suspicion of attempting to detonate a truck bomb outside a skyscraper in the
city.

July 27, 2009

Daniel P. Boyd, a North Carolina resident, and six others are charged with
conspiring to provide material support to terrorists. Boyd allegedly had spent
time training at terrorist camps in Pakistan and Afghanistan. He was also
charged with conspiring to recruit young American men and help them travel
overseas in order to kill or maim.

June 2007

The FBI disrupts an ideologically inspired terrorism plot to allegedly destroy
fuel supplies and pipelines at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New
York.

May 8, 2007

A plot to bomb the Fort Dix military base in New Jersey is thwarted. Dritan
Duka, Shain Duka, Eljvir Duka, Mohamad Ibrahim Shnewer, Serdar Tatar and Agron
Abdullahu are arrested. On Dec. 22, 2008, they were found guilty of conspiracy
to harm military personnel.

Feb. 13, 2007

Daniel Maldonado, a former Houston resident, is indicted on charges of
conspiring to train with al-Qaeda in Somalia. He is deported from Kenya to the
United States. He was convicted of receiving training from a foreign terrorist
organization and was sentenced to 10 years in prison.

June 23, 2006

Seven men are charged in Miami with plotting to bomb the Sears Tower in Chicago
and a federal building in Miami. The indictment charged that four of the men
sought help from al-Qaeda.  FBI Deputy Director John Pistole called the plot
"more aspirational than operational."

August 2005

Kevin James, an inmate in a California state prison, and three others are
charged with forming a domestic terrorist group that planned to attack U.S.
military installations, "infidels," and Israeli and Jewish facilities in the Los
Angeles area.

May 8, 2002

Jose Padilla is arrested at Chicago O'Hare International Airport on a material
witness warrant. At the time, he was alleged to have been plotting a
radiological "dirty bomb" attack. He was later alleged to have conspired with
al-Qaeda to blow up apartment buildings with natural gas. He was convicted (with
two co-defendants) in January 2008 of "conspiracy to murder, maim or kidnap." He
was sentenced to 17 years in prison.

-- Julie Tate

Sources: News reports and court documents

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE
IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Aljazeera.net

                             May 13, 2009 Wednesday

Five found guilty in US bomb plot

LENGTH: 282 words



A US jury has convicted five men of plotting to blow up the Sears Tower building
in Chicago and other US government buildings in 2006.
The guilty verdicts on Tuesday followed a three month trial and two previous
trials which had ended in hung juries.


The group's leader, Narseal Batiste, was convicted on four counts of conspiracy
and could be jailed for up to 70 years, while the others were convicted on
lesser counts of conspiracy and a sixth man was acquitted.
Federal agents arrested the men, who became known as the Liberty City Six after
the poor Miami neighbourhood where they met, in June 2006 in the city.
It followed a sting operation by the FBI in a case widely hailed by US
authorities at the time as a victory in the then so-called war on terror.
The men's arrests had been announced in Washington at a news conference by
Alberto Gonzalez, the then US attorney-general.
'Aspirational' plot
At the time, the authorities said the plot was "aspirational rather than
operational", and that the men posed no real threat because they had neither
al-Qaeda contacts nor the means of carrying out attacks.
Prosecution lawyers said the men had taken photos of possible targets and
scouted out Miami's FBI headquarters and a courthouse, surveying entry ramps,
surveillance cameras and guardhouses.
According to the prosecution, Batiste suggested an attack on the Sears Tower,
America's tallest skyscraper.
However, the men's defence lawyers said they had been goaded into the plot with
the help of informants who posed as Middle Eastern contacts and said the men had
only gone along with the plot in an attempt to extract money from the
informants.
The men are due to be sentenced on July 27.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 59


                  Copyright 2009 Aljazeera.net - Aljazeera.net
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                              July 2, 2007 Monday

JFK Airport Evacuation Sets City on Edge

BYLINE: SARAH GARLAND -, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 416 words


The evacuation of a section of John F. Kennedy International Airport after the
discovery of a suspicious package set an already jittery New York on edge
yesterday as Britain reacted to two terrorist plots over the weekend.

Security was tight for a second day at city airports after a sport utility
vehicle rammed into the Glasgow airport on Saturday in the latest of a series of
amateur plots in America and Europe. On Friday, British authorities discovered
two cars in London that held explosive devices that had failed to detonate.

Cars were sent through checkpoints before approaching the terminals at New York
area airports, and police maintained their heightened presence in subways and
around the city's bridges, tunnels, and tourist attractions.

British authorities suggested yesterday that the two plots in London and Glasgow
were linked to each other, and to the terrorist group Al Qaeda. But American
officials suggested that the recent plots, including a foiled plan to bomb a
fuel line leading to JFK airport and another to attack Fort Dix, were something
new. "What we're seeing with terrorism is a change," Senator Schumer said
yesterday. "They are home-grown groups not really connected to Al Qaeda."

The former deputy commissioner of counterterrorism for the New York City Police
Department, Michael Sheehan, said the smaller, improvised plots present a
different challenge to law enforcement and intelligence agencies.

Of the homegrown plots, he said: "Those are very hard to find. That's the bad
news. The good news is that they're not very sophisticated."

A senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute, Timothy Connors, said that in
response, the government should divert resources to nimbler local police forces.

At JFK yesterday, the suspicious package found on a curb outside Terminal 9
turned out to be a case full of cologne, a Port Authority spokesman, Steven
Coleman, said. After the brief evacuation, airport workers and airline
passengers said they were trying not to let fear interfere with their day.

"As I was coming in, I saw police officers all over, so I knew it would be that
kind of day," an operational coordinator at JFK, Rachel Domingue, 35, said. "If
I thought it about it, I wouldn't even be able to show here."

A traveler from California on her way to France via London, Lia Usilton, 19,
said she would not change her vacation plans, despite the elevated threat levels
in Britain. "I think it's definitely a concern," she said. "But you can't swim
across the Atlantic."

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            November 25, 2012 Sunday

Terror plot suspect Arifeen David Gojali of Riverside due in court for bail
hearing

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 199 words


Related:Live Blog |Terror plot reporting via Twitter |Inland Empire terror plot
thickens

Documents:FBI press release |Criminal complaint

Related story: Feds arrest four Inland Empire men in terrorism plot

One of four Inland Empire men accused of plotting terrorist attacks has a
hearing in federal court on Monday.

Arifeen David Gojali, 21, of Riverside, will appear in U.S. District Court in
Riverside for a bond hearing, where his attorney is expected to ask a judge if
bail can be set for his client.

Gojali was arrested Nov. 16 along with Ralph Kenneth Deleon, 23, of Ontario, and
Miguel Alejandro Santana Vidriales, 21, of Upland, after authorities stormed a
car near an apartment complex in Chino.

They are accused, along with a fourth man, Sohiel Kabir, 34, of Pomona, of
planning to carry out terrorist attacks on government facilities and kill
members of the armed forces overseas, according to a criminal complaint filed by
the FBI.

Gojali was being held at Central Detention Center in San Bernardino, where
Santana and Deleon were also under federal custody.

Kabir was awaiting extradition from Afghanistan to the United States.

A preliminary is scheduled for Dec. 3 and an arraignment for Dec. 5.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      June 20, 1999, Sunday, Home Edition

SUNDAY SPECIAL: OUTDOORS;
 Sow early, reap deer;
 Planting food plots ensures rich harvest of bucks, does in fall

BYLINE: Kent Mitchell, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 6F

LENGTH: 577 words

It was a sad day when the Back 40 Hunting Club had to vacate its 800 prime acres
in Greene County.

The 16 members were late discovering the secrets of great deer hunting, and then
the owner died and they were forced to leave.

"We were there for 10 years, but only started putting in food plots the last
three years," Marvin Griffin of Lilburn said. "The quality and number of deer
went up from then on."

Many clubs are waking up to the Back 40 club's discovery of habitat management.
One indication is sales by distributors of deer nutritional products, such as
the Alabama-based Whitetail Institute of North America.

"We've been doing it for 12 years, and it's become mainstream in the hunting
community the last three years," said Steve Scott of the institute, which
distributes its own deer nutritional products.

Until recently, efforts to improve the deer herd have focused on taking only
bucks with antler spreads of a certain width or taking a certain number of does,
but nutrition could be the key, especially in the less rich soils of the South.

Planting patches of clover, rye, ryegrass, alfalfa and grains has a major
impact, said Kent Kammermeyer, senior wildlife biologist with the Wildlife
Resources Division of the state Department of Natural Resources.

"It's almost unbelievable," Kammermeyer said.

The fall food plots should be planted from mid-August through September, he
said.

Kammermeyer said one reason that habitat management is only just beginning to
emerge is because so many wildlife biologists come from forestry schools, which
believe that deer are byproducts of forests.

"It turns out that with intensive pine monoculture and the development going on,
deer do need help," he said.

Estimates are, America had about 10 deer per square mile in 1492. Today, with
more open space and management, the Georgia Piedmont has as many as 50 deer per
square mile.

Kammermeyer recently did a study of Wildlife Management Areas, with hunting
clubs that had food plots on more than 1 1/2 acres and clubs with plots on less
than half an acre.

The quality buck kill on private clubs with high food plots was 3.7 per square
mile, compared with 1.0 per square mile on those with small plots. Wildlife
Management Areas, which have much mature forest, wound up in between.

"The ones with food plots had bigger deer with bigger racks," Kammermeyer said.

Food plots can produce as much as 10,000 pounds of food per acre per year, as
opposed to 10 to 20 pounds per year in a mature forest.

Kammermeyer estimates that it takes about 1,000 acres of mature woodland to
equal an acre of food plot. With that much food available, deer will stay close.

"You won't draw deer from great distances, but you have the potential to keep
deer at home on your small lease, to anchor those animals," Kammermeyer said.

Deer usually don't travel far. A buck in Georgia has a range of 600 to 1, 500
acres, a doe 300 to 600 acres.

Stretched to the maximum, a buck's range --- elliptical in shape, about 2 1/2
miles long and half a mile wide --- might cross two or three property lines. He
won't cross the lines if enough food is available close by.

And it only takes a little. Kammermeyer said food plots only one percent planted
have significant impact on deer in both weight and numbers.

"It's worth doing it. You get your money's worth," he said. "You can't do any
better than that through burning, clear-cutting or anything."

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Two deer. / STEVE DEAL / Staff
Photo
Plot thickens: Biologist Kent Kammermeyer (left) and William Thacker, who
manages the Dawson Forest Wildlife Management Area, can gauge how much the
unprotected field area is being grazed by the deer population when compared with
the protected area enclosed in wire mesh. / KIMBERLY SMITH / Staff
Graphic
RESOURCES
The Wildlife Resources Division of the state Department of Natural Resources
offers two booklets about habitat management for deer --- "Deer Herd Management
for Georgia Hunters" and the "Wild Game Pocket Planner." Call 770- 918-6404 for
a free copy.
The Quality Deer Management Association will offer a one-day course on habitat
management at the Georgia Mountains Center in Gainesville for $ 25. Call
800-209-3337 for more information.
University of Georgia Forest Resources. 706-542-3447.
Whitetail Institute of North America.  800-688-3030. www.deernutrition.com
Southeastern Land & Wildlife Management magazine. 334-244-6443.
Cooperative Extension Service County Agents --- Clayton, 770-473-3945; Cherokee,
770-479-0421; Cobb, 770-528-2464; DeKalb, 404-371-2821; Fayette, 770-460-5730;
Fulton, 404-730-7000; Forsyth, 770-887- 2418; Gwinnett, 678-377-4010; Hall,
770-535-8293; Rockdale, 770-785-5952.

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             May 13, 2009 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

SEARS TOWER PLOT CONVICTION

SECTION: NATIONAL; NATIONAL BRIEFS; Pg. A-6

LENGTH: 482 words


MIAMI -- It took three trials, three juries and nearly three years, but federal
prosecutors succeeded yesterday in convicting five Miami men of plotting to
start an anti-government insurrection by destroying Chicago's Sears Tower and
bombing FBI offices. One man was acquitted.

When the FBI swarmed the downtrodden Liberty City neighborhood to make the
arrests in June 2006, the administration of President George W. Bush hailed the
case as a prime example of the Justice Department's post-Sept. 11, 2001, policy
of disrupting potential terror plots in the earliest stages.

Yet hours of FBI recordings of terrorist talk contrasted with little concrete
evidence of an evolving plot, triggering two mistrials because juries could not
agree on verdicts against ringleader Narseal Batiste or five followers. One of
the seven defendants was acquitted after the first trial.

In a separate case in New York, a jury convicted Oussama Kassir, a Lebanese-born
Swede, of trying to set up a terror training camp in Oregon in 1999.

Car-warranty spam

WASHINGTON -- Federal regulators are close to filing lawsuits against companies
behind a national wave of spam "robo-calls" that warn people their auto
warranties are about to expire and offer new service plans, two senators said
yesterday.

The Federal Trade Commission is investigating several companies involved in the
deceptive calls, and the agency expects to bring cases against them within days,
Sens. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., and Mark Warner, D-Va., said at a news
conference.

Cost of greenhouse curbs

WASHINGTON -- An Environmental Protection Agency proposal that could lead to
regulating the gases blamed for global warming will prove costly for factories,
small businesses and other institutions, according to a White House document.

The nine-page memo is a compilation of opinions made by a dozen federal agencies
and departments during an internal review before the EPA issued a finding in
April that greenhouse gases pose dangers to public health and welfare.

Mine-collapse settlements

SALT LAKE CITY -- The owner and operator of Utah's Crandall Canyon mine
yesterday settled lawsuits filed by the families of the miners and rescuers who
were killed or injured by two cave-ins in 2007.

The settlement -- the largest in Utah mining history -- was signed by lawyers
for the defendants and the families of the 12 men who were killed or injured.

Fla. governor eyes Senate

TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- Popular Florida Gov. Charlie Crist is passing on an easy
re-election bid and instead will run for U.S. Senate, a decision that excites
Republicans in Washington, D.C., who desperately want to avoid further losses in
2010.

Mr. Crist, 52, instantly becomes the front-runner in the Senate race. He has
maintained approval ratings in the high 60 percent range despite the state's
gloomy economy, budget cuts, a high foreclosure rate and the highest
unemployment since 1975.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                            August 12, 2006 Saturday

48 hours to terror Bombers were primed and ready to go Suicide bombers in
Britain were primed, ready to go

BYLINE: FIONA HUDSON, DANNY BUTTLER

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 540  words


HOME-grown British suicide bombers were just 48 hours away from unleashing an
evil plot to blow-up planes mid-flight when British police swooped.

Alarmed security chiefs launched emergency raids to foil the plotters, after
intercepting a message from a possible ringleader in Pakistan which said: ''Do
your attacks now''.

The chilling command was viewed as a signal for plotters to bring forward their
plan to destroy as many as three aircraft an hour for three hours.

The mid-air suicide blitz using liquid-chemical bombs was intended to kill
thousands of passengers on board the flights and possibly many more victims
below.

''Make no mistake -- if this plot had succeeded it would have been bigger than
9/11 in terms of body count. This is very, very significant,'' a security source
is reported as saying.

Intelligence sources said the plotters had originally planned August 22 as
attack day but brought forward a test run after two British nationals were
arrested in Pakistan about a week ago.

The arrested men are believed to have fed information to police about the
alleged terror plot, triggering a Pakistan-based ringleader to give a green
light encouraging British-based terror cells to act sooner.

Pakistan's government yesterday said it had played a ''very important role'' in
bringing the terrifying plot undone.

The British would-be bombers are accused of planning to bring down planes over
American cities, possibly including New York, Washington DC, Boston, Chicago,
Los Angeles or Miami.

Following the dramatic arrests it was revealed that:

* At least one plotter had recorded a martyrdom video message.

* Assets of 19 people were frozen by the Bank of England.

* British and US airports could remain on critical or high alert indefinitely.

* Qantas told passengers to the US and London to arrive at the airport three
hours ahead of departure.

* US President George Bush called the arrests a ''stark reminder'' the country
was at war with Islamic fascists.

* London police were investigating a suspected bomb factory used to make the
liquid explosive.

* Up to five suspects were still at large, with authorities fearing they could
still attempt an attack.

The dramatic arrests in Britain were preceded by the arrests in Pakistan of two
British nationals.

They were among seven people arrested in Pakistan, at least three of whom were
believed to have links to al-Qaida.

It appears the Pakistani arrests may hold the key to breaking the terror plot.

''They were in full knowledge of the plot to blow up the airliners and the
information was passed on to Britain and US intelligence,'' a British official
said. Back in London, it was revealed a 29-year-old al-Qaida commander, Matiur
Rehman, may have been the cell ringleader.

It is believed Rehman, who may be still at large, had planned a ''terror
spectacular'' to mark the fifth anniversary of the September 11 attacks in the
US.

The Bank of England, acting on instructions from the government, published the
names and addresses of 19 suspects, saying it would be illegal to release their
funds.

Australian Prime Minister John Howard said yesterday Australia's terrorism alert
was under review.

Qantas has flagged extending bans on hand luggage and making permanent new
pre-flight security measures.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MER


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             August 19, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Timing unusual for plots on schools;
Social media helps foil latest threats

BYLINE: Oren Dorell, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 494 words


Two  plots by students to attack their high schools are unusual for this time of
year, school violence experts say.

The April anniversary of the 1999 Columbine High School massacre, in which 12
students, one teacher and two shooters died, is a much more common time than the
start of classes for school threats to flare, says Mary Ellen O'Toole, a retired
FBI profiler and author of The School Shooter, a Threat Assessment Perspective.

"I'm not aware of any research that says this is a more dangerous time" of year,
she says.

Even so, the fact that the recent plots -- in Tampa and suburban New Orleans --
were thwarted is part of a growing trend.

Brian Van Brunt,  past president of the American College Counseling Association,
says about 75% of attacks are uncovered before they happen.

Social media "is playing a huge role in thwarting these attacks," he says.

On Tuesday, Tampa police  arrested Jared Cano, 17, alleging he was preparing an
attack at Freedom High School on the first day of class next Tuesday.

Police Chief Jane Castor said authorities found bombmaking materials and a
"manifesto" that detailed a minute-by-minute plan and included diagrams of where
and when to set off bombs to harm the most people.

Earlier this month, sheriff's deputies near New Orleans arrested three
15-year-old boys, saying they had a detailed plan to bring weapons to Lakeshore
High School in Mandeville, La., on Aug. 8, the first day of class.

The students, who called themselves "Day Zero," identified a student and faculty
member they intended to kill and planned to shoot and disarm any law enforcement
officers who tried to stop them, St. Tammany Parish Sheriff Jack Strain told the
Associated Press. The plot was reported to school officials  by other students.

Van Brunt says most plotters, thwarted or not, let details or hints of their
plans become known to others. Seung Hui Cho, who killed 32 people and himself at
Virginia Tech in 2007, posted pictures of himself on the Internet wielding the
pistols he used in the attack.

Some of the things Cano posted to his Facebook page, such as a photograph of
himself with a machete, might have been warning signs, O'Toole says.

"You're looking for signs of violence," she says. "Holding a machete, a knife, a
gun, explosive equipment, taking a picture of himself and posting it -- that
would certainly raise a red flag."

Similar warning signs have led to other plots being uncovered, Van Brunt says:

Dillon Cossey, 14, was arrested in October 2007, in Plymouth Meeting, Pa., after
police learned from a friend that he planned a Columbine-style attack on his
high school. On his MySpace page, Cossey described his admiration for the bank
robbers of the North Hollywood shootout and  the Columbine shooters.

Brian  Evans, 16, was arrested in Puyallup, Wash., April 2006 in a plot to shoot
people and commit suicide after he sent an instant message to another  student
saying he wanted "to finally go out in a blaze of hatred and fury."

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 The Monroe County Reporter (Forsyth, Georgia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 15, 2015

Citizen starts drive to repair Cullodens King Hill Cemetery entrances

BYLINE: The Monroe County Reporter staff

LENGTH: 617  words


her father there the year before. As she visited the cemetery, she was moved to
begin an effort to improve it and get people interested in maintaining it. On
June 9, Davis presented Culloden City Council a check for $525 for improving
King Hill Cemetery.

She told council that the fence and gates to King Hill are badly mangled and
thought the money might be used for an appropriate entrance, such as brick
and/or stone posts. Davis said that her initial contribution is the beginning of
a campaign to collect funds for repairs and upgrades. She is making an effort to
contact the families of all of those buried at King Hill and ask them to
contribute $25 per family.

According to the June 9 minutes from the Culloden City Council meeting, all
members agreed the city should support the effort. Council asked Davis to open
an account for the project with herself, Mayor Steve Eller and Council member
Ozzie Penamon responsible for signing checks. Later in the meeting, when the
council approved a request from a citizen for some of the old bricks behind City
Hall, it was agreed that the individual be asked to make a donation to the
Cemetery Fund.

Davis said that she estimates there are 50-60 graves in King Hill Cemetery
representing about 50 different families. She said the cemetery is relatively
new and seems to have a lot of ground still available. The oldest marker she has
seen was placed in the early 1980's. There is a need to inventory the plots
because some families have told her that they are not accurate. The city sold
many plots at $25 each, which enticed non-Culloden residents to buy them up.

Culloden City Clerk Lisa Elder said that the city has raised prices from $25 for
a half-plot (a single gravesite) and $50 for a plot to $50 for a half plot and
$100 for a plot. However, there is a moratorium on sales until the city can
survey King Hill Cemetery because it contains some unmarked graves and the city
wants to map all of the burials in the cemetery and create organized records.

Elder said that because of an individual from Atlanta buying a large number of
plots, the city passed stipulations that the plots cannot be re-sold. There is
now one family that has asked to give plots back to the city because it has
established a family cemetery in an adjacent county.

Elder estimated that King Hill Cemetery opened in the early 1970's. She said the
gates are down and the entrances have been damaged. The city has not yet gotten
estimates on what it will cost to repair and upgrade the entrances. Elder said
the project is getting started thanks to Davis and that beautification of the
entrances will be a good thing for Culloden.

King Hill Cemetery is adjacent to Culloden's historical black cemetery. Davis
said that about 30 marked graves were recorded in it in 1997, the oldest dating
back to at least 1926. King Hill Cemetery was opened when there were no more
spaces available in the historic black cemetery. Davis noted that none of the
black churches in Culloden have cemeteries.

Davis said the historic cemetery sits next to a pond that is encroaching on it.
At one time the city had pursued a grant to secure it but did not get the grant.
Culloden also has Jones, Rose Hill, Byrd and Brice cemeteries located on private
land. The city of Culloden mows and maintains Culloden Memorial, King Hill and
the historic black cemetery.

Davis plans to continue fundraising until the city can replace the existing
gates at the two entrances to King Hill Cemetery with brick columns or other
attractive and appropriate structures. The account for the fundraiser is open at
Forsyth's United Bank. Davis hopes to culminate the fundraiser with a picnic or
other gathering in the cemetery.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCR

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2015 The Monroe County Reporter


                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Western Mail

                           February 10, 2006, Friday
                                 First Edition

Bush reveals details of foiled California terror plot

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 574 words


Details of a foiled terrorist plot to fly a plane into the tallest building on
the US West Coast were revealed yesterday by President George Bush. A month
after the East Coast's September 11 attacks, the alleged mastermind Khalid
Sheikh Mohammed had already begun planning the 2002 Californian operation, said
the US president.

This time the hijackers aimed to use shoe-bombs to blow open the cockpit door of
a commercial airliner and crash it into Los Angeles' Library Tower, since
renamed the US Bank Tower, he said.

One of Mohammed's key henchmen Hambali, the alleged operations chief of the
al-Qaeda- related terrorist group Jemaah Islamiyah, chose Southeast Asian men
who would be less likely to arouse suspicion and who were sent to meet Osama bin
Laden, the president added.

Bush said the plot was derailed when an unnamed Southeast Asian nation, arrested
a key but unnamed al-Qaeda operative.

He used these details yesterday in a bid to prove that the US-led global war on
terror has 'weakened and fractured' al-Qaeda and allied groups.

'The terrorists are living under constant pressure and this adds to our
security,' Bush said.

'When terrorists spend their days working to avoid death or capture, it's harder
for them to plan and execute new attacks on our country. By striking the
terrorists where they live, we're protecting the American homeland.'

But the president said the anti-terror battle was far from over.

'The terrorists are weakened and fractured, yet they're still lethal,' the
president said in a speech at the National Guard Memorial Building.

'We cannot let the fact that America hasn't been attacked since September 11
lull us into the illusion that the threats to our nation have disappeared. They
have not.'

Bush has referred to the 2002 plot before but this is the first time details
have been revealed. In an address last October, he said the United States and
its allies had foiled at least 10 serious plots by al-Qaeda.

Bush has been on a campaign to defend his controversial domestic monitoring
programme. But the White House would not say whether the 2002 thwarted plot was
stopped as a result of the National Security Agency program to eavesdrop on the
international emails and phone calls of people inside the United States with
suspected ties to terrorists.

Bush only said that 'subsequent debriefings and other intelligence operations'
after the arrest of the unnamed operative led to information about the plot, and
to the capture of other ringleaders and operatives involved in it.

Hambaliwas captured in Thailand in 2003 and handed over to the US.

'It took the combined efforts of several countries to break up this plot,' the
president said.

'By working together, we took dangerous terrorists off the streets...we stopped
a catastrophic attack on our homeland.'

Bush's speech in October cited two other attacks inside the United States that
were foiled, including one to use hijacked planes to attack the East Coast in
mid-2003.

The third was the case of Jose Padilla, a former Chicago gang member who
converted to Islam and allegedly plotted with top al-Qaeda commanders to
detonate a radioactive 'dirty bomb' in a US city. Padilla, whose plot never
materialised, is being held without bail in civilian custody on charges that he
was part of a secret network that supported Muslim terrorists. He was arrested
in May 2002 and had been held as an enemy combatant without criminal charge at a
Navy brig until last month.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 30, 2004, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Suspect to give details of Libyan plot

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 414 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- An American Muslim leader is expected to plead guilty today to
accepting illegal payments from Libya as part of a plea bargain in which he will
agree to outline his involvement in a plot with Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi to
kill the Saudi crown prince, a person familiar with the case said Thursday.

Abdurahman Alamoudi, founder of the American Muslim Council, is scheduled to
appear in federal court in Alexandria, Va. He was named this year in a 34-count
indictment that included charges that he accepted thousands of dollars from
Libya in violation of U.S. economic sanctions.


None of the charges directly links Alamoudi to the alleged assassination plot
against Saudi Crown Prince Abdullah. But terms of the plea agreement require
Alamoudi to cooperate with federal officials investigating the alleged plot,
said the person familiar with the case, who asked not to be identified because
the allegations are still under investigation.

Alamoudi initially provided information about the assassination plan to federal
prosecutors as part of plea negotiations in the case, U.S. law enforcement
officials have said.

In those meetings, Alamoudi told investigators he discussed the plot with
Gadhafi twice last year. The discussions took place as Gadhafi was seeking to
end U.S. economic sanctions by renouncing Libya's support for terrorism.

U.S. officials have acknowledged that they knew Gadhafi might have been plotting
against Abdullah but continued talks with him about shutting down Libya's
programs aimed at producing weapons of mass destruction.

U.S. authorities went ahead with the negotiations while the plot was being
investigated because of the importance attached to Libya's disarmament and the
fact that the planned attack on Abdullah had been exposed and no longer posed a
threat, law enforcement officials familiar with the negotiations said.

A separate account of the assassination plan has been provided to Saudi
authorities by Col. Mohamed Ismael, a Libyan intelligence officer in Saudi
custody.

Ismael is accused of funneling money to Saudi dissidents planning to blow up
Abdullah's motorcade.

"Mr. Alamoudi regrets what happened tremendously," said James McLoughlin Jr.,
one of Alamoudi's attorneys. "He's going to cooperate fully with the
government."

Libyan officials have denied any involvement in a plot against the Saudi royal
family.

Saudi authorities declined to comment on Alamoudi's case Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Yousef Al-Ageli, AP; PHOTO, B/W, AP; Gadhafi: Libyan
leader's reported involvement in the assassination plot was being investigated
at the same time he was in disarmament negotiations with U.S. <>Abdullah: Prince
was alleged target.

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                              May 13, 2011 Friday

Bin Laden directed all recent Al-Qaeda plots, diary shows

BYLINE: Kimberly Dozier

LENGTH: 811 words


Though hunted and in hiding, Osama bin Laden remained the driving force behind
every recent Al-Qaeda terror plot, U.S. officials say, citing his private
journal and other documents recovered in last week's raid.

WASHINGTON: Though hunted and in hiding, Osama bin Laden remained the driving
force behind every recent Al-Qaeda terror plot, U.S. officials say, citing his
private journal and other documents recovered in last week's raid.

Until navy SEALs killed him a week ago, bin Laden dispensed chilling advice to
the leaders of Al-Qaeda groups from Yemen to London: Hit Los Angeles, not just
New York, he wrote. Target trains as well as planes. If possible, strike on
significant dates, such as the July 4 Independence Day and the upcoming 10th
anniversary of the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.

Above all, he urged, kill more Americans in a single attack, to drive them from
the Arab world.

Bin Laden's written words show that counterterrorist officials worldwide
underestimated how key he remained to running the organization, shattering the
conventional thinking that he had been reduced through isolation to being an
inspirational figurehead, U.S. officials said Wednesday.

His personal, handwritten journal and his massive collection of computer files
show he helped plan every recent major Al-Qaeda threat the U.S. is aware of,
including plots in Europe last year that had travelers and embassies on high
alert, two officials said. So far, no new plots have been uncovered in bin
Laden's writings, but intelligence officials say it will take weeks, if not
months, to go through.

They described the intelligence to The Associated Press only on condition of
anonymity because they were not authorized to talk publicly about what was
found.

The records show bin Laden was communicating from his walled compound in
Pakistan with Al-Qaeda's offshoots, including the Yemen branch, which has
emerged as the leading threat to the U.S. Though there is no evidence yet that
he was directly behind the attempted Christmas Day 2009 bombing of a
Detroit-bound airliner or the nearly successful attack on cargo planes heading
for Chicago and Philadelphia, it's now clear that they bear some of bin Laden's
hallmarks.

He was well aware of U.S. counterterrorist defenses and schooled his followers
on how to work around them, the messages to his followers show. Don't limit
attacks to New York City, he said in his writings. Consider other areas such as
Los Angeles or smaller cities. Spread out the targets.

In one particularly macabre bit of mathematics, bin Laden's writings show him
musing over just how many Americans he must kill to force the U.S. to withdraw
from the Arab world. He concludes that the smaller, scattered attacks since the
Sept. 11, 2001, attacks had not been enough. He tells his disciples that only a
body count of thousands, something on the scale of the attacks on New York and
Washington, would shift U.S. policy.

He also schemed about ways to sow political dissent in Washington and play
political figures against one another, officials said.

The communications were in missives sent via plug-in computer storage devices
called flash drives. The devices were ferried to bin Laden's compound by
couriers, a process that is slow but exceptionally difficult to track.

Intelligence officials have not identified any new planned targets or plots in
their initial analysis of the 100 or so flash drives and five computers that
Navy SEALs hauled away. Last week, the FBI and Homeland Security Department
warned law enforcement officials nationwide to be on alert for possible attacks
against trains, though officials said there was no specific plot.

Officials have not yet seen any indication that bin Laden had the ability to
coordinate timing of attacks across the various Al-Qaeda affiliates in Pakistan,
Yemen, Algeria, Iraq and Somalia, and it is also unclear from bin Laden's
documents how much the affiliate groups relied on his guidance. The Yemen group,
for instance, has embraced the smaller-scale attacks that bin Laden's writings
indicate he regarded as unsuccessful.

Without bin Laden to serve as their shepherd, it's possible Al-Qaeda will
further fragment.

The groups in Somalia and Algeria, for instance, have very different goals
focused on local grievances.

British officials said the Americans had shared some information with them about
the bin Laden cache, but there had been nothing concrete yet to indicate bin
Laden's stamp on any of the recent terror attacks or plots - including a
European plot last year involving the threat of a Mumbai-style shooting spree in
a capital.

Britain's two largest terror attacks and plots - the 2005 suicide bombings and
the trans-Atlantic liquid explosive plot to blow up several airliners in 2006 -
both had trails that led back to Pakistan and Al-Qaeda figures, but there was
never a direct link to bin Laden himself.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2011 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             July 11, 2006 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

MEASURES PROTECT OUR FREEDOMS TERRORIST PLOTS STILL ARE WORSE THAN SO-CALLED
INVASIONS OF PRIVACY

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 420 words


Here's a question President Bush's legions of critics should ask themselves
about the administration's counterterrorism policies: Are those policies that
seemingly intrude on privacy rights - such as monitoring bank transactions for
terrorism links, or eavesdropping on domestic communications with al-Qaida
members abroad - more of a threat to Americans' security than the terrorist
plots that such policies foil?

The latest conspiracy federal investigators busted up, with the help of
intelligence agents from six other countries, involved the arrests of eight
suspects, including an al-Qaida loyalist in Lebanon, who were planning an attack
on the Holland Tunnel.

The tunnel, connecting New Jersey to New York City, is used by tens of thousands
of commuters every day. A successful attack would create a disaster of the first
magnitude. It would drown or trap hundreds, plus flood lower Manhattan, ruining
transportation and commerce for weeks on end.

If the bust-up of this conspiracy was a rarity, it could be written off as just
an aberration. But there have been many terrorist plots foiled or prosecuted
since the Sept. 11, 2001, al-Qaida attacks - yet they don't seem to get nearly
as much negative attention as the policies that bring them down.

For instance, since the 9-11 attacks, 261 defendants have been convicted or
pleaded guilty to terrorism or terrorism-related activities arising from FBI
investigations at home and abroad. That's no small number, and it shows a clear
pattern.

Some have been prominent cases, such as the conviction of airline "shoe bomber"
Richard Reid in 2003; or the 2002 arrest of Jose Padilla, who was allegedly
planning to explode a radioactive "dirty bomb" inside the United States. Some
9-11 type attacks were also thwarted, including breaking up the mid-2002
terrorist plot to hijack airplanes to crash into targets on the U.S. West Coast,
or a similar mid-2003 plot to go after targets on the East Coast.

Clearly, the Holland Tunnel plot was just the latest in a string of
conspiracies. Obviously there will be more. Al-Qaida and its offshoots are
determined to carry off another 9-11. But if traitorous leakers keep exposing to
the anti-Bush media the means our government uses to frustrate them, then sooner
or later the terrorists will succeed.

We do not have to choose between freedom and security. But we can ensure our
freedoms by giving our government a little more authority to enforce security.
Nothing the government is doing to protect us could be worse than another 9-11.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 1, 1991, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Prosecutors Tell of Colombo Family Murder Plot

BYLINE: By ARNOLD H. LUBASCH

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 33; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 628 words


Victor Orena, reputedly the acting boss of the Colombo crime family, has
narrowly escaped an assassination plot, according to a court document.

The plot stemmed from a power struggle between Mr. Orena and a group loyal to
Carmine Persico, the convicted Colombo boss now serving a long prison sentence,
the document said. It noted that the information about the alleged murder plot
came from confidential informants.

Federal prosecutors submitted the document last week at a detention hearing for
a defendant, Robert Zambardi, in a loansharking case in Federal District Court
in Brooklyn. The document identified Mr. Zambardi as a Colombo crime family
soldier who reports directly to Carmine Sessa, identified as the family's
counselor.

Aborted Plot

"Five confidential sources have informed agents of the F.B.I. that members of
the Colombo family close to Persico and concerned that Orena wanted to take over
complete control of the family, ordered Orena's murder," the document said.

"On June 20, 1991," it continued, "Carmine Sessa, Robert Zambardi and two other
men went to Orena's residence intending to murder Orena. The plan failed because
Orena arrived home prematurely before the conspirators were ready."

A prosecutor, Laura A. Ward, added at the hearing that Mr. Orena was alerted to
trouble when he saw the four men near his home and that they quickly left,
aborting the planned assassination.

Although no further incidents have been reported in the dispute, law-enforcement
authorities said the danger of warfare within the Colombo organization persists.

The court document, which Ms. Ward submitted for United States Attorney Andrew
J. Maloney, urged a Federal magistrate to detain Mr. Zambardi in jail pending
his trial. They said he engaged in violent loansharking activities, as well as
the alleged murder plot, and posed a "danger to the community."

A defense lawyer, Frank Lopez, argued that the Government was presenting stale
information from anonymous sources and that Mr. Zambardi, who has been working
as a car salesman, should be released on bail.

Released on Bail

After hearing the arguments, Magistrate John L. Caden said the Government's
contentention that Mr. Zambardi was a danger to the community "doesn't measure
up to clear and convincing evidence." He then released Mr. Zambardi on $500,000
bail.

Mr. Zambardi, who is 51 years old and lives on Staten Island, was the only
defendant the Government tried to detain without bail in the loansharking
investigation. Five others, accused of links to the Gambino crime family, were
indicted on separate loansharking charges and were released on $250,000 bail
each.

The other defendants were Joseph Bilotti, 58, of Staten Island; Vincent
D'Antoni, 48, of Staten Island; Joseph Seggio, 54, of Brooklyn; Peter Sgarlato,
56, of Edison, N.J., and Michael Murdocco, 48, of Staten Island.

Mr. Bilotti was identified as a brother of Thomas Bilotti, who was killed with
Paul Castellano, who reputedly headed the Gambino family. They were shot to
death on Dec. 16, 1985. Their murders are among the charges against John Gotti
in a racketeering trial scheduled for early next year.

In the case of Mr. Zambardi, who was on probation for a bank burglary scheme,
the prosecution said it was prepared to prove that he lent several thousand
dollars to a businessman, Ernest Benfante, who was beaten up last year when he
failed to make weekly interest payments.

"Following the beating, Benfante contacted the Federal Bureau of Investigation,"
the court document said. "Wearing a tape-recording device, Benfante met with
Zambardi on Nov. 11, 1990. During the course of the recorded conversation,
Zambardi acknowledged the loan and authorizing the beating of Benfante."

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           October 12, 2011 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

IRAN PLOT TO KILL AN ENVOY IN D.C. EATERY. FEDS NAB HEARTLESS SUSPECT WHO DIDN'T
CARE IF SCORES SLAIN IN PLANNED ASSASSINATION OF SAUDI AMBASSADOR

BYLINE: BY ALISON GENDAR in Washington and SCOTT SHIFREL and LARRY McSHANE DAILY
NEWS STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 611 words


IRANIAN OFFICIALS backed a $1.5 million murder-for-hire plot to blow up the
Saudi ambassador to the U.S. in a crowded Washington restaurant, authorities
charged yesterday.

One of the two conspirators never flinched when told the assassination of top
Saudi diplomat Adel al-Jubeir would cost scores of innocent lives - including
some U.S. senators said to dine in a fictitious D.C. eatery, federal court
papers indicated.

"No big deal," said accused plotter Manssor Arbabsiar. "They want that guy done.
If the hundred go with him, f--k 'em."

Arbabsiar, a naturalized American citizen, was arrested Sept. 29 after returning
to Kennedy Airport from a trip to Mexico, authorities said.

He traveled south of the border to hire a four-man hit team from a Mexican drug
cartel - but instead met with a paid federal Drug Enforcement Administration
informant, court papers said.

"Though it reads like the pages of a Hollywood script, the impact [of the plot]
would have been very real and many lives would have been lost," said FBI
Director Robert Mueller.

Arbabsiar was accused of conspiring with Gholam Shakuri, identified as an
Iran-based member of a unit known for promoting international terrorism.

The Quds Force is linked with the deadly Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard
Corps, authorities said.

The Guard Corps is suspected of aiding attacks against coalition forces in Iraq
and helping the Taliban and other terrorist groups.

U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder made clear the Obama administration blamed
Iranian officials for targeting the Saudi ambassador .

"This was directed and approved by elements of the Iranian government," said
Holder, citing Quds and the Guard Corps. "High-up officials in those agencies .
. . were responsible for this plot."

Obama called Jubeir with a message of solidarity as word of the foiled plot
spread.

Embassies also targeted

Secretary of State Clinton said the scheme only increased the friction between
the U.S. and Iran.

"We will be consulting with our friends and partners around the world about how
we can send a very strong message that this kind of action . . . must be ended,"
she said.

Arbabsiar and Shakuri also planned to attack the Israeli Embassy in Washington,
along with the Saudi and Israeli embassies in Argentina, published reports say.

Arbabsiar, 56, was busted carrying U.S. and Iranian passports, $3,900 cash and
an itinerary indicating an October flight to Tehran, the complaint said.

Officials charged he funneled $100,000 into a New York bank to finance the
killing.

He and Shakuri were charged with murder conspiracy, conspiracy to use a weapon
of mass destruction and conspiracy to commit an act of international terrorism.

Both face life behind bars if convicted, although Shakuri remains a fugitive.

Arbabsiar said nothing during a brief appearance in Manhattan Federal Court,
where he was jailed without bail. The suspect, wearing a blue button-down shirt
and jeans, is due back in court Oct. 25.

Iran, via its state television, dismissed the U.S. charges.

"The Islamic Republic of Iran has rejected U.S. accusations of the country
plotting to assassinate the Saudi envoy to Washington as a prefabricated
scenario," said a statement read on Tehran-based Press TV.

After his arrest, Arbabsiar made a full confession - and even allowed the feds
to tape his phone calls to Shakuri in Iran, the criminal complaint revealed.

Arbabsiar referred to the Georgetown-educated ambassador as "The Chevrolet"
during a conversation last Wednesday.

"It's ready to be done," he said. "I should continue, right?"

"Yes, yes, yes," Shakuri replied. ". . . Just do it quickly, it's late, just buy
it for me and bring it already."

agendar@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Attack on israeli Embassy in Washington (above) was part of larger plot
to kill Saudi Ambassadorv to U.S. Adel al-Jubeir (far right). Suspect Manssor
Arbabsiar (in mug shot and top in Manhattan Federal Court) was nabbed at Kennedy
Airport.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: FRONT PAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Daily News, L.P.


                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            December 26, 2010 Sunday

Airport screening: follow the Israeli model

BYLINE: By Asra Q. Nomani

LENGTH: 446 words


America is at war in Afghanistan and Iraq, but we face a battle front closer to
home: our airports and airliners.

In 1998, after a foiled plot by 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed to bomb
U.S.-bound jets, Osama bin Laden urged Muslims to down U.S. and Israeli jets in
"pitiless and violent" attacks. Since then, we've had a series of
al-Qaida-inspired plots, including three schemes against Los Angeles and New
York airports, "shoe bomber" Richard Reid, the Christmas 2009 "underwear bomber"
and the recent air-cargo bomb attempt. And, of course, the plot we will never
forget, on Sept. 11, 2001.

Sadly, to me, as an American Muslim, there is one common denominator to these
plots: The perpetrators are all Muslim.

As a nation, we need to be less politically correct and more pragmatic in
assessing threats. It's a painful choice, but we should follow the Israeli model
and allow profiling based on religion, race, ethnicity, gender, national origin
and age, as part of a wider screening strategy that includes behavioral
profiling. Profiling makes sense whether it involves screening white Christian
extremists to find those intent on bombing abortion clinics or Muslims to find
al-Qaida operatives targeting airliners.

The Justice Department has said that because of the "incalculably high stakes
involved" in preventing "catastrophic events," such as jet attacks, airport
screeners "may consider race, ethnicity, and other relevant factors."

There are several ways to implement this strategy:

- Ensure that profiling is limited to threat assessment, not harassment or
discrimination.

- Have passengers input into a database vital information - Social Security,
driver's license or passport numbers _ when they make an airline reservation to
clearly establish identities, travel patterns and, when possible, other elements
as part of pre-screening. Let fliers voluntarily add more data, such as race,
religion, ethnicity and national origin, to the database. Let security officials
access that database for use in secondary screening at the airport.

- Train a larger cadre of professional screeners in identity and behavioral
profiling so they can respectfully use both to identify people for extra
screening.

With an honest national conversation about the threat from a small, radicalized
group of Muslims, I believe we can marginalize and defeat their interpretation
of Islam. And, I hope, soon see a day when Muslims will no longer be a part of
the threat profile.

Asra Q. Nomani, a former Wall Street Journal reporter who covered airlines, is
the author of "Standing Alone: An American Woman's Struggle for the Soul of
Islam.' She teaches journalism at Georgetown University.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  December 12, 1979, Wednesday, Final Edition

Man in Plot to Kill Wife Sentenced to Life Term

BYLINE: By Benjamin Weiser, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; D4

LENGTH: 381 words


Lon A. Lewis, whose conviction in a 1977 "You kill my wife, I'll kill yours"
murder plot was reversed by the Maryland Court of Appeals in August, yesterday
pleaded guilty to one count each of first-degree murder and second-degree murder
in the same case.

Following the plea, which was the result of plea bargaining between prosecutors
and Lewis' attorney, the 29-year-old Bowie man was sentenced to life
imprisonment on the first-degree murder charge.

However, Circuit Court Judge Jacob S. Levin said that after Lewis had served 50
years, the remainder of his sentence would be suspended.  Levin also sentenced
Lewis to 30 years' imprisonment on the second-degree murder charge, and ordered
that the two sentences be served concurrently.

According to Lewis' attorney, Fred Warren Bennett, Lewis will be eligible for
parole after 10 years.  He would have been eligible for parole after 18 years
under his sentence in the earlier case.

The conviction of Gene T. Meyer, 30, the man who agreed to the plot with Lewis
and who then stabbed Lewis's 28-year-old wife and 4-year-old daughter to death
in their Bowie home, recently was upheld by the Court of Appeals.

At his own trial last year, Lewis testified that Meyer first suggested the
murders when the two men were in San Antonio, Tex., receiving advanced training
as computer technicians.

According to Lewis's testimony, Meyer offered to kill Carol Lewis so that Lewis
would be able to continue his relationship with his girlfriend.

Six months later, Meyer went into the kitchen of the Lewis home, picked up a
butcher knife and killed Carol and Heather Lewis.  Two weeks after the murder,
under questioning by county police, Lewis confessed to his role in the plot.

Meyer was arrested the following morning.  Subsequently he, too, confessed.


The plot also called for Lewis to kill Meyer's wife, Hortensia, so Meyer could
collected a $100,000 insurance policy, Lewis testified last year.  However,
Lewis said, he thought the plot was "all a game" and never attempted to kill
Hortensia Meyer.

The Court of Appeals had reversed Lewis's conviction because of a technical
error made by prosecutors, At the time, Lewis was serving a sentence of life
plus 30 years at the state prison at Hagerstown.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1979 The Washington Post


                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             July 7, 2010 Wednesday

In brief

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 501 words


new york

Failed NYC subway attack linked to larger terror plot

A failed plot to set off bombs in New York's subways last year was part of a
larger al-Qaida terrorist conspiracy that included a similar attack planned in
England, U.S. prosecutors said Wednesday.

In an indictment unsealed Wednesday in federal court in Brooklyn, prosecutors
added several al-Qaida figures to the case, including Adnan Shukrijumah, an FBI
most-wanted terrorist.

Shukrijumah, one of the al-Qaida leaders in charge of plotting attacks
worldwide, was directly involved in recruiting and plotting the New York attack,
prosecutors said. Attorney General Eric Holder has called that plot one of the
most dangerous since the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks.

The indictment added new terrorism charges against Adis Medunjanin, who already
was awaiting trial in the subway case. It also named three other men -- Abid
Naseer, Tariq Ur Rehman and an alleged al-Qaida operative in Pakistan known only
as "Ahmad" -- and linked them to a previously undisclosed companion plot in
England.

Washington, D.C.

Guantánamo detainee pleads guilty to charges

A Guantánamo Bay detainee Wednesday pleaded guilty to conspiring with al-Qaida
and to providing material support for terrorism, setting up the first conviction
before a military commission under the Obama administration.

The detainee, Ibrahim Ahmed Mahmoud al-Qosi, a 50-year-old Sudanese man captured
in Afghanistan, admitted to a military judge that he had engaged in hostilities
against the United States in violation of the laws of war.

A jury of military officers next month will determine his prison sentence.

In other news

Alarmed by a spate of near-collisions involving airliners, the government is
trying to find out why air traffic controllers and pilots are making so many
dangerous errors. In recent months, there have been at least a half-dozen
incidents in which airliners came close to colliding with other planes or
helicopters -- including in Chicago, Houston, San Francisco, Burbank and
Anchorage, Alaska.

A wily teenage thief who hopscotched his way across the U.S. and escaped in a
stolen plane to the Bahamas lived up to his legend Wednesday, eluding a manhunt
after allegedly committing a new series of break-ins on a normally quiet island.
Bahamian police interviewed burglary victims while searching for Colton
Harris-Moore on Great Abaco Island days after the fugitive who has been dubbed
the "Barefoot Bandit" crash-landed the plane and made his way to shore.

A man considered a person of interest in the abduction of a 4-year-old Missouri
girl, who was later found safe, shot himself when authorities approached his
home Wednesday, police said. Officers went to the man's home about 4:30 p.m. in
the city of Hawk Point, which is about halfway between where Alisa Maier was
taken from her front yard Monday night and the St. Louis suburb about 70 miles
away where she was found wandering around a carwash late Tuesday.

The Associated Press and the New York Times contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 14, 1999, Saturday, Final Edition

Centreville's Lush Life

Claudia Assis, Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. H01

LENGTH: 1023 words



Green thumbs are not a requirement for living at Post Corners Apartments, but
they would certainly come in handy: The Centreville complex offers 16 free
garden plots. When a plot becomes vacant, the management organizes a lottery to
pick the next gardener.

The 4-by-6-foot plots are a highlight at Post Corners, but the 336-unit
garden-style complex, surrounded by lush landscaping, also offers residents
other attractive features: a gated entrance, a washer and dryer in each unit, 9-
or 10-foot ceilings, walk-in closets, and optional gas fireplaces. Apartments
have either a patio, a balcony or a sunroom.

A variety of plant life--from sunflowers and tomatoes to corn and
zucchini--blooms in the gardens. And the results this summer look barely touched
by the drought that has shriveled plants throughout the Washington area.

Bob Graves wasn't lucky enough to win the Virginia lottery, he said, but he got
a garden plot at Post Corners. Graves and his wife of 44 years, Betty, mostly
grow tomatoes, but the Graves's garden once had spinach, lettuce, beets and
onions. Post Corners "is a setting that closely resembles a country club," he
said.

The Graveses, longtime Northern Virginia residents, with some reluctance left
the 12-room house in Arlington where they raised their five children, fearing
that they would face problems with maintenance and loud neighbors at a rental
community. Luckily, they were wrong. "I've been totally astounded by how
pleasant it has been," he said. "This place is unique."

Post Corners' beautiful landscaping first attracted Frida Hamp, who lists
gardening among her hobbies, a little more than a year ago. She then visited the
community in February and was hooked. "It was gorgeous even in the winter, with
so much green," she said.

Without much spare time to keep up her own plot, Hamp satisfied her love for
plants "subletting" a corner of her next-door neighbor's garden to grow enormous
sunflowers--the plot was chosen as July's "Garden of the Month.' Post Corners,
she said, is a place where it is possible to live right outside Washington "and
still breathe fresh air and have beautiful gardens to walk through."

To make this experience more enjoyable, the management attaches name tags to
some plants, and professional landscapers are available from time to time to
advise residents.

The individual plots are surrounded by apple trees, grape vines, blueberries,
thyme, rosemary and other plants, and residents--gardeners or not--are expected
to help themselves to what they want. And tenants who don't grow a vegetable
garden can still join in the community spirit and exercise their green thumbs by
decorating their balconies: After all, the "Balcony of the Month" contest
features a $ 50 prize.

Jennifer Massaglia, who moved to Post Corners about two months ago, said she
would sign up for a plot if she had more time to garden. She said she liked her
apartment from the moment she saw it: "I just liked how clean it was and how it
looked very new." The 26-building complex was built in 1995.

Massaglia moved from Maryland because of her job. A flight attendant based at
Dulles International Airport, Massaglia finds that living in Centreville gives
her a nice 10-minute commute to work. And, compared with other complexes she
visited while apartment-hunting, Post Corners was closer to grocery and retail
stores. It also is convenient to Fair Oaks Mall.

If the beautiful landscape, gardens and location are a huge plus for most
residents, many prospective tenants were attracted to Post Corners by the units'
layouts, leasing consultant Angela Ballestracci said. "They are more impressed
with what they see inside the apartments," she said.

The complex offers eight different floor plans, and there is a waiting list for
some of them. The turnover is low: Residents leave the community either because
they buy a house or change job locations, Ballestracci said.

Post Corners is managed by Post Properties Inc., a real estate investment trust
based in Atlanta that manages more than 33,800 units in the Southeast and the
Southwest. In Northern Virginia, the company also manages a 364-unit apartment
complex in Fairfax. Seven people work on staff at Post Corners.

Ballestracci and other employees recently were invited to a party organized by
residents, an idea that started at the Post Corners pool-opening party and,
according to organizers, is intended to be a monthly happening. The potluck and
games night attracted a mix of about 20 longtime and new residents to the
complex's clubhouse.

The sociable atmosphere at Post Corners is one of the complex's nicest features
for Shirley Miles, who moved there in March. "Everybody here seems to be very
friendly," she said--and staff members are part of that ambience. "The people
who keep the place up are so anxious to please and to make sure the resident is
happy."

At Post Corners, Miles keeps a vegetable garden and also pursues another
passion, exercise, using the 24-hour fitness room and the swimming pool to keep
in shape. With nice neighbors and a place for gardening and exercise, she said,
"what else could you ask for?"


POST CORNERS APARTMENTS

5804 Post Corners Trail

Centreville, Va. 20120

1-888-239-6765



* Application fee: $ 35; $ 30 each additional applicant


* Security deposit: $ 225 to $ 425; $ 100 to $ 300 refundable


* Lease term: Six months to a year


* Utilities: Not included


* Amenities: Swimming pool; fitness room; clubhouse; vegetable garden; business
center; playground; tennis courts; picnic area; car wash; storage units; guest
apartments


* Parking: Free outdoor lot; $ 115 a month for garage parking



* Pet policy: Pets 20 pounds or less, and one year or older; $ 500 pet deposit,
$ 200 refundable


APARTMENT SIZE QUANTITY SQUARE FEET MONTHLY RENTAL

1 BR/1 BA 144 600 to 880 $ 825 to $ 925

2BR/1BA 28 1,000 1,035

2 BR/2BA 142 1180 to 1,280 1,115 to 1,230

3 BR/2 BA 22 1,360 1,400




LOAD-DATE: August 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Map, brad wye

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 18, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION

WEEKEND PREVIEW

BYLINE: Eddie Timanus

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 14C

LENGTH: 1813 words


Times p.m. Eastern

No. 1 Ohio State (2-0) vs. No. 19 Missouri (2-0)

-- Time/TV: 3:30/ABC. Line: OSU by 26. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: Buckeyes face another challenging non-conference
opponent as they attempt to go wire to wire.

-- Plots and subplots: OSU's offensive arsenal led by QB Joe
Germaine and RB Michael Wiley is operating at peak efficiency.
It will be up to Tigers QB Corby Jones to keep up. Missouri's
cutting option attack against Buckeyes' pursuit is game's key
matchup.

No. 2 Florida (2-0) at No. 6 Tennessee (1-0)

-- Time/TV: 8/CBS. Line: Florida by 3. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: Enormous as always. Vols look to end five years
of frustration against Gators in this pivotal SEC East clash.

-- Plots and subplots: Did Tennessee's nail-biter at Syracuse
or Gators' easy tuneups provide better preparation? Tennessee's
inability to run against Florida last time was critical, but TB
Jamal Lewis is battle-tested and QB Tee Martin gives added dimension
to offense. Florida QB Jesse Palmer faces hostile Neyland Stadium
crowd.

No. 4 Kansas State (2-0) vs. Texas (1-1)

-- Time/TV: 3:30/ABC. Line: K-State by 25. Turf: Artificial.

-- The stakes: Big 12 opener for both teams is Wildcats' first
test. Longhorns hope to avert slide that began with UCLA loss
in '97.

-- Plots and subplots: Longhorns are without QB Richard Walton
(broken finger). It's Major Applewhite's first start and he will
rely on RB Ricky Williams. Lopsided wins meant limited duty for
Wildcats' first-teamers. Texas defense must contain QB Michael
Bishop.

No. 5 UCLA (1-0) at Houston (0-2)

-- Time/TV: 3:30/FX. Line: UCLA by 271/2. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: Bruins' offensive machine takes on second opponent
from Lone Star State before cross-country jaunt to Miami (Fla.).

-- Plots and subplots: While Cade McNown did nothing to damage
his Heisman credentials, Bruins' ground game hasn't suffered with
Jermaine Lewis stepping in at TB. Houston's defense has improved,
allowing 14 points in each of first two games. Turnovers and red-zone
inconsistencies have caused problems for Cougars.

No. 7 LSU (1-0) at Auburn (1-1)

-- Time/TV: 5/ESPN. Line: LSU by 41/2. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: This year's "Clash of the Tigers" is LSU's first
step on long road to SEC Championship Game. Auburn goes for second
conference win in its bid to return to Georgia Dome.

-- Plots and subplots: Auburn's defense must keep this one low
scoring. Limited quick-strike capability could make two-score
lead insurmountable for either team, but LSU's experienced offense
under QB Herb Tyler and TB Kevin Faulk might be better equipped
for comeback. Auburn needs error-free game from QB Ben Leard.

No. 8 Penn State (2-0) at Pittsburgh (1-0)

-- Time/TV: 3:30/CBS. Line: Penn State by 251/2. Turf: Artificial.

-- The stakes: Nittany Lions look to prove they still rule the
roost in western Pennsylvania before embarking on Big Ten campaign.

-- Plots and subplots: It will be up to veteran QB Matt Lytle
and his top WR Latef Grim to keep Panthers moving. LB Brandon
Short and his PSU defense don't allow much ground yardage. Penn
State TB Aaron Harris could see his first action of 1998.

No. 9 Washington (1-0) vs. Brigham Young (1-1)

-- Time/TV: 3:30/ABC. Line: Washington by 91/2. Turf: Artificial.

-- The stakes: BYU takes aim at upsetting another ranked Pac-10
team. Huskies can't afford to anticipate next week's visit to
Nebraska.

-- Plots and subplots: Return of RB Ronney Jenkins after year-long
suspension has given huge lift to BYU's offense. Cougars will
need better output from QB Kevin Feterik and repeat performance
from defense. Washington QB Brock Huard methodically produced
285 yards in last year's win at Provo. Huskies WRs Dane Looker
and Ja'Warren Hooker were banged up in Arizona State game but
should be ready.

No. 10 Virginia (2-0) vs. Clemson (1-1)

-- Time/TV: 3:30/ABC. Line: Virginia by 15. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: Cavaliers look to continue fast start with second
Atlantic Coast Conference win. Tigers face second tough opponent
from Virginia.

-- Plots and subplots: Visiting team has won last three meetings,
but Clemson must patch many holes for trend to continue. Foremost,
Tigers' offensive line must protect QB Brandon Streeter. Cavaliers'
defense has nine sacks. Two guys named Jones, UVa RB Thomas and
Clemson LB Chris, could become well acquainted. Cavaliers QB Aaron
Brooks has attempted 54 passes with no interceptions.

No. 11 Florida State (1-1) vs. Duke (2-0)

-- Time: 7. Line: FSU by 281/2. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: Seminoles hope to re-establish their dominant
presence, but they face confident Blue Devils.

-- Plots and subplots: Florida State will attempt to take charge
with TB Travis Minor and power running game. Seminoles' defense
has to turn up its pass rush against Duke's hot QB Spencer Romine.
Blue Devils TB B.J. Hill is ACC's top freshman rusher.

No. 12 Georgia (2-0) vs. Wyoming (1-0)

-- Time: 2. Line: Georgia by 181/2. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: Cowboys venture into Southeastern Conference country
to take on Bulldogs in first-ever meeting.

-- Plots and subplots: Bulldogs have yet to surrender a TD, but
Wyoming coach Dana Dimel made defense top priority. His unit anchored
by LB Brian Brown and SS Greg Van Leer could keep Cowboys in game.
Wyoming needs production from RB Marques Brigham. Georgia CB/WR
Champ Bailey now starts both ways.

No. 13 Syracuse (1-1) vs. Rutgers (1-1)

-- Time: Noon. Line: Syracuse by 42. Turf: Artificial.

-- The stakes: After big win in the "Big House," Orangemen
will get heroes' welcome as they return to Carrier Dome for Big
East opener.

-- Plots and subplots: QB Donovan McNabb and his multiple-look
attack should control things for Syracuse. Heralded freshman RB
James Mungro should see ample playing time. Rutgers QB Mike McMahon
has yet to find his groove.

No. 14 Wisconsin (2-0) vs. UNLV (0-2)

-- Time: 2. Line: Wisconsin by 38. Turf: Artificial.

-- The stakes: Badgers finish preconference slate as Rebels make
second visit to Big Ten territory.

-- Plots and subplots: RB Ron Dayne is all but assured of breaking
Billy Marek's school rushing record (he is 33 yards away). Impressive
freshman Carlos Daniels will get his share of carries as well.

No. 15 Colorado (2-0) vs. Utah State (0-2)

-- Time: 3. Line: Colorado by 22. Turf: Artificial.

-- The stakes: Big West champion Utah State continues ambitious
non-conference schedule. Colorado looks to regain Week One form.

-- Plots and subplots: Colorado came out of last week's close
call with Fresno State with several injuries, most significantly
QB Mike Moschetti (rib cage) who is questionable. WR Marcus Stiggers
(hand) is out. Aggies' defense led by LB Tony D'Amato could complicate
matters for Buffs if lineup changes are needed.

No. 16 So. California (2-0) vs. Oregon State (2-0)

-- Time: 10. Line: USC by 15. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: Is USC back? We might not know for another week.
Beavers are, er, eager to show they're no longer Pac-10 doormats.

-- Plots and subplots: DE Inoke Breckterfield and LBs Brian Rogers
and Bryan Jones are mainstays of Oregon State's defense. Unit
gets toughest challenge to date in trying to contain Trojans big-play
threats, RB Chad Morton and WR R. Jay Soward.

No. 17 Arizona (2-0) vs. Iowa (1-1)

-- Time/TV: 10/Fox Sports Net. Line: Arizona by 111/2. Turf:
Grass.

-- The stakes: Promising start to Wildcats' season resumes in
first home game. Hawkeyes must regroup quickly from Iowa State
loss.

-- Plots and subplots: Arizona hasn't lost its home opener since
15-14 defeat in 1987 -- to Iowa. But this Wildcats' group looks
sharp with RB Trung Canidate up to speed. Hawkeyes must do better
protecting QB Kyle McCann as he fills in for injured Randy Reiners
(knee).

No. 18 Texas A&M (1-1) at Southern Miss (0-1)

-- Time/TV: 3/Fox Sports Net. Line: A&M by 21/2. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: This road trip is no picnic for Aggies. Southern
Miss is solid and has rare opportunity to topple big-name team
in Hattiesburg.

-- Plots and subplots: USM has proven combination of QB Lee Roberts
and WR Sherrod Gideon, but Golden Eagles must find their running
game. Aggies will try to use RBs Dante Hall, Sirr Parker and D'Andre
Hardeman to control clock and neutralize raucous crowd.

No. 20 West Virginia (0-1) vs. Maryland (1-1)

-- Time/TV: 6/ESPN2. Line: WVU by 20. Turf: Artificial.

-- The stakes: Mounties want to make short work of Maryland.
Terrapins need to demonstrate that they have made strides.

-- Plots and subplots: As always, No. 1 assignment for Maryland
defense is containing RB Amos Zereoue, who could be due for breakout
performance. Terrapins' ground potential increased with return
from injury of RB Lamont Jordan. QB Ken Mastrole needs better
line protection.

No. 21 Virginia Tech (2-0) at Miami (Fla.) (2-0)

-- Time/TV: 8/ESPN. Line: Miami by 4. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: This is an early showdown between two Big East
rivals who could figure prominently in conference race.

-- Plots and subplots: Game's key matchup pits Miami's formidable
TB combination of Najeh Davenport and Edgerrin James against Tech's
rock-solid defense that has surrendered only a single FG. Hokies
QB Al Clark is threat to run but must improve his accuracy.

No. 23 Oregon (2-0) vs. San Jose State (1-1)

-- Time: 5. Line: Oregon by 24. Turf: Artificial.

-- The stakes: Oregon takes on its second set of Spartans this
season hoping for similar success. SJSU goes for second win over
Pac-10 foe.

-- Plots and subplots: Oregon QB Akili Smith has firm hold on
starting job, but he must beware of SJSU's secondary, which has
5 INTs. One beneficiary of Ducks' slow offensive start last week
was P Josh Bidwell, now ranked second nationally in net average.

No. 24 N.C. State (2-0) at Baylor (0-1)

-- Time/TV: 12:30. Line: N.C. State by 5. Turf: Grass.

-- The stakes: Wolfpack could benefit from long road trip as
euphoria from Florida State win subsides, but Baylor has other
ideas.

-- Plots and subplots: This will be first game played on newly
installed SportGrass surface at Floyd Casey Stadium. Baylor QB
Odell James had rocky first start at Oregon State. N.C. State
QB Jamie Barnette has thrown two or more TD passes in his last
six games.

Rest of the Top 25

No. 3 Nebraska, No. 22 Alabama and No. 25 Notre Dame are idle.

-- Lines by USA TODAY sports analyst Danny Sheridan.

CLICK HERE for continuously updated scores throughout the college
football weekend and for exclusive notebooks of every NCAA Division
I team on USA TODAY Online at: college.usatoday.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 26, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

NEIGHBORHOOD REPORTS: EAST SIDE;
Watching Patches of Green Turn to Greenbacks

BYLINE: By EDWARD LEWINE

SECTION: Section 14; Page 5; Column 3; The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 545 words


Around the East Village this week, people who garden on city-owned plots of land
were wondering whether the gardens they love had been sold, and to whom, and
what was going to be done with them.

"I can't do anything if the city sells," said Jorge Rivera, 68. "If the city
doesn't sell I will keep gardening." Mr. Rivera did not know on Thursday that
the plot he has tended on Fourth Street just west of Avenue C for the last 20
years had been sold.

"Everyone is against the sale," said Jose Rivera (no relation to Jorge), who was
sitting in his car outside the Villa Vitin Garden on Fifth Street west of Avenue
D, which had been sold for $140,000.

Open land is a hot issue downtown, and it got hotter last Monday when the city
sold 172 plots and buildings throughout the boroughs, including 23 properties
downtown, for a total of $3.98 million. Most of the downtown plots were open
land that fetched prices in excess of $100,000, with some plots going for more
than $300,000.

The auction was repeatedly disrupted by East Village protesters who said that
the land was going to developers. But until the sales become final, which could
take a month, the identities of the new owners remain a secret. Developers,
politicians and community advocates, however, agreed that prices for land in the
East Village were surging because of a demand for housing.

"Two years ago it would have been people buying for speculation," said Robert
Perl, who has been an East Village broker and developer for 15 years and who
said he knows some people who bought at Monday's auction. "Now they are buying
with the intent to build soon."

Shaya Boymelgreen, a developer who is now renting apartments in a new building
he constructed on Second Street and Avenue B, sat down with a calculator and
explained why empty land in the East Village was worth so much. By his figuring,
a seven-unit apartment building on most brownstone-sized plots can earn around
$250,000 a year in rent. Even with taxes and mortgages, that's good money.

"So you are going to earn $125,000 a year," he said. "Why not do it?"

But contrary to the common assumption, a few plots were bought not by developers
but by groups of local residents who wanted to preserve a garden or open space.

"We felt so happy that we got the place," said Catherine Kord, one of five
neighbors who paid $63,000 for a plot on Seventh Street, east of Avenue C. "But
with all the drama going on there at the auction we felt out of touch with a lot
of the people."

What Ms. Kord meant was that many in pro-gardening circles are against the very
idea of the city selling land that, they say, was already paid for by the
efforts of those who worked it.

"It was the community members through sweat equity who made these places
beautiful," said Vivian Miller of the New York City Community Garden Coalition.
"Suddenly you watch some stranger buy this plot you have worked so hard for."

Which is exactly what happened to Mr. Rivera. But he was stoic about the sale of
his little garden, which he had named the Fourth Street Casita Garden. It was
sold for $170,000.

"It is a lot of money," said Mr. Rivera, who lives alone on his pensions. "I
hope they will give me time to get my tools out of there."   EDWARD LEWINE

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: "What a Garden Goes For"
These four properties were included in an auction by New York City last Monday.
But while the city called the five sites vacant lots, an activist group said the
sites are gardens that should be preserved.

Activists' name                         Size               Price

   for the site             (in square feet)
1.Villa Vitin Garden                   2,100            $140,000
2.Lower East Side
   Hispanic Committee
   Incorporated Garden                 2,100            $160,000
3.Unnamed                                833             $63,000
4.Fourth Street
   Casita Garden                       2,100            $170,000


Map of the East Side of Manhattan.

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            January 15, 2007 Monday
                              Correction Appended

Coura ge and passion in the face of adversity;
Martin Luther King Jr. faced constant abuse and threats, including two alleged
plots to kill the civil rights leader here in the Miami Valley.

BYLINE: By Khalid Moss Staff Writer

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 512 words


Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated in Memphis in 1968.

But four years earlier, there was an alleged plot to slay King here in Ohio.

On the morning of June 10, 1964, Greene County Sheriff Russell A. Bradley
received a suspicious phone call. The unidentified female caller informed
Bradley of a plot by the local chapter of the Ku Klux Klan "to assassinate Dr.
Martin Luther King," who was scheduled to speak at Wilberforce University that
evening.

"We checked several bouquets of flowers before they were taken into Shorter
Hall," Bradley later told the Dayton Daily News Greene County Bureau. "But Dr.
King didn't take it too seriously. He indicated he was used to such calls."

A year later, during King's visit to Antioch College, assassination rumors
resurfaced. This time the threat had more teeth because the scheme was confirmed
- under oath before Congress - by the intended trigger-man.

According to a 1965 report from the Dayton Daily News Washington Bureau, King
was targete for assassination in Yellow Srings on June 19, 1965, as he adressed
commencement exercises at Antioch College. Daniel Wagner, the 19 year-old
confessed conspirator, told the House Un-American Activities Committee he
planned the killing with Cincinnati Klanswoman Eloise Witte and was instructed
to use a rifle furnished b a Daytonian identified only as "Mr. Davis." Wagner
was to be assisted by 10 gunmen who would "fire into the crowd at the outdoor
commencement services while I (Wagner) shot King in the head.

"The plot was called off when W itte told me she couldn't organize the 10
shooters because of hr work at the same time with the Ku Klux Klan in South
Lebanon," Wagner testified.

King was a lightning rod for hrassment and abuse. In addition to vicious
encounters with fir ehoses, snarling dogs, billy clubs and tear gas, King's
house was bombed, he was punched at a Selma, Ala., diner, struck by a rock in
Chicago, stabbed in Harlem, brutalized by law enforcement officials in
Mississippi and arrested more than 150 times. All for the cause of freedom.

On April 4, 1968, at 6:01 a.m., an assassin's bullet extinguished the life, but
not the dream, of the idealistic preacher from Atlanta.

Antioch College librarian/ historian Scott Sanders said it's ironic that Antioch
- a bastion of liberalism and Coretta Scott King's alma mater - would be the
backdrop for a plot to kill the man who stood for peace and nonviolence. "I
didn't know about the Yellow Springs plot," Sanders said. "What I do know about
that day at Antioch is there was an enormous amount of security. There were
state, county and local police all over the place and probably some feds
sprinkled in. People who were there that day said they never saw so much
security anywhere, let alone in Yellow Springs. And now, just now, maybe we know
why."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2167 or kmoss@DaytonDailyNews.com.

Additional research by Staff Artist MB Hopkins and Assistant Director of News
Research Phillip Elam.

? More coverage, including interactive timeline and audio and video clips,

at DaytonDailyNews.com/king

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: January 16, 2007



CORRECTION: * In Monday's edition, Life section, Pages D8-9, a story headlined
"Courage and passion in the face of adversity" should have said Martin Luther
King Jr. was assassinated in Memphis at 6:01 p.m., April 4, 1968.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                        May 3, 2004 Monday Final Edition

Fine Tuning - Today on TV: Digging deep for reality on Family Plots

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

BYLINE: Alex Strachan

SECTION: Arts; Fine Tuning - Today on TV; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 379 words

The plot thickens on Family Plots, the wry reality series that plays like a
real-life Six Feet Under crossed with The Addams Family, as filmed by a
cinema-verite documentary crew (9 p.m. on A&E).

Shonna Smith, head mortician and chief embalmer at San Diego's Poway Bernardo
Mortuary, prefers to stay in the back room and prepare the dead instead of
organizing funerals with the living. She gets too emotionally involved, you see.

Tonight, however, she has to do everything herself, after funeral assistant
Chuck Wissmiller is suffering from memory loss and keeps losing the money he
needs to buy a new car. A former boxer, he has a really, really bad temper,
which is what every funeral home needs.

The family in Family Plots is nothing like the family in Six Feet Under, of
course. Reality has a way of trumping fiction. Besides, Shonna has never even
seen Six Feet Under.

"The way I see it, I get Six Feet Under all day long here," she says.

Tonight's new episode will be followed by a repeat of the Family Plots premiere,
in which Shonna was given 30 minutes to get a body into its casket and to the
funeral before all hell broke loose. It never ends, in other words. Even after
death.

* First Light, VisionTV's visually splendid documentary series about Tuscany and
the dawn of the Renaissance (9 p.m.), takes a decidedly un-Apprentice-like
approach to everyone's favourite subject, money, in a look at what happened
following the fall of the Roman Empire.

The episode recalls how international trade ground to a halt following Rome's
collapse, until Pope Innocent III launched the first of several crusades to win
back the Holy Land for Christendom. Roads were repaired across Europe, not to
facilitate trade so much as to enable the crusaders to reach Jerusalem without
suffering the indignity of a bumpy ride along the way.

-Charlie (Charlie Sheen) sleeps with someone he isn't supposed to -- his best
buddy's divorce attorney (Heather Locklear) -- on Two and a Half Men (9:30 p.m.
on CBS). Quick, someone call CNN.

- The Fox network has added a last-minute special to tonight's menu, the self
explanatory American Idol: The Final Five 2004 (8 p.m. on Fox and CTV). Because,
let's face it, there isn't nearly enough American Idol on TV these days.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 1, 1993, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

9th Held in Bomb Plot as Tie Is Made to a 1991 Murder

BYLINE: By MARY B. W. TABOR

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 909 words


A ninth suspect was arrested yesterday in the plot to bomb targets throughout
New York City. At the same time, law-enforcement officials said one of the
original suspects, Clement Rodney Hampton-El, has been considered a prime
suspect in a 1991 murder in Brooklyn that has become a focal point for
investigators trying to unravel the two recent terrorist cases in New York.

The new suspect, Earl Gant, a 27-year-old Philadelphia man who had discussed
supplying explosives for the foiled plot, was arrested at his home in West
Philadelphia about 4 P.M., the F.B.I. said. Mr. Gant, also known as Abdul Rashid
and Abdul Jalil, was charged with conspiracy to transport explosives in
interstate commerce. F.B.I. agents were still searching his home last night.

A neighbor who lives four doors away, Geraldine Mitchell, described Mr. Gant
last night as a devout Muslim black from Puerto Rico. He dressed in the
traditional Muslim garb and washed his hands and feet with water every morning
on his front stoop, she said, and sold incense, perfumed oil and firecrackers.

Sought Explosives

Law-enforcement officials described Mr. Gant as a minor figure in the case. They
also said discussions continued on whether to arrest Sheik Omar Abdel-Rahman,
the fiery Egyptian preacher who investigators believe knew of the plot
beforehand.

A Federal complaint charged that on May 19, Mr. Gant met in Philadelphia with
Siddig Ibrahim Siddig Ali, the man accused of being the ringleader in the
bombing plot, who was seeking explosives to build a bomb. Afterward, Mr. Siddig
Ali told a Government informant, Emad Salem, who had accompanied him to
Philadelphia, that Mr. Gant could obtain a "powerful explosive."

On May 25, Mr. Siddig Ali said that another one of his sources for explosives,
Mr. Hampton-El, who was arrested last week, could provide two grenades, but he
was still waiting to hear from Mr. Gant about the explosives, according to the
complaint. Four days later, Mr. Siddig Ali called Mr. Salem to say he had no
news from Philadelphia, according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

8 Held Without Bail

On June 6, Mr. Siddig Ali elaborated further on his plans, saying he told Mr.
Gant that the explosives he was to supply were to be used for "protection."
F.B.I. agents refused to explain further at a news conference in Philadelphia
last night.

The arrest came as law-enforcement officials said that Mr. Hampton-El, a revered
Muslim figure in Brooklyn who fought in Afghanistan, has been considered a prime
suspect in the 1991 murder of Mustafa Shalabi, a Brooklyn man who raised
millions of dollars and recruits for Afghan rebels.

The murder was never solved but the officials said information from the
confidential informant in the bombing plot could help them solve the case.
Mahmud Abouhalima, a prime suspect in the World Trade Center bombing, is also
considered an important suspect in the slaying. The officials would not
elaborate on the status of the case.

The murder of Mr. Shalabi, who was an Egyptian immigrant, illuminated tensions
within Brooklyn's Arab neighborhood. It has become a major point of interest to
investigators examining the World Trade Center bombing, the foiled plot to blow
up the United Nations, Hudson River tunnels and the Federal building in
Manhattan and the 1990 slaying of the militant Rabbi Meir Kahane. All four
cases, they contend, touch largely on the same pool of suspects and Islamic
militancy.

Investigators had previously linked Mr. Abouhalima to the Shalabi murder. But
this week they confirmed that Mr. Hampton-El, an X-ray technician, has long been
under investigation in the case. Mr. Abouhalima has denied any connection to the
killing. Mr. Hampton-El's lawyer, Ken Wasserman, did not return phone calls
seeking comment.

Both men were deemed suspects because of their involvement in a bitter dispute
in which several members in Brooklyn's Arab neighborhood accused Mr. Shalabi of
stealing up to $2 million intended for the rebels.

Mr. Hampton-El, like Mr. Abouhalima, sided with Mr. Shalabi's accusers,
including a Brooklyn imam, Fawaz Damrah, and Sheik Abdel-Rahman, people
connected to the mosque say.

Mr. Hampton-El, known as Dr. Rashid and described by other worshippers as being
very close to Mr. Damrah, pressed Mr. Shalabi to discuss the dispute. Mr.
Shalabi refused. Tensions mounted, investigators say, and culminated in the
murder. Investigators ruled out a robbery as a motive.

"From the beginning, his name came up," said one official familiar with the
case, referring to Mr. Hampton-El. "He was part of a group that was looking to
have a sit-down with Shalabi about the funds."

Associates of Mr. Hampton-El said that, even before the Shalabi murder, he told
them he was under some kind of surveillance because of his reputation for
militancy.

Law-enforcement officials said Mr. Hampton-El, who injured his leg while
fighting for the Afghan resistance, has connections to al-Fuqra, an Islamic sect
linked to violence in the United States and Canada. And as a respected figure
who helped rid his neighborhood of drugs, Mr. Hampton-El may have given his
blessing to murders and bank robberies, law-enforcement officials say. They say
he has no criminal record.

But local Arabs said the burly 55-year-old man and other Muslim blacks were
often called to provide security for Arab-owned shops and mosques, to deter drug
dealers or other undesirables.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            March 12, 2011 Saturday

BYLINE: KAREN HERZOG Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 501 words


Planning is under way for this year's community gardens in Mandan and Bismarck.

Last year, some 50 plots were taken for the Mandan Community Gardens along
Memorial Highway near the Mandan soccer fields, said Jackie Buckley, North
Dakota State Universityextension agent for Morton County.

Those interested in participating in the Mandan Community Gardens for the coming
season are invited to the first meeting of the season. The meeting is at 5:30
p.m. March 28 at the Morton County Courthouse, 210 Second Ave. N.W., Mandan, and
is open to anyone interested in becoming part of this year's community gardens.

The Mandan Community Garden plots are 20-by-20 feet. A deposit of $25 and a
rental fee of $25 are required to hold a spot. Remaining spots will be given on
a first-come, first-served basis.

The community garden is a cooperative project of the Mandan Park District, the
Mandan Fire Department, the city of Mandan, Morton County and North Dakota State
University Extension Morton County.

In Bismarck, the 2011 Bismarck Community Gardens and Hunger Gardens are located
just west of the Municipal Ballpark, south of Memorial Highway and east of
Hannifin Street.

Bismarck Parks and Recreation Department provides the land and staff who prepare
the soil in the spring and till it again in the fall. Parks and Recreation also
provides garbage container use and garbage pick-up at the garden site throughout
the growing season.

Community Gardens board volunteers organize the plots, sign-ups and activities
at the garden.

Plots are open on a first-come, first-served basis, with priority given to those
who rented plots last year. Plots are 10-by-10-feet and cost $10 for the season.
Renters are responsible for planting, keeping their plots watered and weeded and
for cleaning up at the end of the season.

Those who had plots last year will be contacted by mail soon. Others who did not
have plots last year and who are interested in a plot this year should contact
volunteer coordinator Kent Morrow at 255-1344.

A small number of plots will be available to those who wish to grow food for the
Creating a Hunger-Free North Dakota Hunger Garden Program and donate their
produce to area food agencies, said volunteer coordinator Karen Ehrens. All area
gardeners are encouraged to plant an extra row to donate some produce, Ehrens
said.

Last year, Bismarck-Mandan area gardeners donated more than 16,000 pounds of
produce to area food agencies, and this year coordinators hope to reach 20,000
pounds.

Hunger Garden plots are 20-by-20-feet; those interested in Hunger Garden plots
should contact Ehrens at 223-2616.

For more information on the Community Gardens, visit http://bismarckgardens.org.

Members who wish to rent last year's Mandan Community Gardens plots should
contact Buckley immediately at jackie.buckley@ndsu.edu

New members may contact either Buckley at 667-3340 or Sue Balcom at 667-0122, to
reserve a spot or for more information.

(Reach reporter Karen Herzog at 250-8267 or karen.herzog@bismarcktribune.com)

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Hobart Mercury

                            March 8, 2006 Wednesday

Man who could have stopped 9/11

BYLINE: ADAM HARVEY

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 306  words


ZACARIAS Moussaoui condemned almost 3000 people to death when he refused to
reveal details of al-Qaida's September 11, 2001 plot, a US court heard
yesterday.

A jury has begun hearing evidence to decide whether to order the death penalty
or life imprisonment for 37-year-old French citizen Moussaoui, the only person
convicted over the 2001 attacks.

Prosecutor Rob Spencer told the jurors in Alexandria, Virginia, they were
looking at the one person who could have stopped the carnage.

''Killers were among us that day and for months before that -- killers that
lived among us in the US, waiting and planning to slit our throats and crash our
planes,'' Spencer said. ''One of them is among us still, and that is Zacarias
Moussaoui.''

Moussaoui was in custody on September 11. He had been arrested nearly one month
before the attacks on the World Trade Centre and the Pentagon that killed 2972
people after a Minnesota flight instructor reported concerns about him.

He was questioned repeatedly by the FBI but did not reveal any details of the
plot.

''He lied so the plot could proceed unimpeded,'' Spencer said. ''With that lie,
he caused the deaths of nearly 3000 people. He rejoiced in the death and
destruction.''

Prosecutors believe Moussaoui was to have been the 20th hijacker, and knew
crucial details about the attacks.

He has always argued that he was destined for a separate attack that never
eventuated. His lawyers say he did not know of the 9/11 plot because other
al-Qaida members viewed him as ''cuckoo''.

Moussaoui's mother, Aicha el-Wafi, watched proceedings from an adjacent room and
wept as the prosecutor outlined the reasons why he should die. Earlier, she
expressed her sadness over the September 11 attacks.

About 200 relatives of 9/11 victims viewed the proceedings from courtrooms in
Manhattan, Boston, Newark and Philadelphia.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MER


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                August 13, 1984

VERSATEC, INC.
Models 7222, 7422, 7224, 7424 plotters

SECTION: SYSTEMS & PERIPHERALS; PRINTERS/PLOTTERS; Pg. 88

LENGTH: 174 words


Versatec, Inc., a Xerox Corp. company, has added four models to its 7000 family
of plotters.

Models 7222 and 7422 plot on 22-in. -wide media, and Models 7224 and 7424 plot
on 24-in.-wide media, the company said. Models in the 7200 series plot at 200
point/in., and models in the 7400 series plot at 400 point/in., the company
said.

An adjustable plot speed control permits the operator or host processor to set
the speed from .125 in./sec to a rated speed of 1.5 in./sec (7200 series),
enabling 24-in. models to plot up to 15 sq ft/min, the company said.

Maximum accumulated error of a plot is c.15%, horizontal and vertical.

The models use standard voltages and demand less power, said to be reduced from
1,600W to 600W.

The 7000 series plotters are intended to meet meantime between failure of 4,000
power-on hours.

The Model 7222 and 7224 cost $26,200; and the Model 7422 and 7424 cost $35,900,
the vendor said. Shipments of the plotters are scheduled for November.

Versatec, 2710 Walsh Ave., Santa Clara, Calif. 95051.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 Computerworld, Inc.


                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           October 30, 2010 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Extremists have always looked to the skies;
OTHER PLOTS

BYLINE: Tom Whitehead

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 469 words


TERRORISTS bent on mass slaughter have regularly turned to aircraft to aid in
their plots, from blowing them up in mid-air to using them as weapons.

Long before 9/11, the world's worst terrorist attack, aircraft had been at the
centre of outrages.

In 1988 Pan Am flight 103 was blown up over the small town of Lockerbie in
Scotland, killing 270 people, including 11 on the ground.

Abdelbaset Al Megrahi, a Libyan, was the only man convicted for the attack, in
which a bomb was planted on board. His release from a Scottish jail on health
grounds last year started an international outcry.

But the more modern brand of Islamic terrorism has brought a new dimension to
airline plots with killers prepared to board plane and become suicide bombers.

One of al-Qaeda's earlier attempts for a mass airborne attack was the Bojinka
plot in 1995 when terrorists planned to blow up 12 airliners, killing around
4,000 passengers, as they flew from Asia to the United States.

One of the key men behind the plot was Khalid Sheikh Mohammed who went on to
mastermind the 9/11 attack on the US. On September 11, 2001, al-Qaeda, funded by
Osama bin Laden, flew two passenger planes in to the Twin Towers of the World
Trade Centre in New York killing almost 3,000 people.

Beyond the sheer scale of the outrage that stunned the world, it marked a
turning point as the planes had been used as weapons rather than having
explosives on board.

Airline security was never the same again.

Later that year, Richard Reid, from London, revealed yet another tactic as he
tried to detonate explosives hidden in his shoe while on a flight to Miami.

Despite failing to trigger the explosives Reid, currently serving a life
sentence in America, became known as the "shoe bomber" and his plot led to many
airports demanding passengers remove their footwear as they pass through
security.

Last year Umar Farouk Abdul Mutallab tried to blow up Northwest Airlines Flight
253 from Amsterdam to Detroit.

It is believed that Mutallab had moulded a quantity of explosive powder to his
body, sewn into his underwear and then attempted to detonate the device using a
liquid chemical in a syringe.

Officials believe that a catastrophe was averted only because the makeshift
detonator failed to work. The largest plot since 9/11, however, was the
so-called "liquid bomb" plot in 2006 when al-Qaeda terrorists planned to target
several transatlantic airliners.

The gang planned to disguise bombs in soft drinks bottles and researched seven
flights from Heathrow to the US and Canada.

But police believe an even larger operation was planned after the gang was
bugged and heard discussing as many as 18 suicide attacks.

The plot, which could have seen a death toll of up to 10,000, resulted in severe
restrictions on liquids on planes.

A total of 11 people were eventually convicted.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 1 The aftermath of the Lockerbie bombing in December 1988 2 The 9/11
attacks 3 Richard Reid, who became known as the 'shoe bomber' 4 A video still of
Umar Farouk Abdul Mutallab, who tried to detonate explosives on a flight to
Detroit, at a training camp in Yemen 5 Evidence collected in connection with the
'liquid bomb' plot in 2006, which could have resulted in a death toll of up to
10,000
REUTERS/AP/PA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2010 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                           March 20, 1997, Thursday,

UNE STUDENTS PLAN TO STUDY IMPACT ON RIVER WATERSHED

SECTION: YORK COUNTY EXTRA, Pg. 3E, PUBLIC INTEREST

LENGTH: 764 words

DATELINE: BIDDEFORD


Nine students from the University of New England have joined together for a
community service learning project aimed at better understanding the human
impact on the York River Watershed.

The project will also involve community officials and interest groups,
environmentalists, and UNE professors. Their goal is to develop and implement a
biological and sociological assessment of the watershed for future planning
purposes.

Initially, students will survey York residents to determine how the community
feels about the York River waterway, and what they believe should be done with
the waterway in the future. The students will also assess the microbial and
invertebrate populations of the watershed. The course work will culminate with a
final report prepared for the York town planner.

Romoser is panelist at scholars' conference

ELIOT - George K. Romoser was a panelist at the 27th Annual Scholars' Conference
on the Holocaust and the Churches in Tampa, FL.

Romoser spoke on ''Theses of a Cultural and Artistic Revolt Against Modernity in
the Diagnosis of Nazi Totalitarianism'' on the panel, ''Historical Findings of
the Holocaust Era.''

Habitat for Humanity sets York County walks

KENNEBUNK - Habitat for Humanity York County has scheduled several Walks For
Humanity at the following locations:

Kennebunk - March 28, 9 a.m. to 3 p.m., meet at West Kennebunk United Methodist
Church

Saco - April 5, 8 a.m. to 10 a.m., meet at Saco United Baptist Church

Eliot - April 5, 8 a.m. to 10 a.m., meet at Eliot Congregational Church

For more information on participating call 985-4850.

York Extension offers community garden plots

SANFORD - Community Garden plots are available for this spring at the York
County Extension Office on Shaw's Ridge Road.

Plots are available, 10-by-25-feet, with access to water, tools, and hay mulch.
The plots are rototilled, manured, and limed according to the University soil
test recommendations.

The fee for this year is $ 15, and funds will be used for garden purchases.
Plots will be available in mid-April and may be used until the end of September.

Plots will be given out on a first-come, first-served basis. For more
information call 324-2814 or 1-800-287-1535.

April 12 Dance-A-Thon will aid aging agency

WELLS - The Trailblazers Family Club will sponsor its 4th Annual Line
Dance-A-Thon from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. April 12 at the Club on Bill's Lane to
benefit the Southern Maine Area Agency on Aging.

Those participants who would like to raise pledges to benefit SMAAA, entry to
the dance-a-thon is free. To raise pledges, dancers must commit to dancing at
least two hours, and those dancers who raise $ 100 or more in pledges will
receive a free t-shirt. For non-pledge dancers, entry fee is $ 3.

One hundred percent of the pledges raised will benefit SMAAA.

The Trailblazers are currently seeking dance instructors who are willing to
donate their time to this event. For more information, or for pledge forms,
contact Kathy Chase at 646-2118, Kay Bourassa at 646-3153, or Charlene Hill at
646-3377.

Towns' Girl Scout troop conducting bottle drive

WELLS - The Wells-Ogunquit Girl Scout Troop is conducting a bottle drive through
April 5 in the towns of Wells and Ogunquit.

Residents interested in donating their bottles or cans may arrange to have their
returnables collected by the Girl Scouts by calling 646-5646 or may opt to drop
their returnables off at The Bottle Shop on Route 1.

Proceeds are to benefit the Troop's upcoming trip to a June Camporee.

Sidewalk Arts Festival

set for Saco on June 28

SACO - The Saco Sidewalk Arts Festival will be held June 28 downtown.

More than 175 artists will be on hand from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. to display a variety
of artwork, sculpture, and photography. About $ 12,000 in cash prizes will be
awarded, including Best of Show, First Runner Up, and four Merit Awards in the
Art Category. A Photography and Sculpture Award will be given, and Purchase
Prizes are bought by area businesses and individuals to be awarded.

Applications will be accepted on original framed works of art. All paintings,
watercolors, graphics, photographs, and silk screening must be framed or matted,
and displayed in a suitable portfolio or stand. Competition artwork must be
available for all prizes, and may be ''sold'' for a minimum of $ 250.

All applications must be postmarked by May 31, and accompanied with an entry fee
of $ 40. For more information, or an application, contact the Saco Sidewalk Arts
Festival Committee at P.O. Box 336, Saco, 04072.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1997 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 28, 1984, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

GUATEMALAN REPORTS FOILED PLOT

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section 1; Page 4, Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 356 words

DATELINE: GUATEMALA, Jan. 27


A Guatemalan security officer said today that the military Government foiled a
planned coup this month in which a group of retired generals hired an assassin
in Miami to kill the chief of state, Gen. Oscar Mejia Victores.

A Guatemalan Army press spokesman, Edgar Djalma Dominguez, declined to comment
on the report.

The security official said in an interview that the generals, who had been
forced to retire by a new military law, met in mid-January at a hotel in a Fort
Lauderdale, Fla., to plan General Mejia Victores's overthrow. The official said
they withdrew money from Miami bank accounts to hire a killer and bribe top
military commanders to join the plot.

The official refused to say which of 10 generals and 25 colonels forcibly
retired in December were instrumental in the plot.

He said the generals believed they could take advantage of the chaos caused by
the killing, which they believed would deepen a split between older and younger
officers.

No Arrests Made

None of the officers were arrested, and most are believed to be abroad.

''We know exactly what they were doing,'' the security official said. ''But how
do you prove a conspiracy?''

The official said the plot was uncovered when several base commanders informed
military intelligence about the plan to kill General Mejia Victores, who took
power in a coup Aug. 8.

He did not say whether the purported assassin, hired in Miami, had come to
Guatemala. He said not a single commander had joined the plot.

Coup rumors were so strong here two weeks ago that the United States Ambassador,
Frederick Chapin, warned in a news conference that Washington ''does not support
military coups.''

Vinicio Cerezo, head of the opposition Christian Democratic Party, said in an
interview that most politicians had heard reports of the plot. He said he had
heard that the former army Chief of Staff, Mario Lopez Fuentez, was called back
to Guatemala from Italy to play a leading role in the takeover.

But General Lopez Fuentes, now the Ambassador to Rome, has said in interviews
that he returned to Guatemala last week to visit his sick mother.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Australia a target for terror plots going viral;
Talking point

BYLINE: Jacinta Carroll and Anthony Bergin - Jacinta Carroll is head,
counter-terrorism policy centre, Australian Strategic Policy Institute. Anthony
Bergin is deputy director at ASPI.

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 715 words


The NSW Joint Counter Terrorism Team announced two arrests on charges of
financing terrorism on Tuesday. One was a 20-year-old male who was part of the
original Operation Appleby disruptions in September 2014. At the time, these
high-profile overt actions attracted some criticism for only resulting in two
arrests; Tuesday's charges bring the total number of arrests to 14.

Appleby illustrates the delicate balance between disrupting terrorist plots to
save lives - as occurred in 2014 - and making arrests on evidence of criminal
action, which may only occur some time later.

There's been a significant increase in terrorist plots against the West,
including Australia, in the past two years. Since 2014 Islamic State (ISIS) has
been tied to at least 75 plots against Western countries, with the United States
the group's main target.

That's the key finding of the report, Terror Gone Viral, released this month by
the US House Committee on Homeland Security. In 2014 there were 19 ISIS-linked
plots against the West. But last year the figure more than doubled to 48.

The high success rate - with more than 40 per cent of total plots executed -
indicates the group will likely continue to initiate frequent attacks.

More than one-third of ISIS-linked terror plots were aimed at the United States
or its interests overseas.

These include the San Bernardino shooting in December last year, which killed 14
and injured many more, an attempted ISIS-inspired attack in Garland, Texas,
outside a Prophet Muhammad cartoon contest, and numerous attempts to attack New
York City landmarks.

ISIS-inspired attacks targeting the West aren't only growing in number. They're
getting deadlier. In the second half of 2014, an average of one individual died
in each successful attack. In the first half of last year the average death toll
rose to 11.

The report notes that US counter-terrorism agencies are increasingly concerned
terrorists are "going dark": ISIS-linked attackers are encrypting communications
or making data inaccessible to authorities. It found that the line between
inspired and directed plots is getting blurrier: an individual can start off
self-radicalised and later gain ties with ISIS.

The study found that ISIS is successfully "crowd-sourcing" its terrorism agenda
by inspiring independent followers to conduct most of its attacks.

The majority of cases involve only a single suspect, some element of online
radicalisation or engagement with ISIS's digital propaganda. But so-called
lone-actor terrorists typically aren't acting alone: they're found to be engaged
with ISIS overseas.

The study notes that terrorists overwhelmingly opt to use easily accessible
weapons, such as knives or guns, over explosives.

At least one-third of ISIS-linked plots against the West involved an individual
who's gone abroad to train or fight in a terrorist safe haven. The report
indicates this estimate is low as accomplice roles aren't always clear.

The US study confirms that Syrian refugee flows and fake passports are being
exploited by ISIS to deploy terrorists to Western countries.

There are several key messages in this latest US study on the 75 ISIS-linked
plots against the West over the last two years for Australia's counter-terrorism
strategy.

Australia is ranked equal-third with the United Kingdom as a target of ISIS, of
those 22 countries attacked by ISIS outside the Syria-Iraq conflict zone.

We can continue to expect more attacks, underscoring the current terrorist
threat level of "probable".

The list of countries targeted belies the argument that ISIS will leave you
alone if you stay out of the coalition operations in Syria-Iraq: Spain,
Indonesia, Kosovo and Switzerland all feature on the list.

The report confirms Australia is right to be concerned about foreign fighters
playing a role in directing or participating in attacks back home. Our 110 known
living foreign fighters remain a problem.

The trend towards a high success rate of executed plots underscores the critical
importance of disrupting plots. The rapid turn-around time of those radicalising
and willing to use violence, as well as the number of plots, are placing extreme
demands on Australia's investigative capacity.

We need a counter-terrorism approach that provides effective powers and means to
disrupt terrorist plots.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                              June 23, 2013 Sunday

Numbers game muddies NSA surveillance debate;
Intelligence officials citing a wide range of numbers to show importance of NSA
spy programs

SECTION: A; Pg.5

LENGTH: 957  words


WASHINGTON (AP) - Seeking to win back public trust, the Obama administration has
been throwing around a lot of numbers as it tries to describe - in as much
detail as possible without jeopardizing national security- the terror plots it
says were thwarted by the government's sweeping surveillance of U.S.
communications.

There's 702, 215, 90, 50, 20, 12, 10 and four.

The numbers game is just part of the effort to convince skeptical Americans that
the recently disclosed National Security Agency spy programs are vital in
detecting and stopping extremist plots. But the approach has produced relatively
limited, often vague information, and it has ended up confusing many in Congress
as lawmakers grapple with how to assure people that their privacy rights are
protected along with their security.

There are questions about effectiveness that still lack answers, "and we've
gotten some answers that need further clarity," House Intelligence Committee
member Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., said Thursday. He was referring to the
so-called 215 program, which refers to the section of the anti-terror Patriot
Act that authorizes the NSA to collect Americans' phone records.

And, he added, "we also should ask in those cases where it was successful, how
dated were the records."

Another NSA program - known as 702 - authorizes the agency to sweep up Internet
usage data from all over the world that goes through nine major U.S.-based
providers.

Officials have used the rest of the numbers in Capitol Hill testimony over the
past week as they have sought to allay Americans' concerns that the programs
violate their privacy.

Top officials told Congress that the programs have been key in thwarting at
least 50 terror plots across 20 countries. And, they said, an estimated 10 to 12
of those plots were directed at the U.S. They publicly offered four examples
among the 50-plus cases:


     ·    An NSA-provided phone record led authorities to identify a terrorist
          financier in San Diego who was arrested in 2007.
     ·    The NSA's surveillance of Internet usage in 2009 revealed that a
          Chicago man, David Headley, was plotting to bomb a Danish newspaper
          that had published a cartoon of the prophet Muhammad, Deputy FBI
          Director Sean Joyce said. The FBI had been tipped off that Headley was
          involved in the deadly 2008 Mumbai terror attacks.



     ·    Information from the NSA's Internet usage surveillance of overseas
          operatives helped thwart a 2009 plot to blow up the New York City
          subway system. NSA Director General Keith Alexander said this
          information led investigators to Najibullah Zazi in Colorado. And the
          phone records collection gave investigators the connections between
          Zazi and his associates. Zazi ultimately pleaded guilty and provided
          information that helped send two of his friends to prison.



     ·    A plot to blow up the New York Stock Exchange was thwarted in its
          early planning stages because the NSA was able identify an extremist
          in Yemen who was in touch with Khalid Ouazzani in Kansas City, Mo.,
          Joyce said.


This enabled investigators to identify co-conspirators and prevent the attack he
said. Ouazzani pleaded guilty in May 2010 in federal court in Missouri to
charges of conspiracy to provide material support to a terrorist organization,
bank fraud and money laundering. Ouazzani was not charged with the alleged plot
against the stock exchange.

The administration has yet to provide firm numbers of precisely how many plots
have been stopped worldwide because of these programs - in part because
intelligence officials are still trying to figure that out.

On Wednesday, outgoing FBI Director Robert Mueller told the Senate Judiciary
Committee that there are 10 to 12 cases in which the phone records surveillance
program, authorized in the Patriot Act, contributed to breaking up terror plots.

He said that "of those, domestically, I think there will be anywhere from 10 or
12 where 215 was important in some way, shape or form."

But later in the same hearing, Mueller said he's not actually sure if it was the
phone records authorization that helped thwart terror attacks in the 10 to 12
cases.

"I'm not sure whether all of them are 215. They're a combination or the other,"
Mueller said, referring to the phone records program and Internet usage
programs.

The FBI could not immediately clarify Mueller's comments Thursday.

The confusion has, predictably, given rise to demands for more transparency by
the intelligence agencies.

A growing number of Democratic and Republican lawmakers are pushing plans to
open secret court orders authorizing the surveillance. Schiff, who filed House
legislation on Thursday to match a similar Senate proposal, said it aimed at
"allowing Americans to know how the court has interpreted the legal authorities"
to ensure they are not being overly or improperly intrusive.

Additionally, a group of mostly Democratic senators are seeking to amend the
Patriot Act to require the government to cite specific suspected links to
terrorism or espionage before asking the secretive Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Court to approve the collection of Americans' phone records.

But the legislation isn't likely to be approved quickly, and confusion continues
to hang over Congress and its constituents.

Noting frustration, Republican House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers
said trying to balance support for classified intelligence programs against a
transparent democracy is always a challenge. But all concerned agree the current
situation has fueled public skepticism.

"The public trusts their government to protect the country from another
9/11-type attack," Rogers said this week, "but that trust can start to wane when
they are faced with inaccuracies, half-truths and outright lies about the way
the intelligence programs are being run."

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 3, 2009 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

With Demise of Jewish Burial Societies, Resting Places Are in Turmoil

BYLINE: By PAUL VITELLO

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1123 words


Someone was buried in Florence Marmor's grave, and it was not Florence Marmor.

When Mrs. Marmor visited her deceased husband's cemetery plot in Flushing,
Queens, one afternoon, she found that someone had been freshly buried in the
spot next to his, where she had planned to rest someday. No one could tell her
why.

Strange and wrenching discoveries like that have sprung up repeatedly in Jewish
communities over the past few decades as families have discovered that the
cemetery properties where they expected to be buried among spouses, children and
parents are caught in a legal knot that no one can untangle.

The reason: the Jewish burial societies that sold the gravesites no longer have
administrators. Founded by the immigrant ancestors of the people caught in this
bind, the societies, in effect, have died.

The problem has mainly plagued New York, Boston and other Northeastern cities
where Jews arrived at the turn of the last century from Eastern Europe, bringing
with them the tradition of dues-paying societies -- usually organized by people
from the same hometown -- that bought and maintained cemetery plots.

Besides reducing burial costs, the societies held periodic meetings that became
important social events for networking and keeping up with others from similar
roots. Robust for decades, the associations lost members as descendants grew
affluent, moved away and left a dwindling, aging few to keep the books and the
cemetery lots in order.

Until recently, few religious or government officials took notice. But an
accrual of painful scenes has convinced some of the need for intervention.

''There isn't a week that goes by that we don't have problems with this,'' said
Richard Fishman, director of the New York State Division of Cemeteries, charged
with regulating burial plots. ''A person dies, and they can't get buried because
there is no one left to sign the papers, or the guy in charge is 99 years old
and in a nursing home.''

There are no exact figures, but officials like Mr. Fishman and leaders of Jewish
organizations estimate that while 20,000 or more burial societies once
flourished in the Northeast, managing plots in hundreds of Jewish cemeteries,
all but a few thousand are defunct.

By tradition, Jews must be buried within 24 hours of death. If the deceased is a
member of a burial society or a descendant of members, relatives are supposed to
contact an officer of the society, who verifies the person's membership and
signs a permit allowing the cemetery to open the assigned plot.

But Mrs. Marmor, 76, said that when she asked the cemetery director what
happened to her plot, he told her it had been sold by the president of the
burial society, who had since died.

''They couldn't do anything more for me,'' she said. After much stress, and with
help from a lawyer, she ended up restarting the defunct association, the
Trembowla Sisters Burial Society, and discovered to her relief that the plot on
the other side of her husband was available.

Some burial society officers are reluctant -- and not always reliable --
inheritors of the job.

Sam Falk took over the Friends of Zion of Harlem Burial Society after his
mother, for many years the society's acting president, entered an
assisted-living residence on Long Island a few years ago. He shipped the
society's file cabinets and cemetery maps to his home in Southern California.

''I tried to send out the notices and keep up,'' said Mr. Falk, 59, whose
grandfather founded the society in 1911, ''but to be honest, in the last few
years, I didn't have the time.''

He was rescued by a tiny agency of the New York State Insurance Department known
as the Office of Miscellaneous Estates. Tucked into a cluttered corner of the
state's Liquidation Bureau in Lower Manhattan, Miscellaneous Estates is where
burial societies go to die. The agency took the burial society off Mr. Falk's
hands after an elderly woman -- worried that he would not be able to provide her
a plot next to her mother in a Staten Island cemetery -- found a sympathetic
cemetery administrator who referred her to Miscellaneous Estates.

Robin Kraus, the agency's manager, and her assistant, Alice Jenkins, have taken
hundreds of burial societies into a sort of receivership over the past decade,
collecting dues from members until the last one is buried. They move with
practiced deftness through the thousands of ancient index cards, yellowing
ledger books and rolled-up oilcloth cemetery maps entrusted to their care.

''What we do is step up and perform all the functions of a burial society until
all the people entitled are buried,'' said Ms. Kraus, a lifelong civil servant
who, as the child of Holocaust survivors, found an emotional home when she
joined the bureau 15 years ago. Almost every Jewish cemetery in New York has her
phone number on auto-dial.

Many family members who call are desperate and distraught, she said.

''You have to be able to deal with people who are hard of hearing, and
oftentimes speak in thick accents,'' she said.

Mark G. Peters, who heads the quasi-public Liquidation Bureau, which protects
consumers who hold policies with failed insurance companies, said the government
viewed burial societies as a type of insurer. ''They may be a historically
anachronistic insurance product,'' he said, ''but we are essentially the only
safety net for people still depending on these societies.''

Mark Wittlin, 53, remembered attending meetings with his father at a burial
society in Brooklyn known as the Senate Association. Members would address one
another with honorifics like ''noble grand brother'' and solemnly discuss
financial and maintenance matters while he and other children prowled the rented
hall.

When he graduated from college, his father and other members asked him to become
an officer, but he declined. When his father died, they asked again and he
declined again.

A lawyer took over the society. When the lawyer died a few years ago, Mr.
Wittlin answered the door one day to find a young man there, several large
shopping bags arrayed around him, with rolled-up maps jutting out: the records
of the Senate Association.

'' 'My uncle wanted you to have these,' he says,'' Mr. Wittlin recounted. ''He
was the lawyer's nephew.''

Mr. Wittlin said he tried to be a good president. But there were 60 remaining
members, including some in nursing homes and some unaccounted for -- though
liable to pop up needing service at any time.

When someone told him about Robin Kraus, he went to see her. He took along the
shopping bags.  ''I just don't have the energy for this,'' he told her.

She and Ms. Jenkins told him not to worry. They unpacked the records and maps,
and told him they would take it from there.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: At Bayside Cemetery in Ozone Park, Queens, top, a lack of funds
and oversight had led to neglect. Researching old ledgers and maps, Robin Kraus,
above, manager of New York State's Office of Miscellaneous Estates, helps people
obtain deeds to plots they bought through now-defunct burial
societies.(PHOTOGRAPH BY LIBRADO ROMERO/THE NEW YORK TIMES)
 (PHOTOGRAPHS BY FRED R. CONRAD/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Edmonton Sun

                            August 18, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

The plot thickens

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A78

LENGTH: 137  words

DATELINE: PROVIDENCE, R.I.


A Rhode Island cemetery buried two men in the wrong plots, and now officials are
trying to broker a solution.

The problem started in October, when a 65-year-old man was placed in the wrong
family plot at Pocasset Hill Cemetery in Tiverton. No one noticed until March,
when an 87-year-old man who was supposed to be buried there died. So the
87-year-old was buried in the other man's plot.

"You've got to put him somewhere," Anne Turcotte, chairwoman of the town
cemetery commission. Turcotte says there's an easy fix: switch the deeds for the
plots.

But the 87-year-old's family does not want that; they want him exhumed and
buried in the plot they picked, Turcotte said.

The other man's family wants him kept in what they thought would be his final
resting place. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Edmonton Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Ottawa Sun

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

The plot thickens

SECTION: CAREERS; Pg. A21

LENGTH: 137  words

DATELINE: PROVIDENCE, R.I.


A Rhode Island cemetery buried two men in the wrong plots, and now officials are
trying to broker a solution.

The problem started in October, when a 65-year-old man was placed in the wrong
family plot at Pocasset Hill Cemetery in Tiverton. No one noticed until March,
when an 87-year-old man who was supposed to be buried there died. So the
87-year-old was buried in the other man's plot.

"You've got to put him somewhere," Anne Turcotte, chairwoman of the town
cemetery commission. Turcotte says there's an easy fix: switch the deeds for the
plots.

But the 87-year-old's family does not want that; they want him exhumed and
buried in the plot they picked, Turcotte said.

The other man's family wants him kept in what they thought would be his final
resting place. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Ottawa Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Toronto Sun

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

The plot thickens

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A49

LENGTH: 137  words

DATELINE: PROVIDENCE, R.I.


A Rhode Island cemetery buried two men in the wrong plots, and now officials are
trying to broker a solution.

The problem started in October, when a 65-year-old man was placed in the wrong
family plot at Pocasset Hill Cemetery in Tiverton. No one noticed until March,
when an 87-year-old man who was supposed to be buried there died. So the
87-year-old was buried in the other man's plot.

"You've got to put him somewhere," Anne Turcotte, chairwoman of the town
cemetery commission. Turcotte says there's an easy fix: switch the deeds for the
plots.

But the 87-year-old's family does not want that; they want him exhumed and
buried in the plot they picked, Turcotte said.

The other man's family wants him kept in what they thought would be his final
resting place. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Toronto Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Early Times (India)

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

US surveillance foiled 50 plots, says spy chief Alexander

LENGTH: 491 words

DATELINE: U.S.


U.S., June 19 -- The head of America's electronic spying agency has told
Congress surveillance programmes leaked by Edward Snowden helped thwart 50
attacks since 2001.

Army General Keith Alexander, director of the National Security Agency (NSA),
told the House intelligence committee the snooping operations were critical.

Plans to attack the New York Stock Exchange were among those foiled, the panel
heard.

Meanwhile, Mr Snowden's father urged his son not to commit "treason".

It was Gen Alexander's second public appearance before Congress since the
internet and telephone surveillance programmes were exposed this month.

Snowden to face 'justice'

In recent years these programmes, together with other intelligence, have
protected the US and our allies from terrorist threats across the globe to
include helping prevent potential terrorist events over 50 times since 9/11," he
said.

Ten of those plots had been intended for the US, the panel heard.

Sean Joyce, deputy FBI director, told the committee one of the cases had
involved a "nascent" plot to bomb the New York Stock Exchange.

Mr Joyce said a tip from the NSA had led the FBI to arrest Khalid Ouazzani of
Kansas City, Missouri, on conspiracy charges.

Ouazzani admitted in a federal court in 2010 plotting to provide material
support to a terrorist organisation, but he was not charged with the alleged
stock exchange plot.

Mr Joyce also said the surveillance had been essential to disrupting the 2009
conspiracy to bomb the New York City subway, resulting in the capture of that
plot's mastermind, Najibullah Zazi.

Asked what was next for Mr Snowden, Mr Joyce said simply: "Justice."

The former NSA contractor fled to Hong Kong shortly before the scandal broke.
His leaks revealed that US agencies had systematically gathered vast amounts of
phone and web data.

On Tuesday, Google challenged the US government's gagging order on its internet
surveillance programme, citing a constitutional right to free speech.

The web firm asked the secretive US Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to
allow it to publish the number of government requests in the name of national
security for data about its customers.

Tech firms including Microsoft, Facebook, Apple and Yahoo have released limited
information about the number of surveillance requests they receive.

But they are currently not allowed to show the split in numbers between requests
related to national security and to criminal investigations.

Meanwhile, Mr Snowden's father, Lon Snowden, urged his son, in an interview with
Fox News: "I hope, I pray and ask that you will not release any secrets that
could constitute treason."

He also called on his son to come home and "face justice".

Edward Snowden has vowed to fight any extradition attempts by the US.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Early Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 Early Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Prince Rupert Daily News (British Columbia)

                           October 18, 2001 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Opposition wants envoy fired for old terrorist plot

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 331  words

DATELINE: QUEBEC


QUEBEC (CP) -- There is no reason to fire a Quebec envoy who took part in a
foiled 1965 plot to blow up the Statue of Liberty and other U.S. landmarks,
Premier Bernard Landry said Wednesday.

Landry angrily rejected calls by Opposition Liberals to dismiss Michelle Duclos,
named last June as the province's representative to Algeria, a non-resident
post.

He scoffed at their argument that Duclos should be dismissed because of the
current scare after the terrorist attacks in New York City and Washington.

``To link Mrs. Michelle Duclos . . . directly or indirectly to the events of
Sept. 11 would be cruel and mean,'' Landry said during a heated debate in the
legislature. ``We would never go to such extremes, which represent a form of
terrorism.''

Landry noted Duclos has been a civil servant since 1976, working under both
Parti Quebecois and Liberal governments.

In the 1965 affair, she got a five-year suspended prison sentence for her role
in an aborted plot to blow up Philadelphia's Liberty Bell, the Washington
Monument and New York's Statue of Liberty.

Duclos pleaded guilty to transporting 30 sticks of dynamite from Montreal to New
York for the plot, which involved the Black Liberation Front, a pro-Castro
American group, and sympathizers of the separatist Front de liberation du
Quebec.

Police infiltrated the plot and arrested several conspirators shortly after
Duclos arrived in New York.

Now 63, Duclos has long repudiated her radical past. In 1973 she said her
actions had been ``foolish'' and ``stupid.''

But Opposition Leader Jean Charest said it doesn't matter that Duclos has been a
longtime employee of the government, including a stint as an economic adviser in
the 1980s to the Quebec delegation in Toronto.

It also doesn't matter that Duclos has kept a clean record for 36 years, Charest
said.

``The events of Sept. 11 substantially changed the situation -- radicalized, if
you prefer -- the way in which we must conduct matters of the state,'' he said
in the legislature.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2001 Prince Rupert Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              July 7, 2006 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

BOMB TUNNEL, FLOOD CITY. One man is busted in Beirut, others hunted across globe
and terrorists are seen linked to Zarqawi

BYLINE: BY ALISON GENDAR in New York and JAMES GORDON MEEK in Washington DAILY
NEWS STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 689 words


THE FBI HAS UNCOVERED what officials consider a serious plot by jihadists to
bomb the Holland Tunnel in hopes of causing a torrent of water to deluge lower
Manhattan, the Daily News has learned.

The terrorists sought to drown the Financial District as New Orleans was by
Hurricane Katrina, sources said. They also wanted to attack subways and other
tunnels.

Counterterrorism officials are alarmed by the "lone wolf" terror plot because
they allegedly got a pledge of financial and tactical support from Jordanian
associates of top terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi before he was killed in Iraq, a
counterterrorism source told The News.

It's not clear, however, if any cash or assistance was delivered.

The News has learned that at the request of U.S. officials, authorities in
Beirut arrested one of the alleged conspirators, identified as Amir Andalousli,
in recent months. Agents were scrambling yesterday to try to nab other suspects,
sources said.

They didn't indicate how many people were the target of the international
dragnet but said they were scattered all over the world.

"This is an ongoing operation," one source said.

U.S. agents were allowed to take part in the interrogation of Andalousli, a
source said.

FBI and New York City Police Department officials would not comment yesterday
about the investigation, which has been kept under wraps for months.

The plotters wanted to detonate a massive amount of explosives inside the
Holland Tunnel to blast a hole that would destroy the tunnel, everyone in it,
and send a devastating flood shooting through the streets of lower Manhattan.

It is assumed by officials the thugs would try to use vehicles packed with
explosives.

Sources said that New York City officials believed the plan could conceivably
work with enough explosives placed in the middle of the tunnel, which runs
underneath the river bed, a source said.

But others doubted the plot was feasible.

"You are talking major, major explosives and knowledge of blast effect to make
this happen," said another senior counterterrorism source.

Besides bedrock, the tunnel is protected by concrete and cast-iron steel.

Experts also said that even if the tunnel cracked, the Financial District would
not be flooded because it is above the level of the river.

The FBI discovered the plot by monitoring Internet chat rooms, where the
aspiring terrorists discussed striking the U.S. economy, rather than causing
mass casualties, a source said.

"They're hell-bent on destroying the economy in the U.S.," a counterterrorism
source said.

Al Qaeda founder Osama Bin Laden has often urged his followers to "bleed"
America financially.

The Lebanese government had been expected to release a statement about
Andalousli's arrest but was asked by the U.S. to hold off while operations to
disrupt the plot continued, sources said.

Sources contrasted the chat room jihadists to the seven wanna-be Al Qaeda cell
members arrested in a poor area of Miami by the FBI last week, who appeared to
have no capability of carrying out plots they hatched to bomb FBI offices in
several cities including New York.

"This is more advanced than the Miami Seven," said one of the sources, who spoke
on condition of anonymity.

The disclosure of the Holland Tunnel plot came at the same time Homeland
Security Department officials announced a boost in funds to protect rail and
transit lines in the New York City area yesterday.

Last month, DHS cut New York's high-threat grants by almost half. But yesterday,
DHS Undersecretary George Foresman said the $47 million rail security grants,
which were 25% higher than last year's, were in response to increased risks
after the 2004 Madrid and 2005 London rail bombings.

jmeek@nydailynews.com

Graphic: THE HOLLAND TUNNEL.

Opened to traffic: Nov. 13, 1927

Depth of water: About 40 feet

Distance between tunnel

roof and water: About 41 feet

Distance between the roof and

the roadbed: 12 feet, 6 inches

Tunnel walls: Made of concrete

and cast-iron steel

Width of each

tunnel roadway: 20 feet

Length of tunnel

North tube: 1.75 miles

South tube: 1.5 miles

Original cost of

construction: $48 million

Depth of the water varies in places and depends on the tides.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC;INFOGRAPHIC;MAP, GETTY IMAGES New Jersey-bound traffic speeds
through Holland Tunnel, beneath more than 40 feet of earth and concrete - and
the Hudson. Experts say that terrorists would need huge amount of explosives,
and even more expertise, to have a chance to rupture the tunnel. AP Officers
stand guard on Jersey City side of Holland Tunnel and in Manhattan (right), as
thousands of vehicles pass daily.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EXCLUSIVE; FRONT PAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            February 10, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bush details purported plot to hit L.A.;
President: Southeast Asian men were to fly jet into city's tallest building

BYLINE: David Jackson and Richard Benedetto

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 486 words


WASHINGTON -- President Bush gave new details Thursday of how the government
foiled purported plans by al-Qaeda to attack the tallest building on the West
Coast in 2002.

The scheme involved specially recruited Southeast Asian hijackers who planned to
fly an airliner into the 73-story Library Tower in Los Angeles, Bush said in a
speech to the National Guard Association.

"Since Sept. 11, the United States and our coalition partners have disrupted a
number of serious al-Qaeda terrorist plots, including plots to attack targets
inside the United States," Bush said.

Frances Townsend, counterterrorism adviser to the president, declined to say
whether the investigation involved the National Security Agency surveillance
program that has drawn criticism for using wiretaps without court order.

Townsend said Bush discussed the investigation to remind Americans the threat is
still there and highlight the level of international cooperation needed to fight
terrorism.

"The terrorists are weakened and fractured, yet they're still lethal," Bush
said. "We cannot let the fact that America hasn't been attacked in 4 1/2 years
... lull us into the illusion that the threats to our nation have disappeared.
They have not."

Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., said after the speech that Bush still
has failed to lay out a comprehensive counterterrorism plan. He cited the Sept.
11 Commission's poor ratings of the administration's homeland security plans.

"This White House has committed a series of national security mistakes that have
made America less secure," Reid said.

Bush said Khalid Shaikh Mohammed, the alleged mastermind of the Sept. 11 attacks
captured in 2003, planned to have operatives use shoe bombs to enter the cockpit
and hijack a commercial airliner that would be flown into the California
building.

Rather than use Arab hijackers as in the 2001 attacks, the plan was to use
Southeast Asian men because they "would not arouse as much suspicion," Bush
said.

Bush mentioned the alleged plot last October when he listed 10 planned terrorist
attacks that had been thwarted. He did not provide details of those plots,
although news organizations later described an attempt on the Library Tower,
perhaps best known as one of the targets in the 1996 alien invasion movie
Independence Day. Also known as the U.S. Bank Tower, the Library Tower is North
America's tallest building west of Chicago.

Townsend would not disclose how many suspects were arrested, which countries
they were from, where they are today or which nations helped foil the plot.

Bush's revelation triggered a blast from Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa,
who said he was surprised by Bush's announcement because the White House had not
fully informed him in advance. White House spokesman Scott McClellan said, "My
understanding was that we did reach out to officials in California and Los
Angeles to let them know, I think it was yesterday."

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Tim Dillon, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

Pakistani man convicted in plot to bomb UK shopping mall

LENGTH: 311 words

DATELINE: Washington


Washington, March 6 -- A US federal jury has convicted Abid Naseer, a
28-year-old Pakistani national, for his role in an international Al Qaeda terror
plot targeting the United States and Europe that came within days of bombing a
shopping mall in the British city of Manchester in April 2009. Following a
two-week trial in a Brooklyn court, Naseer was found guilty of providing
material support to Al Qaeda and conspiring to use a destructive device.

Apart from targeting the Manchester mall, Naseer and his accomplices had also
planned attacks on the New York City subway system and a Danish newspaper office
in Copenhagen, the US Attorney's Office said, adding all these activities had
been "directed by and coordinated with senior al-Qaeda leaders in Pakistan".
Naseer is the eighth defendant to face charges, and the fourth to be convicted,
in Brooklyn federal court related to the Al Qaeda plot, which also involved Adis
Medunjanin, Najibullah Zazi, and Zarein Ahmedzay, all members of the cell that
targeted New York City.

"This Al Qaeda plot was intended by the group's leaders to send a message to the
United States and its allies," said US Attorney Loretta Lynch, adding the
verdict sends a powerful message that the US will stop at nothing to hold those
plotting to kill and maim on behalf of terrorist groups accountable. Around
September 2008, Al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan recruited Medunjanin, Zazi, and
Ahmedzay to conduct a suicide bombing attack in New York City. Those al-Qaeda
leaders, including Adnan El-Shukrijumah and Saleh al-Somali, communicated with
Zazi about the plot through an al-Qaeda facilitator named "Ahmad," who was
located in Peshawar, Pakistan.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                              June 4, 2007 Monday
                                 First Edition

JFK airport plot foiled - and flawed;
Alleged terrorists had Caribbean links

BYLINE: Mark Coulton, New York with Agencies

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 604 words


IT'S a plot straight from the disaster movie genre. Destroy New York's major
airport, its terminals, and even parts of the borough of Brooklyn in one
dastardly explosion.

Unfortunately for the alleged plotters, the real life Jack Bauers (of 24 fame)
were ahead of the ticking bomb. Not only was the idea outlandish and highly
unlikely to succeed, but authorities have been recording the conversations of
the plotters for the past 18 months.

US authorities claim to have foiled the plot, which, in the words of one of the
alleged ringleaders, would have caused "greater destruction than in the
September 11 attacks" and devastated the US economy.

Four men are alleged to have plotted to blow up fuel pipelines and tanks and
terminal buildings at New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport.
According to the FBI, the four suspects had conducted surveillance of the
airport using photographs and satellite images downloaded from Google Earth. One
of the men was a retired cargo handler from the airport.

Another was Abdul Kadir, a former mayor of a Guyanese town and a former member
of the Guyanese Parliament. Kadir was arrested in Trinidad after a
Venezuelan-bound plane in which he was a passenger was turned around in mid-air.
His wife has denied he was involved in any terrorist plot.

He is said to have been helping the former cargo handler, Russell Defreitas, 63,
organise the planning and secure financing for the attack. Defreitas, who sells
books on street corners and exports broken air-conditioners to Guyana, was
arraigned in a Brooklyn court and denied bail.

A third man, Kareem Ibrahim, was arrested in Trinidad. A fourth, Abdel Nur, is
at large, thought to be in Trinidad.

There was no connection to al-Qaeda, officials said, but some suspects were
linked to an Islamist extremist group in Trinidad.

Defreitas was allegedly recorded by an FBI informant as saying that JFK airport,
which is New York's major international airport and handles 45 million
passengers a year, was targeted because it would put "the whole country in
mourning".

"It's like, you can kill the man twice," Defreitas allegedly said, who also
boasted he had been taught bomb-making in Guyana.

US attorney Roslynn Mauskopf said it was one of the most chilling plots
imaginable: "The devastation that would be caused had this plot succeeded is
just unthinkable."

But experts cast severe doubt on the practicalities of the plot. JFK airport,
like other airports around the world, is fed by a series of pipelines that
supply jet fuel and heating oil. In many cases the pipes are beneath the tarmac
and are laid directly to the gates where planes park.

But sabotaging part of the system would be highly unlikely to lead to a chain
explosion. Also, jet fuel does not produce an explosive force unless it is under
pressure or vapourised; and pipelines and tanks have safety valves to contain
any mishap.

The alleged plotters are said to have travelled repeatedly to Guyana and
Trinidad in recent months, seeking to obtain the blessing and financial backing
of an extremist Muslim group based in Trinidad and Tobago called Jamaat
al-Muslimeen.

The arrests were an example of alleged plots to attack US targets that
originated in the US, or by Americans, as opposed to plots instituted by
al-Qaeda leaders in the Middle East.

All the plots were apparently closely monitored by intelligence agencies, almost
from their inception, and all were stopped long before they were capable of
implementing them. In many cases, the suspects are alleged to have expressed an
intention to attack targets, but lacked the financing, training and means to do
so. -- With AGENCIES

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: A sketch of suspect Russell Defreitas, middle, in a Brooklyn
court.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 13, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

RISE IN MARIJUANA ON U.S. LAND CITED

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 627 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 12


Despite stepped-up enforcement efforts, marijuana cultivation is increasing on
Federal lands as the farmers use booby traps, camouflage and violence to protect
their illegal crop, a new study reports.

The report, by the General Accounting Office, says that marijuana plots on
public lands are posing threats to land- management personnel and tourists.

The General Accounting Office, the investigative arm of Congress, said the
report was based on visits last year to 22 forests and parks under the
jurisdiction of the Forest Service, the Bureau of Land Management or the
National Park Service in California, Oregon, Arkansas, Missouri, Idaho and
Hawaii.

''The Forest Service estimates that over 8,200 marijuana plots were cultivated
on its lands in 1983, an increase of about 128 percent over the estimated 3,600
cultivated in 1980,'' the accounting office said.

Destruction Ratio GivenThe report said that while the Forest Service in 1983
discovered 1,973 of the 8,286 plots it estimated were on its land, ''limited
personnel and equipment resulted in the destruction of only about 1,300.''

In 1983, the Bureau of Land Management destroyed 330 marijuana plots while the
Park Service got rid of 27, the report said.

All three agencies, the report said, ''have intensified their efforts to combat
marijuana cultivation on Federal lands.''

However, the report quoted the Bureau of Land Management as saying that the
growing of marijuana presented ''increasingly serious law enforcement problems''
and that ''management control over and public use'' of the lands involved were
being thwarted as the illegal growers ''take over'' more and more public land.

Many Areas Are ClosedThe accounting office, bringing up to date a study issued
in 1982, said: ''Our recent work indicates that marijuana growers continue to
pose a threat to both employees and land users.

''At six of the 22 sites we visited, areas were closed or restricted because of
potential danger from marijuana growers.

''At 14 of the 22 sites, there were one or more incidents of marijuana growers
shooting at, threatening and harassing employees and Federal land users.''

Traps set by growers included a grenade, an antipersonnel mine, dynamite and
fishhooks strung across trails at eye level, the report said. Because of such
dangers, the Forest Service has ''essentially relinquished control'' of 100
square miles of the Shasta-Trinity National Forest in Northern California,
according to the report.

Environmental Damage NotedThe report said marijuana farmers at 13 sites had
caused environmental damage, from costly fires to soil pollution by fertilizers
and insecticides.

The report said that growers, in a business where a plot of 150 plants could be
worth up to $375,000, were attracted to Federal lands because of ''ideal growing
conditions'' and the difficulty of proving ownership of plants found on public
property.

To lessen the risk of detection, growers are cultivating fewer plants in smaller
plots that are more difficult to spot from the air, the report said.

''Growers are also using camouflage netting and paint to make detection more
difficult,'' the report said. ''A California county sheriff's document reports
that a special military camouflage netting produced in Europe was being sold in
truckload quantities.''

Planting Under Power LinesOther growers' measures cited in the report were
pruning plants to keep them close to the ground; developing plants that grow in
shade, and sowing under high-voltage wires in deep canyons where low-flying
aircraft are unlikely to go.

The study was requested by Representative John F. Seiberling, Democrat of Ohio,
chairman of the Interior and Insular Affairs Subcommittee on Public Lands and
National Parks.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                           August 24, 2000, Thursday

CITY AIMS TO RAISE PRICES ON PLOTS; AS UPKEEP FALLS BEHIND, OFFICIALS WANT
INCREASES OF $ 210 FOR RESIDENTS AND $ 420 FOR OTHERS.; HAINES CITY CEMETERIES

BYLINE: AMBER SMITH The Ledger

SECTION: East Polk; Pg. F1

LENGTH: 515 words


HAINES CITY -- City commissioners have agreed to raise the rates for plots in
the city cemeteries to help pay for the upkeep.

According to a survey of local towns, Haines City currently has the cheapest
prices for cemetery plots for residents and nonresidents.

"We are already 50 percent lower than everybody else, and we are operating it at
a loss to the city," Commissioner Philip Hinkle said.

Haines City currently charges $ 150 per plot for residents and $ 300 per plot
for nonresidents for the Oakland Cemetery on the north side of town and Forest
Hill Cemetery off Grace Avenue. That price is the lowest in the county.

"I think we are the cheapest in the entire state," said City Clerk Cherry Dowdy,
who handles selling the plots in the city-run cemeteries.

Commissioners want to raise the prices to $ 360 per plot for residents and $ 720
for nonresidents.

According to the survey, Auburndale and Lake Alfred charge residents $ 300 for
cemetery plots and $ 520 and $ 525 respectively for nonresidents.

The highest rates for residents in the towns surveyed are in Lake Wales with $
450 per plot and the highest for nonresidents is St. Cloud with $ 1,200 for
nonresidents.

Haines City would become the second most expensive city in the area for
nonresident rates.

The average rate for residents is $ 425 per plot and $ 600 for nonresidents.

Commissioner Roy Tyler said the rate increase is unfortunate, but necessary.

"Sometimes reality catches up with you," he said.

Commissioners started discussing raising rates when Mayor Joanna Wilkinson
mentioned calls she had been receiving from residents upset about the grass not
being mowed at the city cemeteries.

City Parks and Recreation Director Kelly Callihan said the cemeteries are mowed
every two weeks.

"In the peak growing season, the grass grows faster than we can get it cut," he
said.

Commissioners want to use part of the money from the rate increase to hire a new
employee to concentrate only on upkeep and mowing at the cemeteries.

Currently, 95 plots are sold a year. About 75 percent of those are sold to
residents, with the remaining 25 percent sold to nonresidents.

Assistant to the City Manager Amy Arrington said the money brought in from
increased prices could offset the cost of hiring an employee at $ 6.92 an hour.

Callihan told the commission one person dedicated to the cemetery upkeep would
help, but would not solve all the complaints.

"One person is going to help, but it's not going to be manicured with just one
person," he said explaining it takes three days to mow the 80 acres at Forest
Hill Cemetery.

Callihan said it takes a day to mow both the Oakland Cemetery and the Fifth
Street Cemetery, which is no longer open and was once maintained and owned by a
local church that is no longer standing.

Callihan said there would be plenty of work for the employee during the winter
months, too, with mowing, tree trimming and other maintenance duties.

Commissioners will vote on the rate increase at their Sept. 7 regular commission
meeting at City Hall.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2000 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             October 9, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

10 Al Qaeda Plots Thwarted, Bush Says

SECTION: A Section; A03

LENGTH: 304 words


The United States and its allies have thwarted at least 10 serious al Qaeda
terrorist plots since Sept. 11, 2001, including never-before-disclosed plans to
use hijacked commercial airliners to attack the East and West coasts in 2002 and
2003, President Bush and his aides said.

The reported plots aimed to strike a wide variety of targets, including the
Library Tower in Los Angeles, ships in international waters and a tourist site
overseas, the White House said. Three of the 10 were directed at U.S. soil,
officials said. The government, they added, also stopped five additional al
Qaeda efforts to case possible targets or infiltrate operatives into the
country.

Most of the plots were previously reported in some form, while a few were
revealed for the first time Thursday. The White House had never before placed a
number on or compiled a public list of the foiled attempts to follow up the
Sept. 11 attacks, but it offered only scant information beyond the location and
general date of each reported plot.

Bush cited the disrupted plots in a speech intended to shore up sagging public
support for the war in Iraq and to address more extensively than ever before the
philosophical framework undergirding Islamic extremism. The radical movement, he
said, goes beyond "isolated acts of madness," with the goal to "establish a
radical Islamic empire that spans from Spain to Indonesia."

Bush singled out Syria and Iran for condemnation, saying they have "a long
history of collaboration with terrorists, and they deserve no patience from the
victims of terror." He rebuffed calls to withdraw from Iraq and dismissed as a
"dangerous illusion" the idea that pulling out would make the United States
safer. And he rejected the argument that the Iraq war has fostered terrorism.

--  Peter Baker

and Susan B. Glasser

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 17, 2002 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A24

LENGTH: 445 words


NEW YORK -- An Algerian was sentenced to 24 years in prison yesterday -- the
maximum -- for his role in a plot to detonate a suitcase bomb at Los Angeles
International Airport during millennium celebrations.

Mokhtar Haouari, 32, who lives in Canada, was convicted last summer of federal
charges that he supplied fake IDs and cash to two others in the plot.

The plot was foiled when its mastermind, Ahmed Ressam, was arrested in
Washington state in December 1999 while trying to enter from Canada in a car
with a trunkful of explosives.

Ressam had been trained in terrorist camps financed by Osama bin Laden,
according to investigators.

At the time, prosecutors said the attack on the crowded airport in the days
before Jan. 1, 2000, could have been the bloodiest act of terrorism against the
United States since the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing.

Haouari turned down the opportunity to speak at his sentencing and sat
impassively.

* TAMPA -- Charles Bishop, the 15-year-old student pilot who crashed a small
plane into a Tampa skyscraper, did not have alcohol or drugs in his system when
he died Jan. 5, police said. Bishop's blood tested negative for a range of
substances, including antidepressants, marijuana and cocaine, said Wayne Duer,
chief toxicologist with the Hillsborough County Medical Examiner's Office. The
results, released Tuesday, also didn't show traces of Accutane, an acne
medication with alleged links to depression or suicide. A prescription for
Accutane in Bishop's name was found at his home.

* PHILADELPHIA -- Two high-ranking city police officers were charged with trying
to cover up a 1998 car accident that followed a night of drinking. Former police
Capt. James Brady crashed his car on Feb. 13, 1998, then allegedly allowed Capt.
Joseph DiLacqua to orchestrate the coverup by ordering officers to lie about the
crash, according to the charges.

* ARDMORE, Pa. -- A man who shot and killed his stepdaughter, his wife and his
wife's parents before killing himself was clinically depressed but had never
become violent, police said. Michael Burgess, 44, called a detective seven hours
before the shooting Tuesday, calmly saying he planned to contest charges arising
from a disturbance at a church service where he accused his wife, Cassandra, of
cheating on him.

* NEWPORT, Ore. -- A man who had been on the FBI's "Ten Most Wanted" list for
allegedly killing his wife and three children was arraigned on murder charges,
three days after his capture at a Mexico beach resort. Christian Longo, 27,
showed no emotion during his two court hearings, which he joined via
closed-circuit television from the Lincoln County jail.

-- From news services

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                              June 14, 2002 Friday
                                  Late Edition

Doubts on US bomb warning

BYLINE: Gay Alcorn, United States Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 526 words


Washington

Faced with carefully worded accusations that the alleged radioactive dirty-bomb
plot announced this week was exaggerated for political purposes, the White House
is now acknowledging that the threat to the United States was minimal.

According to a leak to the USA Today newspaper, an alarmed White House has
formally reprimanded Attorney-General John Ashcroft who, in announcing the
detention of Abdullah al Muhajir, an American citizen born Jose Padilla, said
authorities had "disrupted an unfolding terrorist plot to attack the United
States by exploding a radioactive dirty bomb".

The following day, Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz softened the charge.
"I don't think there was actually a plot beyond some fairly loose talk and (al
Muhajir's) coming in here obviously to plan further deeds."

The administration has released no evidence that there was ever a dirty-bomb
plot, beyond alleging that al Muhajir suggested a radioactive attack as well as
more conventional strikes to al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan and Afghanistan. He
was then sent to the US to "scout" for possible targets, US officials say.

Law enforcement officials told USA Today that they doubted whether the
31-year-old former Chicago gang member had the equipment or know-how to develop
a dirty bomb, in which conventional explosives are wrapped with radioactive
material.

Mr Ashcroft also appeared to overstate the likely impact of a dirty bomb attack,
saying it could cause "mass death and injury". Experts yesterday assured jittery
Americans that the likely number of deaths would be small.

Administration officials refused to confirm whether Mr Ashcroft had been ticked
off. But they rejected the suggestion by some members of Congress that the
timing of his announcement was designed to bolster President George Bush's
proposal for a new Department of Homeland Security and to neutralise criticism
of the FBI and the CIA.

Al Muhajir was arrested at Chicago's O'Hare Airport on May 8, more than a month
before his detention was revealed. The Democratic majority leader in the Senate,
Tom Daschle, suggested there "may have been a rush to bring it before the news
media" after recent criticism of the CIA and the FBI for failing to anticipate
the September 11 attacks.

According to The Guardian newspaper in London, Mr Ashcroft's announcement
surprised British authorities, some of whom are concerned about America's
alarming warnings of imminent terrorist strikes and at the apparent willingness
of the White House to suspend fundamental judicial principles such as the right
to a fair trial. Senior British officials say that imprecise or exaggerated
warnings of attacks merely serve to encourage panic.

One official described a blanket warning by US Vice-President Dick Cheney last
month about possible attacks on apartment blocks in the US as being so vague as
to be meaningless.

The White House on Sunday declared al Muhajir an "enemy combatant" and shifted
him from New York to a secure military facility in South Carolina. Al Muhajir's
lawyer, Donna Newman, said there was no strong evidence against him and that his
constitutional right to defend himself was being violated.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cartoon by TANDBERG

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2002 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            March 25, 2010 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

FAMILY PLOT THICKENS FIGHTS MOM-IN-LAW OVER BURIAL RIGHTS

BYLINE: BY KERRY BURKE and THOMAS ZAMBITO DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 329 words


A QUEENS WIDOW who wants to spend eternity next to her husband is facing a
formidable obstacle - her mother-in-law.

Barred from the family plot, Regina Constantin is going to a higher authority -
a judge - for permission to dig up and cremate her dead hubby.

"I want to be buried with my husband," Constantin, 54, a college professor, told
the Daily News yesterday after filing a suit in Queens Supreme Court.

Her spouse, Mihai (Mike) Constantin, died in 2007 at age 55 and was laid to rest
in his family's plot at St. John's Cemetery near the couple's Woodside home.

His widow assumed there was room for her, too, until told otherwise by her
88-year-old mother-in-law, Polina Constantinescu.

"My mother-in-law . . . who is the owner of the plot where my husband currently
is interred, has made it quite clear that she will not allow my remains to be
interred in the same plot where my husband is currently located," the suit says.

"It was always the intention of myself and my husband that our final resting
place would be in the same plot side by side."

The widow wants to remove her departed husband from the plot, but the elderly
woman is standing in the way.

"As the wife of the deceased, I have the right to have my remains lay side by
side with that of my husband when the time comes," her suit says.

"My mother-in-law should not have the veto power to prevent this from
happening."

Inside Mihai's casket is an urn containing the remains of his father, Ion Petre
Constantinescu. Constantin promises to return the ashes to the casket once her
husband is removed.

"I will treat with respect and dignity the remains of my father-in-law," she
wrote in court papers.

Polina Constantinescu, a retired doctor who lives in the same building as her
daughter-in-law, could not be reached for comment on the ashes-to-ashes dustup.

"It's a wild story," Constantin said. "People can make up their own minds about
this, but I'm not really worried. I'm going on with my life."

tzambito@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Widow Regina Constantin walks to her Woodside, Queens, home yesterday.
Photo by Anthony DelMundo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Daily News, L.P.


                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 9, 2006 Thursday

This Moraine story has a green plot

BYLINE: Bill Schmidt

SECTION: SOUTHWEST; Pg. Z8-1

LENGTH: 1211 words


It's still winter, of course, but the days are growing longer and the normal
temperature of each day has been slowly climbing. It's enough to drive a
gardener mad.

Each year about this time, the folks over at the city of Moraine add yet another
enticement to the mailboxes bulging with seed catalogs.

They're already into their first phase of offering free garden plots to Moraine
residents.

According to Dave Miller, who's administering the program this year, the city
has been in the garden plot business for a long time. In the late 1970s, Moraine
began the program. "It used to be across from the entrance to Wax Park," Miller
said. That was before Main Street was continued up the hill and Splash! Moraine
further developed the area. The plot nowadays has moved to a field across from
the entrance to German Village. That's just off Vance Road, across from Dorf
Drive. The city-owned field - four or five acres - is divided into about 156
plots. Each is about 20- by 40-feet and enough for a nice garden area. This
first phase of the program runs through Feb. 20 and is limited to those
residents who had plots last year. Miller said about 90 percent of those who
registered for plots in previous years return. Registration for the program must
be completed in person at the Payne Recreation Center, 3800 Main St.
Participants must provide a driver's license or other identification to prove
residency. At this first phase, only one plot is guaranteed. Last year, about 70
people signed up for plots. Miller said Moraine began the program back when the
character of the city was different. That's when many residents had more recent
ties to the country.

Many came from Kentucky, Tennessee and West Virginia.

"Recreation activities in the late '70s were (geared) more toward gardening,"
Miller said. He said the fad then - country line dancing - was replaced with
sports such as softball leagues and going for a swim at Splash! Moraine.

But there's still plenty of interest in gardening. "We have enough people with
that interest to still continue the program," Miller said, noting that as many
as 75 percent of the gardeners are elderly.

Phase II of the registration runs from Feb. 22 through March 3. That's when
Moraine residents who don't already have a plot reserved can register.

"If garden plots are still available after Phase I and II are complete, then
residents may apply for additional garden plots," Miller said. They'll be
distributed on a first-come, first-served basis.

A detailed map will be mailed to each participant the week of March 27. The
plots will be available for gardening as of April 1.

Gardeners have to clean up at the end of the season, too by Nov. 1. That
includes removing any stakes or other items that would damage a tractor. Failure
to comply means losing privileges.

For more information, call Miller at 535-1062.

VA nurse wins national award

Debra Watkins of Germantown and a Dayton Veterans Affairs Medical Center nurse,
has won the prestigious Cherokee Inspired Comfort Award. Watkins was one of 14
people honored nationwide.

Watkins is the nurse manager of the Medical Center's intensive care unit.

She was honored for her everyday work "protecting and healing America's
veterans," and for "her lifesaving rescue efforts at a car accident scene."

That accident occurred in 2004 in Moraine. While driving to work, she came upon
a headon collision between two trucks. With the assistance of two men and a
student nurse who stopped at the scene, Watkins evacuated a pastor and his wife
from inside one of the vehicles just as the truck caught fire.

Watkins performed CPR, an act credited with saving the woman's life.

"My life philosophy has been based on the more you problemsolve for others, the
easier your problems in life are solved," Watkins said.

Watkins received a Nurse Hero Award from the National American Red Cross and
Nursing Spectrum. She was also honored by the local American Red Cross, police
department and the Department of Veteran Affairs.

The Cherokee Inspired Comfort Award is granted annually by Cherokee Uniforms, a
leading designer and manufacturer of health care apparel.

The award recognizes "nurses and other nonphysician healthcare professionals who
demonstrate exceptional service, sacrifice and innovation and have a positive
impact on others' lives."

"Debra is a compassionate nurse and an exceptional person," said Wendell Mobley,
who directs the national award for Cherokee. "We are proud to honor someone of
her character."

Watkins won an all-expensepaid trip to a 2006 U.S. medical conference of her
choice, an annual membership to a clinical organization and a wardrobe featuring
the best of Cherokee Uniforms and Rockers Footwear worth more than $1,000.

She also won a trophy and placement in the Cherokee's 2006 Inspired Comfort
Award calendar.

Former foreign exchange student visits

It's been a long while - 30 years, in fact - since Floria Roa Gutierrez attended
Valley View High School while staying with the Green family.

Now Gutierrez and her husband, Luis Diego Jimenez, reside in San Jose. Gutierrez
is an organic chemistry professor at TEC University in Cartago.

But back in 1975, Gutierrez was an exchange student through the International
Exchange Open Door program. She has maintained contact with her host family
through letters and visits.

On Jan. 10, for the 30th anniversary of being an exchange student, she returned
to Germantown.

In 1989, members of her host family Melanie Green Thiele, Kea Green and Craig
and Courtney Thiele visited Costa Rica for Gutierrez's wedding.

In 2003, the Thieles, who live in New Lebanon, and their six children -
Courtney, Anne, Kyle, Eli, Allie and Cole - returned to Costa Rica for a
two-week visit.

Kea Green, a Spanish teacher at VVHS, said of Gutierrez's January visit, "There
was no snow in southwest Ohio. But Floria's children, Fabian and Tatiana, were
delighted to go tubing at Perfect North in southern Indiana."

But even that wasn't the highlight of the trip. It was closer to home.

"Their favorite activity was ice skating in Kettering!"

Eaton Bicentennial events scheduled

This summer's 200th anniversary for Eaton should be a hot time in the old town.
But already organizers are setting off the fireworks.

Friday at the Eaton varsity basketball game, the Firecrackers, a nationally
known jump-roping team will perform a halftime show. The group hails from the
Kings Local School District in Kings Mills.

The game begins at 6:30 p.m. at Eaton High School, 600 Hillcrest Drive.

The 25-member group will perform an eight-minute routine, according to Karen
Murphy, bicentennial activities chairwoman.

The Eaton Boosters Club co-sponsored the show.

"We have monthly events planned to get the community excited about this
milestone and the grand celebration to take place June 30 through July 4th,"
Murphy said.

For more information on Eaton's Bicentennial plans, visit their Web site at
www.eatonbicen tennial.org.

If you or a friend or relative recently achieved honors of some sort, or your
club or organization has an activity you think would make interesting reading,
call Bill Schmidt at 696-2080, e-mail wschmidt@gemair.com or send a typewritten
notice to Neighborhood News Department, Dayton Daily News, 45 S. Ludlow St.,
Dayton, OH 45402. We want to hear from you.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A FORMER VALLEY VIEW HIGH SCHOOL exchange student came back to the area
recently to mark her 30th anniversary as an exchange student. Enjoying the visit
are (front row, from left) Floria Gutierrez's children, Fabian and Tatiana;
(back row, from left) Valley View Spanish teacher Kea Green of Germantown,
Gutierrez, Melanie Green Thiele of New Lebanon and Sara Green Baumann of
Hamilton.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            August 18, 2016 Thursday

QUIRKY WORLD ... Child's play for police as they narrowly catch suspect

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 550 words


That s what German police must have thought when their car got stuck on a narrow
path while pursuing a moped-riding suspect. Rather than give up, one of the
officers jumped on a child s bike and successfully chased down and arrested the
27-year-old suspect.

Police say the suspect, who had evaded a traffic stop in the southern town of
Bamberg, was carrying drugs and driving under the influence.

Police spokeswoman Silke Gahn said the officer, after the arrest, gratefully
returned the 22in bike he had borrowed.

Grant for Peace

Iceland: British-Indian sculptor Anish Kapoor is among the four recipients of
this year s Lennon Ono Grant for Peace.

Yoko Ono, wife of late Beatle John Lennon, announced that Chinese artist and
activist Ai Weiwei, Hungarian poet and performance artist Katalin Ladik, and
Danish-Icelandic installation artist Olafur Eliasson are also winners of the
peace prize.

The awards will be presented in Reykjavik on October 9, which would have been
Lennon s 76th birthday.

Bodies moving

USA: Officials are trying to find a solution after a Rhode Island cemetery
buried two men in the wrong plots, with one family wanting their loved one to
stay put while the other wants their relative put in the grave they picked.

In October, a 65-year-old man was placed in the wrong family plot at Pocasset
Hill Cemetery in Tiverton. In March, an 87-year-old man who was supposed to be
buried in that plot died. He was buried in the other man s plot. His family
wants him to be moved to the plot they own, but the move is opposed by the
65-year-old s family.

The head of the town cemetery commission said moving them would be  ridiculous .
The town solicitor said they are working on an agreement to switch the bodies.

Super Maze Bros

USA: Images of Mario, Luigi, and friends have been carved into the fields of an
upstate New York farm as part of a corn maze based on Nintendo s Super Mario
Bros series.

It is the latest installment of an annual themed maze at the Stoughton Farm in
Newark Valley. Owner Tom Stoughton said the farm s mazes typically attract about
10,000 visitors annually.

An aerial photo of the eight-acre maze shows Mario, Luigi, Princess Peach, Toad,
and Yoshi carved into the cornfield.

Time to toga toga again

USA: A candidate for New Hampshire governor has vowed to work to restore the
status of a Dartmouth College fraternity that loosely inspired the 1978 comedy
film Animal House.

The Alpha Delta fraternity was kicked out of the Ivy League school s Hanover
campus in April 2015 after officials learned that members branded pledges on
their bottoms, said the Boston Globe.

Democrat Mark Connolly was a member of Alpha Delta when he graduated from
Dartmouth in 1979. He said he wants his former fraternity reinstated once
members prove they are upstanding members of the community. Dartmouth officials
said derecognition is permanent.

Game for a laugh

Germany: Baywatch star David Hasselhoff and Borussia Dortmund footballer Marco
Reus both appeared in virtual form as the Gamescom video games show began in
Germany.

The Knight Rider actor appeared as a DJ in a 1980s disco and theme park-based
Call of Duty: Zombies In Spaceland experience, which was unveiled by the game s
publisher Activision.

German international Reus is the cover star of Fifa 17, which he played at a
pre-show event.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                           October 14, 2006 Saturday

Soybean rust present in Illinois

BYLINE: CHARLYN FARGO AGRIBUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 684 words


Soybean rust was confirmed Friday for the first time in Illinois in a soybean
field at the University of Illinois' Dixon Springs Center in the far
southeastern part of the state.

Adjacent counties are being scouted to determine if the fungal disease has
spread to other fields, the Illinois Department of Agriculture said.

State Agriculture Director Chuck Hartke made the announcement - one Illinois
farmers have anticipated but feared nonetheless - at an Asian soybean rust
research planning meeting.

A U.S. Department of Agriculture lab in Beltsville, Md., confirmed the presence
of rust on leaf samples collected from a U of I test plot adjacent to a
so-called "sentinel" plot in Pope County, just across the Kentucky border.
Sentinel plots are research plots checked daily for the presence of soybean
rust.

"They don't do a windshield survey; they're crawling on their hands and knees
and using hand-held microscopes to find this," said Hartke. "It's so small you
have to use a microscope to see it."

Hartke said he doesn't expect the disease to have any economic impact on
Illinois farmers this year, because the majority of soybeans are mature or have
been harvested. However, it could have a major impact next year if the disease
spreads, he said.

"This discovery, this late in the growing season, will have no impact on the
2006 soybean crop," Hartke said. "If the fungus had arrived here earlier, when
beans were developing and setting pods, it potentially could have caused
significant production losses. Fortunately, the crop has matured, harvest is
nearing completion, and no damage will occur."

A potentially record soybean yield is forecast for Illinois this year.

If infection occurs during the vegetative and early reproductive growth stages
for soybeans, rust  can cause significant defoliation of the plant and
subsequent loss in yield or even death of the plant.

Winter will kill off the fungus, so it will only reappear in Illinois if the
wind-borne spores again are blown in from southern states.

"Our best defense against soybean rust is a hard frost. The disease simply
cannot survive this far north without a green, living host," Jim Larkin, the
state agriculture department's soybean rust program manager, said in a
statement.

In Kentucky, rust was detected a week ago in seven counties, apparently having
blown into the region from the South about two weeks ago.

Asian soybean rust has been confirmed in 113 counties in 10 states this year,
with the Illinois and Kentucky cases being the northern-most detections. Last
year, there were 70 confirmed locations in the United States.

Asian soybean rust (Phakopsora pachyrhizi) causes small, pustular lesions on the
foliage and pods of more than 95 plant species, including soybeans. It also
infects kudzu, an exotic nuisance weed present in southern Illinois. While the
health of the kudzu plant is not severely impacted by the disease, it serves as
a reservoir for the soybean rust pathogen. Some 85 to 90 other plants also can
serve as host plants for the disease.

First recorded in Japan in 1903 and identified for the first time in the Western
Hemisphere in Hawaii in 1994, Asian soybean rust was confirmed in the
continental United States in 2004, the same year Illinois adopted a
comprehensive plan to identify and control the disease.

The plan, a coordinated effort between the Illinois Soybean Association, U of I,
Southern Illinois University, National Soybean Research Center, USDA Animal and
Plant Health Inspection Service and Illinois Department of Agriculture,
emphasizes early detection and timely fungicide applications that can cost
upwards of $20 per acre.

"This is just one of the things that happens," Hartke said. "We knew it was a
possibility. It's been coming farther north every year. I'm sure we will find an
answer to fight this disease. We solved corn leaf blight a couple of years ago.
We'll find a solution for this."

The discovery in Illinois could prompt even more farmers to raise corn instead
of soybeans next spring. That was expected anyway because of increased demand
for corn to produce ethanol.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               July 27, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

FUNERAL HOME IN BROOKLYN INDICTED IN SALE OF BURIAL PLOTS

BYLINE: By MARVINE HOWE

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 278 words


A Brooklyn funeral home, two directors and four employees were charged yesterday
with illegally trading 170 burial plots in Brooklyn and Queens.

The funeral home, I. J. Morris Inc. in the Flatlands area, made an estimated
$70,000 profit in buying and selling the plots, which were bought from burial
societies and sold through advertisements in a Russian-language newspaper, the
prosecutors said. Trading in burial plots is illegal under state law, except for
not-for-profit cemeteries and sales by burial societies to their members.

The 35-count indictment charged one director of the well-known company, Joel
Morris, 47 years old, of New Rochelle, N.Y., with eight counts of buying and
selling grave sites, misdemeanors punishable by six months in prison and a $500
fine.

A second director, Joseph Morris, 66, of Roslyn, L.I., Joel Morris's uncle, was
charged with one count of buying grave sites. The others were charged with the
sale of grave sites.

Not Guilty Pleas

The defendants were arrested yesterday, pleaded not guilty at arraignments in
State Supreme Court in Brooklyn and were released on their own recognizance. An
employee at the home said last night that the defendants would have no immediate
comment on the charges.

The plots were bought and then sold to the funeral home's customers between
August 1986 and last August, the authorities said. The plots were in Washington
Cemetery in Brooklyn and Montefiore and Mount Hebron Cemeteries in Queens.

The four other defendants were Yakov Gavrilov, 39, of Brooklyn; George
Gallarello, 31, of Howell, N.J.; Eric Zweig, 35, of Smithtown, L.I., and Henry
Bulakowski, 35, of Bayside, Queens.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                             July 8, 2010 Thursday

US charges link British cell to NYC subway plot

BYLINE: Daily Star Staff

LENGTH: 357 words


WASHINGTON: A failed plot to set off bombs in the New York subway system last
year was part of larger Al-Qaeda conspiracy that planned a similar attack in
England, US prosecutors said Wednesday. In a terrorism indictment unsealed
Wednesday, prosecutors added several Al-Qaeda figures to the case, including
Adnan Shukrijumah, whose

Tom Hays and Matt Apuzzo

Associated Press

WASHINGTON: A failed plot to set off bombs in the New York subway system last
year was part of larger Al-Qaeda conspiracy that planned a similar attack in
England, US prosecutors said Wednesday.

In a terrorism indictment unsealed Wednesday, prosecutors added several Al-Qaeda
figures to the case, including Adnan Shukrijumah, whose name is on the FBI's
list of most-wanted terrorists.

Shukrijumah, an Al-Qaeda leader in charge of plotting attacks worldwide, was
directly involved in recruiting and plotting the New York attack, prosecutors
said. Attorney General Eric Holder has called that plot one of the most
dangerous since September 11, 2001.

Two of the men indicted Wednesday, Abid Naseer and Tariq Ur Rehman, were linked
to a previously undisclosed companion plot in England.

"These charges underscore the global nature of the terrorist threat we face,"
David Kris, the Justice Department's top national security prosecutor said.

Three US citizens were arrested in September 2009 before, prosecutors said, they
could carry out a trio of suicide bombings in Manhattan. Najibullah Zazi and
Zarein Ahmedzay have pleaded guilty and admitted planning to detonate homemade
bombs on the subway during rush hour.

A third man, Adis Medunjanin, awaits trial. Prosecutors added new terrorism
charges against him Wednesday.

After 9/11, Shukrijumah, 34, was seen as one of Al-Qaeda's best chances to
attack inside the US or Europe, captured terrorist Abu Zubaydah told US
authorities. Shukrijumah studied at a community college in Florida, but when the
FBI showed up to arrest him as a material witness to a terrorism case in 2003,
he already had left the country.

In 2004, then-Attorney General John Ashcroft called Shukrijumah a "clear and
present danger" to the United States.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2010 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           December 13, 2012 Thursday

Alleged Justin Bieber murder plot originated in Las Cruces (updated)

BYLINE: By James Staley / Las Cruces Sun-News

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 451 words


Photos: Justin Bieber target of murder plot

LAS CRUCES -- Tired of being a "nobody" and fed up with all the unrequited fan
mail he had sent to singer Justin Bieber, a convicted murderer persuaded another
convict to try to execute a plot to kill the pop artist and three other people
while the pair were incarcerated together at the Southern New Mexico
Correctional Facility, according to court documents.

Dana Martin, who was convicted of the rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl in
Vermont in 2000, had been transferred this year to the Southern New Mexico
Correctional Facility from a prison in Florida, investigators said.

It was in the prison west of Las Cruces, he told investigators, that Martin
plotted to kidnap and kill Bieber. Martin said he was infatuated with Bieber --
he even had a tattoo of the young singer on his leg.

That large tattoo came up in conversation at the Southern New Mexico
Correctional Facility, where Martin eventually persuaded Mark Staake to try to
carry out that and three other slayings, according to court documents. One was
for Bieber's bodyguard, and the two others were unrelated but particularly
gruesome because they involved the castration of the victims with garden shears,
the type used for "trimming roses," investigators discovered.

The court documents don't make clear whether there were any explicit
instructions of how to kill Bieber. Martin told investigators he was seeking
"notoriety" for planning Bieber's death.

Staake, 41, of Albuquerque, has been charged with two counts each of conspiracy
to commit first-degree murder and conspiracy to commit aggravated battery with a
deadly weapon in connection to the plan, according to a criminal complaint filed
in 3rd Judicial District Court.

According to the criminal complaint, Staake wanted his nephew Tanner Ruane, 23,
also of Albuquerque, to participate in the killings because Ruane is Staake's
"right-hand man."

The complaint says Staake and Ruane left for Vermont for the first two killings
in mid-November -- planning them so they could be in New England near a Bieber
concert scheduled in New York City. But the bumbling duo never arrived because
they missed an exit, resulting in their driving their early 1980s model,
blue-gray BMW sedan into Canada. Staake was arrested by U.S. Border Patrol
agents for a probation violation, the complaint says.

New York State Police eventually arrested Ruane. Both men are awaiting
extradition to New Mexico, according to a news release from State Police.

Martin told prison officials about the plan. He's serving two life sentences for
the 2000 rape and murder.

James Staley may be reached at jstaley@lcsun-news.com; 575-541-5476. Follow him
on Twitter @auguststaley

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Justin Bieber shakes hands with fans during his performance on the
second night of KIIS FM's Jingle Ball at Nokia Theatre LA Live on Monday, Dec.
3, 2012, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            October 10, 2008 Friday

Pleasanton cemetery may add plots

BYLINE: By Robert Jordan STAFF WRITER

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Growth; News; Local

LENGTH: 372 words


PLEASANTON   The odds are getting better for residents who want to make
Pleasanton their final resting place.

The Pleasanton Memorial Gardens Cemetery, which is at capacity, could handle as
many as 800 more people under a proposed plan to add double plots and cremains
niches on the property's south side.

The Parks and Recreation Commission unanimously approved a plan on Thursday that
would add 200 full-sized, double-depth plots and 200 smaller double plots for
the burial of cremains.

The revenue from the new plots is expected to bring in $1.95 million. Of that
money, $1.18 million would be used to install the new vaults and cremains plots
and to upgrade the entire irrigation system.

"This is a good way to get the landscape system in," said commission chair Kurt
Kummer. "And I think this is what the Pleasanton community wants to see."

The demand for cemetery space is there   represented Thursday by residents, who
all expressed their approval of the plan and asked if a list is created that
they be included.

The plan, approved by the commission and forwarded to the City Council, calls
for five basic conditions.

The biggest point is to give Pleasanton residents the first chance to get one of
the added spots, by giving residents a 12-month period to purchase a plot or
cremains niche before they are offered to nonresidents.

The plan also calls for a pricing scale that ranges from $2,800 for a double
cremains spot to $6,950 for a double burial plot. The commission also supported
the number of spots and their location.

They also approved the city staff's recommendation that Catholic Funeral
Cemetery Services continue to manage the facility, but rejected a recommendation
to give preferences to police officers, firefighters and teachers who worked in
the city but didn't live there.

"I would like (the plots) limited to Pleasanton residents," said Julie Phillips,
a 39-year resident. "We shouldn't categorize how people made their living on
deciding a space but where their roots are."

The additional plots are expected to increase the city's annual cost of cemetery
operation from $75,400 to $85,000.

The city acquired and began managing the cemetery in 2007.

Reach Robert Jordan at rjordan@bayareanewsgroup.com or 925-847-2184.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Pleasanton Pioneer Cemetery in Pleasanton, Calif,., photographed on
Friday, Oct. 10, 2008, could be expanded if the city council approves a plan by
the city's parks and recreation commission. (Cindi Christie/Contra Costa Times)
The Pleasanton Pioneer Cemetery in Pleasanton, Calif,., photographed on Friday,
Oct. 10, 2008, could be expanded if the city council approves a plan by the
city's parks and recreation commission. A tractor whirligig adorns one grave.
(Cindi Christie/Contra Costa Times)
The Pleasanton Pioneer Cemetery in Pleasanton, Calif,., photographed on Friday,
Oct. 10, 2008, could be expanded if the city council approves a plan by the
city's parks and recreation commission. (Cindi Christie/Contra Costa Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              July 23, 2012 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Military is on call for RNC

BYLINE: TED JACKOVICS, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1212 words


Forces have contingency plans in case violence erupts during major public events

BY TED JACKOVICS

The Tampa Tribune

TAMPA Former U.S. Army Command Sgt. Maj. Gary Huber was assigned to a Nike
missile site defending Chicago against Soviet bombers when he first heard about
Operation Garden Plot.

An intelligence agency believed the group Students for a Democratic Society
intended to disrupt the 1968 Democratic National Convention by seizing an Army
installation along Chicago's lakefront.

Nike Hercules missiles were equipped with nuclear warheads, and the federal
government wasn't taking any chances.

Government officials brought in an infantry brigade from Colorado and provided
Chicago-area Nike personnel with riot control equipment and marksmanship
training, said Huber, an electronics specialist whose primary Garden Plot
assignment was as a sniper.

"My job was to shoot to kill as directed," Huber said in a Skype interview from
his Illinois home. "I'm surprised we were issued ammunition because that
normally wasn't the case except when I was assigned along the East German
border."

The 1968 Democratic National Convention was indeed riotous, but nobody took over
the Army installation. More than four decades later, the idea that the military
would be called in to help police a political convention seems drastic.

That doesn't mean plans aren't still in place, though.

During the past 44 years, Operation Garden Plot has evolved and been superseded
by U.S. Northern Command plans created specifically for major public events --
including the 2012 political conventions in Tampa and Charlotte.

"During the Democratic/Republican National Conventions, Department of Defense
personnel will support the U.S. Secret Service," a U.S. Northern Command
spokesman said in an email.

"For operational security reasons we do not discuss the numbers of military
personnel and resources that are involved," U.S. Navy Lt. Cmdr. William G. Lewis
said. "Additionally, we do not share our operational plans."

The Secretary of Defense would have to approve any request for military
assistance, Lewis said.

U.S. Northern Command took over responsibility for homeland security when
President George W. Bush and the Department of Defense created the agency after
the 9/11 attacks. The agency refers to Operation Garden Plot as "an old Army
plan that no longer is in existence," Lewis said.

Military publications have reported security officials have used aspects of
Garden Plot plans and its Northern Command evolution at political conventions
from 1968 through at least 2004.

"I would say that 9/11 increased the threat perception," said John Pike,
director of GlobalSecurity.org, who has been called to testify to Congress on
military affairs. "People have been worried about al-Qaida jumping out of
manhole covers."

Pike said he understands that the military must prepare for an attack at a
political convention, though he sees that scenario as unlikely.

"I think the whole thing is pretty harmless," said Pike, who said Garden Plot
originated from conflicts over civil rights and the Vietnam War. "But look at
what's being planned for the Olympics, with an aircraft carrier in east London.

"If anything goes wrong, you are asked, 'Why didn't you plan for this.' If
nothing happens, people will say 'you overreacted.'"

The details about Garden Plot's successors are labeled "For Official Use Only."
But the original operation indicates how the government in recent years could
have planned for events in which the military would be called upon to support
civilian security forces.

A 1968 copy of the Army's Garden Plot, originally classified as confidential,
categorized Tampa/St. Petersburg as an "intermediate priority" for U.S. Army
planning.

A section on "specifics during disturbances" cited "fire, looting, arson and
numbers and types of people involved (i.e. juveniles, Negroes, Puerto Ricans)."

Indicators of potential violence included "high unemployment and increased crime
rates among minority groups" and "protests by minority groups to such conditions
as slum conditions, segregation in housing and schools, lack of jobs, lack of
recreational facilities, police brutality and local overpricing practices."

Equipment and weapons issued to soldiers involved in Operation Garden Plot
included rifles, pistols, shotguns, M60 machine guns and grenade launchers.

Subsequent documents show Garden Plot was revised over the years and changed how
intelligence was to be gathered.

U.S. Northern Command's creation resulted in Garden Plot successors, called
concept of operations plans, for "Defense Support of Civil Authorities" and
"Civil Disturbance Operations."

Among case studies in a National Guard handbook is a synopsis of planning for
the 2004 Republican National Convention in New York. It said U.S. Northern
Command provided sophisticated communications equipment to provide a common
operational picture of the convention.

"What would happen ... if there were an incident at the Convention?" the case
study said. "(The joint task force commander) could only guess because the
contingencies were simply too many and varied."

Huber, who was based at the Munster, Ind., Nike site south of Chicago in 1968,
became involved in a typical military change of plans during the Democratic
Convention.

At first, he said, he was called upon to evaluate the chemical, biological and
radiological preparedness for an assault by Students for a Democratic Society on
a Nike missile site along Lake Shore Drive, one of nine such sites encircling
Chicago and Gary, Ind.

"We had been told the protestors planned to occupy the site at Jackson Park,"
Huber said.

Launching a Nike missile required a complicated process to ensure security. But
because the launcher area contained nuclear warheads, those areas were provided
additional fencing and dog patrols at Nike sites nationwide.

"I do not know if the Army thought the SDS could launch a Nike Hercules, but
some intelligence agency made the case there was intent by the SDS and a
possibility of success," Huber said.

Huber also coordinated operations between Nike personnel and soldiers from the
5th Infantry Division from Fort Carson, Colo., and prepared to become a sniper.

"The 5th Infantry soldiers were to be used as a show of force. Others from the
Nike sites had security assignments triggered by signals, alarms or voice
announcements to report to a building, a roof, a radar mast or another security
point depending upon the alerting signal."

The Army took the Jackson Park site off operational alert, its missiles and
warheads kept in their underground magazines, and put Huber's Nike site, 20
miles to the southeast, on "hot" status, ready to launch within 15 minutes.

The Jackson Park site remained secure, beyond the Chicago protestors'
confrontations with authorities. Huber rode out the convention at the Munster,
Ind., Nike site, though not without a little excitement.

"A young person chose to penetrate the site through a hole in the bottom of a
fence the Army had temporarily filled with some concrete blocks," Huber
recalled. "He immediately met one of our German shepherd security dogs and got
hauled away."

tjackovics@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7817

Copyright © 2012, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                             July 9, 2015 Thursday

A Successful Plot;
More Online Garden Plots By The Numbers

BYLINE: Jennifer Kopf

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 432  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


JKOPF@LNPNEWS.COM

The buzz of an insect whizzing past Farm View Drive is echoed, at a lower pitch,
by the long-distance drone of a massive lawn mower criss-crossing the expanse
between garden plots and tennis courts near Golf Road.

And, though empty horse trailers are parked just around the bend, those dueling
hums are the only sounds heard one recent lunch hour at Lancaster County's
Central Park garden plots. They're broken only occasionally by the call of a
gardener, his head and neck covered against the sun high overhead, shouting a
question to the woman gardening alongside him.

That couple is too busy to chat with a random passerby, but a few rows north,
Joe Devlin eagerly waves in a visitor, past his thick rows of zinnias and
through the latched gate.

There he's been tending row upon row of tomato varieties, including Jet Stars,
he says, "because you have to have Washington Boro(-variety) tomatoes." His peas
and beans already are pulled out, their season over, but Devlin has moved on to
harvesting cucumbers for pickles and is getting ready for salsa. His onions, set
against a perimeter fence, are almost ready for harvesting and he tugs a beet
from the ground that already looks good enough for the table.

Devlin, of Bird-in-Hand, doesn't mind the drive he takes several times a week to
take care of - and weed - the garden plot he's now rented for six seasons.

"I'm retired," explains the former Willow Street postmaster, "and I like it."
Once the newbie in his section of garden plots, Devlin now has been at it long
enough that he can pass along the advice and experience he's gained.

About half a mile away, at the Lancaster County Department of Parks & Recreation
offices, executive secretary Deborah Werner says this "has been a really good
year for garden plots."

The plots rent quickly each year, Werner says, adding that the sections
designated as organic are sold out for 2015.

For video of the Central Park garden plots at midday, visit the story at
LancasterOnline.com

2

n Different sizes of garden plots in the county park; 20 feet by 20 feet, or 20
by 40. The first is $22 a season; the larger is $27.50.

300-plus

n Total number of individual garden plots.

1

n Number of times the regular garden plots are plowed in preparation for the new
planting season.

0

n Number of times the organic garden plots are plowed before each growing season
begins - this allows gardeners in those plots to carry over crops like
strawberries and asparagus that need more than one growing season.

Sources: lancastercounty

parks.org; Deborah Werner, Lancaster County Department of Parks & Recreation

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Spotted At The Garden Plots, From Top: Ribbon Reused On The Fence, In
The Time-Honored Gardener Tradition Of Using What You Already Have On Hand; A
Robust Row Of Zinnias In Bloom; Hardily Growing Cabbages.
Fstaff Photos At High Noon On A Sunny Weekday There Are Few Workers At Lancaster
County's Central Park Garden Plots - But This Stylish Scarecrow Remains On
Guard. Other Sights Include, Right From Top, Sunflowers Stretching Toward The
Clouds Rolling In; Old Wood Serving A New Purpose As A Fence; A Storm Door
Turned Garden Gate; And A Heavily Planted And Carefully Tended Corner Plot.
jennifer kop

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Utah: California's iconic redwoods in danger from fire and infectious disease

LENGTH: 903  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


National Science Foundation, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

First it was sudden oak death, the oak disease caused by the plant pathogen
Phytophthora ramorum, that threatened California's extensive coastal forests.

Now these forests' stately trees are facing a new menace: the combined effects
of sudden oak death and fire. And this time, the iconic redwoods are at risk.

Usually resistant to the effects of wildfires, California's coast redwoods are
now burning as fast as other trees. Why?

Into the redwood forest

To find answers, plant pathologist David Rizzo of the University of California
at Davis (UC Davis) and colleagues monitored more than 80,000 hectares of
forests near Big Sur, Calif. In their plots, tanoaks, California bay laurels and
coast redwoods grow.

The study began in 2006. "In 2008, almost half our plots were burned by
wildfires that lasted the better part of a month," says Rizzo.

That was the beginning of the end for many coast redwoods, surprising
researchers who expected the trees to be fire-proof.

The key to the redwood deaths, discovered Rizzo, Margaret Metz and Kerri
Frangioso of UC Davis, along with Morgan Varner of Mississippi State University
and Ross Meentemeyer of North Carolina State University, lies in the sudden oak
death pathogen.

"If redwoods didn't live in forests affected by the disease," says Metz, "they
could withstand fires just fine."

The biologists recently reported their results online in the journal Ecology,
published by the Ecological Society of America.

After the fires were under control, the scientists returned to their study plots
. Half had long been infested with the sudden oak death pathogen; half had been
spared. The redwoods' mortality risk, it turned out, was four times higher in
the sudden oak death plots as in healthy plots.

"The disease likely created more fuel for wildfires as dead tanoak branches
fell," says Rizzo. "The loss of the oaks also would have decreased the amount of
shade, drying out the forest and turning it into a tinder box, one not even
redwoods could survive."

Pathogens + fires = dead redwoods

The forest ecosystem disturbance that happens when a pathogen like sudden oak
death becomes established and starts killing trees, says Rizzo, "clearly isn't
the only one that may be important to that forest."

Sudden oak death has killed millions of trees in the coastal forests of
California and Oregon. It was first linked with the mortality of tanoaks and
coast live oaks in the San Francisco Bay area in the mid-1990s. In 2000,
Phytophthora ramorum was confirmed as the causal agent.

Analyses of the pathogen's genetic structure indicate that a single introduction
sparked the wave of disease. It likely originated at a nursery in Santa Cruz,
Calif.

Since then, scientists have found that the pathogen has infected plants in 45
genera, including ferns. "These host species are important parts of the forests
along the California coast and at the wildland-urban interface," says Rizzo.

The pathogen's current range extends more than 435 miles from the Big Sur area
in central California north to Mendocino County, with smaller affected areas in
Humboldt County, Calif., and Curry County, Ore. Forests along Big Sur are among
the most affected, with 100 percent of tanoaks infected in some stands.

Many of those forests are also prone to wildfires. "There's a growing concern
that dead trees from the disease may make wildfires worse," Metz says.

The 2008 wildfires were the first in forests affected by sudden oak death. The
largest fire, called the Basin Complex, was ignited by a lightning storm in
June. It burned more than 95,000 hectares in the Big Sur region.

In September, the Chalk Fire started south of the Basin Complex perimeter; it
burned an additional 16,000 acres. "More than 40 percent of our 280 plots went
up in flames, 98 in the Basin Fire, and 23 in the Chalk Fire," says Rizzo.

A month after containment of the Basin Complex fire, the researchers surveyed 61
plots to measure burn severity before the forest could change with the onset of
California's winter rains. "These measurements serve as our baseline data on
ecosystem responses to interactions between fire and infectious disease," says
Rizzo.

Key hidden high in the forest canopy

When sudden oak death kills tanoaks, it alters the trees in ways that leave
neighboring redwoods vulnerable, the researchers found.

Flames are carried high into the tree canopy by the dead tanoaks; they then
scorch the crowns of surrounding redwoods. Injury to the redwoods' crowns is
what likely caused the trees to die in the 2008 fires, the scientists believe.

"Humans are causing widespread changes throughout our world, including greater
wildfires related to changing climate and from increasing infectious diseases
due to more modes of transportation," says Sam Scheiner, program director at the
National Science Foundation (NSF) for the joint NSF-NIH Ecology and Evolution of
Infectious Diseases Program, which funded the research.

"This study shows that these changes can combine in unexpected ways that can be
very destructive. More such research is needed if we are to prepare for what's
to come."

Rizzo agrees. "We're moving species around the globe at high rates, and global
warming has increased fire severity. There may be all sorts of consequences,
among them, dead and dying coast redwoods."

For further information please visit: http://www.nsf.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                             March 3, 2012 Saturday
                        1 - First with the news Edition

PILOT TERROR - Lecter leads TV's new list of killers, chillers and thrillers

BYLINE: GEOFF SHEARER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 679  words


SUPERNATURAL thrillers and serial killers feature prominently in the more than
90 TV drama series pilots in commission by the big US networks.

A haunted New York apartment block, a murderer who gathers an army of serial
killers, the return of Hannibal

Lecter and a modern-day Sherlock Holmes strutting around Manhattan, will all be
competing to make it to air this year.

The pilot season in the US - where networks commission TV producers to go off
and create ``sample'' one-off episodes of their story pitches - annually
attracts a flood of young Australian actors to Los Angeles hoping to be cast.

Already Rebel Wilson has scored her own pilot, backed by talkshow host Conan
O'Brien as executive producer, and Aussie actors Daisy Betts, Dichen Lachman and
Dan Lissing have signed on for the US nuclear submarine thriller Last Resort.

Longtime America-based Anthony LaPaglia will head Americana, while Portia de
Rossi tries for another TV hit with The Smart One, and Rachael Taylor will climb
out from under the wreck of last year's axed Charlie's Angels for the chiller
666 Park Avenue - which sounds the most promising of the supernatural-infused
pilots.

It will share scare space with Gotham, in which a New York policewoman discovers
an unseen world within the metropolis; Hannibal (already picked up for a
13-episode season), which puts the serial-killer cannibal back on the streets;
as well as the futuristic Beautiful People, where mechanical servants begin to
rebel.

This year, the US has again gone dipping into the successful UK TV gene pool
looking for a trans-Atlantic translation that works.

Long-running British sitcom Only Fools and Horses - which starred David Jason -
gets a US makeover.

John Leguizamo and Dustin Ybarra will play the two brothers who, along with
their grandfather, concoct a series of ridiculous get-rich-quick schemes.

And the UK modern-day Sherlock series - with Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin
Freeman - will be

re-imagined (again) as Elementary with Jonny Lee Miller as Holmes and Lucy Liu
as Watson.

Of course, there are a few pitches that sound mightily familiar as they try to
coat-tail recent hits on TV or film.

Shelter is based on rivalries and romances between staff and guests at a
historic New England summer resort. Been there, done that with Hotel.

Also trawling old ground are Notorious, in which a female detective goes
undercover as a maid's daughter to solve a murder in the wealthy family home in
which she was raised; The Carrie Diaries, which features a younger Carrie
Bradshaw from Sex and the City stepping into the limelight as she comes of age
in the 1980s; and Save Me, starring Anne Heche as a woman who starts to believe
that she is channelling God after she has an accident, which sounds like
Enlightened or perhaps Heche Almighty.

Untitled Kevin Williamson project

Stars: Kevin Bacon, James Purefoy

Plot: Thriller that pits a serial killer who has assembled a huge cult against
an FBI profiler.

666 Park Avenue

Stars: Terry O'Quinn, Rachael Taylor

Plot: A young couple are hired as resident managers of a New York building
plagued by supernatural happenings.

All Talk

Stars: Ben Stiller

Plot: The life-altering dramas of a Jewish family in Washington.

Americana

Stars: Anthony LaPaglia

Plot: A legendary fashion designer and his personal, family and business
struggles.

Counter Culture

Stars: Doris Roberts

Plot: Three elderly sisters try to keep their family diner in West Texas up and
running.

Downwardly Mobile

Stars: Roseanne Barr, John Goodman

Plot: She runs a mobile home park and he's a handyman.

Sounds like Roseanne all over again, but in a smaller house.

Joey Dakota

Stars: No names attached

Plot: A time-travel musical in which a filmmaker goes back to the 1990s where
she meets and falls in love with a rock star.

Super Fun Night

Cast: Rebel Wilson

Plot: Three geeky girls and their freaky Friday nights out.

The Viagra Diaries

Stars: Goldie Hawn

Plot: A woman's struggles with being single for the first time in 35 years.

The New Normal

Stars: Andrew Rannells, Justin Bartha, Ellen Barkin

Plot: Gay couple employ a surrogate to start a family.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 19, 2011 Friday

BRIEF: UPDATED: Two arraigned in connection with murder-for-hire plot

BYLINE: Izaskun E. LarraNeta, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 223 words


Aug. 19--NEW LONDON -- Two of the three men arrested by city police in
connection with a murder-for-hire plot were arraigned this afternoon in the G.A.
10 court.

Gerardo Carrillo, 26, of Westbrook, and Elmer Melendez, 28, of 208 Crystal Ave.,
were each charged with possession of a weapon in a motor vehicle, criminal
attempt to commit murder, and conspiracy to commit murder.

The judge set bail for each man at $2 million and transferred their cases to
Part A, the upper level of Superior Court. Melendez is due to appear Aug. 29 and
Carrillo is scheduled to appear Aug. 30.

Police said the plot was discovered early Thursday morning. Probable cause
reports in the case are remaining sealed to protect the identity of a
confidential informant and to protect the accused men while they are
incarcerated.

A third person, Antonio Pena, 35, of 187 Huntington St., Apt. D14, was arrested
Friday in New Haven in connection with the case. He was charged with conspiracy
to commit murder. He is expected to be arraigned Monday.

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110819-NL-BRF-UPDATED-Two-arraigned-in-connection-with-murder-for-hire-plot
-0819-20110819

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2011 The Day
