
                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 20, 2012 Tuesday

Washington: Investment Manager Charged in Manhattan Federal Court with
Perpetrating Multi-Million-Dollar Fraud Schemes

LENGTH: 595  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
and Mary E. Galligan, the Acting Assistant Director in Charge of the New York
Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), today announced the
unsealing of an indictment charging Stephen Colangelo, Jr., with engaging in two
separate schemes that defrauded investors out of more than $2.7 million.
Colangelo's first scheme involved a hedge fund he controlled called the Brickell
Fund LLC (the "Brickell Fund"), and his second scheme involved three companies
he created and controlled called "Hedge Community," "Start A Hedge Fund," and
"Under the Radar SEO" (the "business ventures"). Colangelo misled investors in
the course of both of these schemes by making numerous false statements and
representations, which included issuing fraudulent performance statements,
private placement memoranda, and other business documents. He was arrested at
his home in Congers, New York this morning, and will be presented and arraigned
in Manhattan federal court before U.S. Magistrate Judge Debra Freeman this
afternoon.

Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara stated, "As alleged, Stephen Colangelo
held himself out to be an investment manager who lured in clients to funds that
he used as vehicles for stealing millions of dollars of investor money. Alleged
schemes like Colangelo's are all too familiar, and we will continue to prosecute
those who defraud their investors."

New York FBI Acting Assistant Director in Charge Mary E. Galligan said,
"Colangelo was arrested by FBI agents today for allegedly swindling investors
not once, but in two different fraudulent schemes. He reaped an estimated 2.7
million dollars, which he used for personal expenses. These are investment
schemes the FBI has seen all too often. We remain committed to investigating and
apprehending those who seek to deceive investors."

The following allegations are based on the Indictment unsealed today in
Manhattan federal court:

From March 2009 to February 2011, Colangelo represented that he was an
investment manager and solicited funds from private investors for the Brickell
Fund, a purported hedge fund he operated. In the course of soliciting funds from
investors, Colangelo made numerous false and fraudulent statements and
representations. Specifically, he told potential investors that his compensation
for managing their investments in the Brickell Fund would be a nominal
management fee and a certain percentage of trading profits, thus ensuring his
compensation would be dependent on his trading success. In reality, Colangelo
regularly misappropriated large amounts of investor money for his own personal
benefit and to support unrelated business ventures. He also regularly made
claims to investors concerning investment strategy and alleged profits, which
turned out to be entirely false. Based on these and other fraudulent statements
and misrepresentations, Colangelo defrauded investors out of more than $1.6
million in connection with the Brickell Fund.

From August 2009 to October 2011, Colangelo solicited investments in the
Business Ventures. In so doing, Colangelo represented that investment money
would be used for legitimate business expenses, when, in reality, he
misappropriated a large amount of the investments for his own personal benefit.
Colangelo defrauded investors of well over $1.1 million in connection with the
Business Ventures.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


           Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 24, 2012 Saturday

Two sentenced in fraud and bribery scheme for Destin condo

BYLINE: Lauren Sage Reinlie, Northwest Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 410 words


March 24--PENSACOLA -- Two Destin residents who pleaded guilty in connection
with a fraud and bribery scheme to purchase a condominium were sentenced Friday.

Jackie Fair, 71, was sentenced to six years in prison and Jane McDonald, 58, was
sentenced to 15 months, according to Len Register, a spokesman for the U.S.
Attorney's Office in Pensacola.

Prominent Crestview attorney Chris Cadenhead and Destin broker Randy Branham
also face charges in the scheme to defraud a Georgia bank in order to purchase a
$2 million condominium in Destin.

In September, Larry Malone, the lending officer for Southwest Georgia Farm
Credit in Bainbridge, Ga., pleaded guilty to bank fraud and receiving a gift for
procuring a loan.

Fair pleaded guilty to bribery of a loan officer and conspiracy to commit bank
fraud. He and McDonald also pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit mail fraud
and mail fraud.

Cadenhead also pleaded guilty to all four charges, but his sentencing has been
postponed because he is testifying as a witness against his co-defendant,
Branham.

Branham's retrial is scheduled for April 2.

Attorneys want the sentencing judge to consider Cadenhead's help in the
investigation and prosecution of other people who have committed offenses,
according to court records.

The group conspired between 2005 and 2007 to purchase a penthouse at Grand
Harbor condominiums in Destin for Fair and McDonald's use, according to court
records.

Branham contacted the Georgia bank about a loan, and then Malone procured a
$700,000 loan for Cadenhead, with the understanding that there would be a
kickback, according to court records.

Cadenhead used $500,000 to purchase the condominium for Fair and McDonald, and
paid a $50,000 bribe to Malone and a $25,000 bribe to Branham, according to
court records.

He had said the loan was going to be used to purchase timber.

McDonald and Fair also took out loans using false information, court records
state.

In his sentencing of Fair and McDonald on Friday, Chief U.S. District Judge
Casey Rodgers exceeded the federal recommended sentencing guidelines, Register
said.

Fair and McDonald also forfeited a 2004 Range Rover sport utility vehicle and a
ring with a 5.37-carat diamond and two 1.17-carat diamonds set in platinum,
according to court records.

___ (c)2012 the Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) Visit the
Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) at www.nwfdailynews.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120324-FO-Two-sentenced-in-fraud-and-bribery-scheme
-for-Destin-condo-0324-20120324

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FO


                  Copyright 2012 Northwest Florida Daily News


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 24, 2015 Tuesday

Leader of Bank Fraud Conspiracy Sentenced to 33 Months in Custody

LENGTH: 318 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Southern District of California has
issued the following news release:



  A leader of a sophisticated bank fraud scheme that used dozens of bank
accounts in the names of fictitious businesses was sentenced today to 33 months
in prison for his role in causing $689,000 in losses to Bank of America.


 U.S. Chief District Judge Barry Ted Moskowitz sentenced Vahag Stepanyan of Las
Vegas, Nevada, to almost three years in custody based on the defendant's
&ldquo;brazen&rdquo; scheme to defraud a federally insured financial
institution, as well as for his participation in a separate tax fraud scheme
that resulted in millions of dollars in fraudulent claims for tax refunds.
 As a part of the bank fraud scheme, Stepanyan guided other co-conspirators in
the creation of fictitious business entities in Nevada that were used to set up
accounts at Bank of America.  Stepanyan and other co-conspirators then engaged
in a series of bank transactions that allowed co-conspirators to withdraw
recently deposited funds from the bank accounts before Bank of America learned
that the accounts did not have sufficient funds to cover the withdrawals. The
scheme resulted in a loss of $689,000 to Bank of America.
 In addition, as a part of a separate scheme to defraud the Internal Revenue
Service, Stepanyan cashed checks drawn on accounts that had received fraudulent
tax refunds. At the sentencing hearing, Judge Moskowitz remarked that
Stepanyan's participation in a scheme to defraud the United States &ldquo;added
insult to injury&rdquo; because he sought to take advantage of the nation that
had welcomed him from Armenia.
 At the conclusion of today's sentencing hearing, Judge Moskowitz remanded
Stepanyan into custody to begin serving his 33-month sentence.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 24, 2015 Tuesday

Leader of Bank Fraud Conspiracy Sentenced to 33 Months in Custody

LENGTH: 318 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Southern District of California has
issued the following news release:



  A leader of a sophisticated bank fraud scheme that used dozens of bank
accounts in the names of fictitious businesses was sentenced today to 33 months
in prison for his role in causing $689,000 in losses to Bank of America.


 U.S. Chief District Judge Barry Ted Moskowitz sentenced Vahag Stepanyan of Las
Vegas, Nevada, to almost three years in custody based on the defendant's
&ldquo;brazen&rdquo; scheme to defraud a federally insured financial
institution, as well as for his participation in a separate tax fraud scheme
that resulted in millions of dollars in fraudulent claims for tax refunds.
 As a part of the bank fraud scheme, Stepanyan guided other co-conspirators in
the creation of fictitious business entities in Nevada that were used to set up
accounts at Bank of America.  Stepanyan and other co-conspirators then engaged
in a series of bank transactions that allowed co-conspirators to withdraw
recently deposited funds from the bank accounts before Bank of America learned
that the accounts did not have sufficient funds to cover the withdrawals. The
scheme resulted in a loss of $689,000 to Bank of America.
 In addition, as a part of a separate scheme to defraud the Internal Revenue
Service, Stepanyan cashed checks drawn on accounts that had received fraudulent
tax refunds. At the sentencing hearing, Judge Moskowitz remarked that
Stepanyan's participation in a scheme to defraud the United States &ldquo;added
insult to injury&rdquo; because he sought to take advantage of the nation that
had welcomed him from Armenia.
 At the conclusion of today's sentencing hearing, Judge Moskowitz remanded
Stepanyan into custody to begin serving his 33-month sentence.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

Washington: Minnesota Man Sentenced to 20 Years in Prison for Extortion Scheme
That Spanned Over Twenty Years

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Yesterday, U.S. District Judge Steven P. Logan sentenced Steven Dale Audette,
59, of Duluth, MN, to 240 months in prison and three years of supervised release
for stealing approximately $3.5 million through an elaborate extortion scheme.
Audette was found guilty by a federal jury on March 24, 2016, of one count of
conspiracy and ninety counts of wire fraud. His co-defendant and wife, Mary
Roach, had previously pleaded guilty to conspiracy and was sentenced to 33
months in prison.



      Evidence at trial showed that Audette stole nearly $3.5 million from three
victims in Scottsdale, Ariz., by falsely representing that Audette was on the
run from the mafia and needed funds to pay the CIA and FBI for protection.
Audette tormented the victims by threatening that if they did not provide money
their family members, including children, would be murdered. The victims' money
was spent by Audette on cars, travel, homes, gifts to family and friends, and
other personal items.

      The scheme continued for over twenty years, with Audette escalating the
threats and harm to the victims if they did not comply with his demands for
money. Audette operated the scheme from Arizona, Minnesota, Texas, and Alabama,
among other states.

      "Through lies, deceit, and threats Audette took advantage of the
generosity and vulnerability of the victims. We will vigorously pursue and bring
to justice those who would defraud the public," stated United States Attorney
John S. Leonardo.

      The investigation in this case was conducted by ATF, IRS and the Marion
Country Sherriff's Office in Chattanooga, Tenn. The prosecution was handled by
Kevin M. Rapp and Andrew C. Stone, Assistant U.S. Attorneys, District of
Arizona, Phoenix.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

Washington: Minnesota Man Sentenced to 20 Years in Prison for Extortion Scheme
That Spanned Over Twenty Years

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Yesterday, U.S. District Judge Steven P. Logan sentenced Steven Dale Audette,
59, of Duluth, MN, to 240 months in prison and three years of supervised release
for stealing approximately $3.5 million through an elaborate extortion scheme.
Audette was found guilty by a federal jury on March 24, 2016, of one count of
conspiracy and ninety counts of wire fraud. His co-defendant and wife, Mary
Roach, had previously pleaded guilty to conspiracy and was sentenced to 33
months in prison.



      Evidence at trial showed that Audette stole nearly $3.5 million from three
victims in Scottsdale, Ariz., by falsely representing that Audette was on the
run from the mafia and needed funds to pay the CIA and FBI for protection.
Audette tormented the victims by threatening that if they did not provide money
their family members, including children, would be murdered. The victims' money
was spent by Audette on cars, travel, homes, gifts to family and friends, and
other personal items.

      The scheme continued for over twenty years, with Audette escalating the
threats and harm to the victims if they did not comply with his demands for
money. Audette operated the scheme from Arizona, Minnesota, Texas, and Alabama,
among other states.

      "Through lies, deceit, and threats Audette took advantage of the
generosity and vulnerability of the victims. We will vigorously pursue and bring
to justice those who would defraud the public," stated United States Attorney
John S. Leonardo.

      The investigation in this case was conducted by ATF, IRS and the Marion
Country Sherriff's Office in Chattanooga, Tenn. The prosecution was handled by
Kevin M. Rapp and Andrew C. Stone, Assistant U.S. Attorneys, District of
Arizona, Phoenix.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

Washington: Minnesota Man Sentenced to 20 Years in Prison for Extortion Scheme
That Spanned Over Twenty Years

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Yesterday, U.S. District Judge Steven P. Logan sentenced Steven Dale Audette,
59, of Duluth, MN, to 240 months in prison and three years of supervised release
for stealing approximately $3.5 million through an elaborate extortion scheme.
Audette was found guilty by a federal jury on March 24, 2016, of one count of
conspiracy and ninety counts of wire fraud. His co-defendant and wife, Mary
Roach, had previously pleaded guilty to conspiracy and was sentenced to 33
months in prison.



      Evidence at trial showed that Audette stole nearly $3.5 million from three
victims in Scottsdale, Ariz., by falsely representing that Audette was on the
run from the mafia and needed funds to pay the CIA and FBI for protection.
Audette tormented the victims by threatening that if they did not provide money
their family members, including children, would be murdered. The victims' money
was spent by Audette on cars, travel, homes, gifts to family and friends, and
other personal items.

      The scheme continued for over twenty years, with Audette escalating the
threats and harm to the victims if they did not comply with his demands for
money. Audette operated the scheme from Arizona, Minnesota, Texas, and Alabama,
among other states.

      "Through lies, deceit, and threats Audette took advantage of the
generosity and vulnerability of the victims. We will vigorously pursue and bring
to justice those who would defraud the public," stated United States Attorney
John S. Leonardo.

      The investigation in this case was conducted by ATF, IRS and the Marion
Country Sherriff's Office in Chattanooga, Tenn. The prosecution was handled by
Kevin M. Rapp and Andrew C. Stone, Assistant U.S. Attorneys, District of
Arizona, Phoenix.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

Arizona: Former Rite Aid Vice President and New Jersey Businessman Charged in
$14.6 Million Fraud and Kickback Scheme

LENGTH: 788  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON--The United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of
Pennsylvania announced today that a former Rite Aid Corporation Vice President
and a New Jersey businessman have been charged in connection with a $14.6
million, surplus inventory sales/kickback scheme.

According to United States Attorney Peter Smith, Jay Findling, age 54, of
Manalapan, New Jersey, is charged in a Criminal Information filed today in the
United States District Court in Harrisburg with conspiracy to commit wire fraud.
Former Rite Aid Vice President Timothy P. Foster, 65, of Portland, Oregon, is
charged in the same criminal information with making false statements to
authorities.

The charges are based upon Foster's and Findling's alleged nine year conspiracy
to defraud Rite Aid, a publicly-owned national drug store chain with its
headquarters located in Camp Hill, Pennsylvania, via a surplus inventory sales
scheme that took place between 2001 and 2010. As the Vice President for Quality
Assurance, Foster's primary responsibilities at Rite Aid involved the
liquidation of surplus Rite Aid inventory across the United States. During the
time period in question, Foster worked for Rite Aid in Oregon. According to the
criminal information, Findling's and Foster's scheme succeeded by making Rite
Aid believe its surplus inventory had been sold to Findling's company, J. Finn
Industries LLC, for amounts reported by Foster when, in fact, the inventory had
been sold to third parties for greater amounts. Findling would then kick back a
portion of his profits to Foster.

The scheme allegedly started in 2001 and continued until February of 2010 when
Foster resigned from Rite Aid. According to the criminal information, Findling
established a bank account in New Jersey under the name of "Rite Aid Salvage
Liquidation." The account was used by the two conspirators to collect the
payments submitted by the real buyers of the surplus Rite Aid inventory. After
the payments were received, Findling sent lesser amounts dictated by Foster to
Rite Aid for the goods, thus inducing Rite Aid to believe the inventory had been
purchased by J. Finn Industries, not the real buyers. According to the criminal
information, Findling received at least $87.4 million from the real buyers of
the surplus Rite Aid inventory but, with Foster's help, only had to tender $72.8
million of that amount to Rite Aid, leaving Findling approximately $14.6 million
in profits from the scheme.

The criminal information also alleges that Foster knowingly and willfully lied
when he was interviewed by FBI agents in January 2014 and denied he conspired
with Findling to defraud Rite Aid. Foster later recanted his false statements
when he was re-interviewed by the FBI in May 2014. During that interview Foster
not only admitted he conspired to defraud Rite Aid with Findling, he voluntarily
surrendered $2,941,940 in cash kickbacks Findling had paid Foster over the life
of the conspiracy.

The Criminal Information was filed pursuant to plea agreements with the two
defendants. Both agreements, which are subject to approval by the court, require
the defendants to cooperate with the government and to pay restitution to Rite
Aid as ordered by the court. Findling's plea agreement also obligates him to
make a $11.6 million lump sum forfeiture payment to the government at the time
he enters his guilty plea. No date has been scheduled as yet for the entry of
Foster's or Findling's guilty plea.

The case was investigated by the Harrisburg Office of the FBI. Both defendants
are being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Kim Douglas Daniel.

Indictments and criminal informations are only allegations. All persons charged
are presumed to be innocent unless and until found guilty in court.

A sentence following a finding of guilty is imposed by the judge after
consideration of the applicable federal sentencing statutes and the federal
sentencing guidelines.

Both the false statement and the conspiracy count are punishable by up to five
years' imprisonment and a $250,000 fine. Under the federal sentencing
guidelines, the judge is also required to consider and weigh a number of
factors, including the nature, circumstances and seriousness of the offense; the
history and characteristics of the defendant; and the need to punish the
defendant, protect the public and provide for the defendant's educational,
vocational and medical needs. For these reasons, the statutory maximum penalty
for the offense is not an accurate indicator of the potential sentence for a
specific defendant.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                             January 6, 2017 Friday
                              Worcester TG Edition

$20M found hidden in box spring;
Brazilian man arrested in TelexFree case

BYLINE: Telegram & Gazette Staff

SECTION: NEWS; 1

LENGTH: 543 words


BOSTON -- Federal agents seized approximately $20 million in cash hidden inside
a box spring in Westboro and arrested a Brazilian man late Wednesday as part of
the continuing investigation of the massive TelexFree pyramid scheme, according
to the office of U.S. Attorney Carmen Ortiz.

Investigators believe the man arrested, 28-year-old Cleber Rene Rizerio Rocha,
conspired to launder proceeds of the scheme, which has resulted in a guilty plea
in federal court by TelexFree's co-founder and a federal warrant for another
co-founder, who allegedly fled to Brazil.

In April 2014 federal agents searched the Marlboro headquarters of TelexFree.
Later that day, Carlos Wanzeler, one of the co-founders, allegedly fled to
Brazil, where he has remained. Mr. Wanzeler and TelexFree co-founder James
Merrill were indicted in July 2014 on charges they operated the company, which
sold internet telephone service, as a massive pyramid scheme.

The company filed for bankruptcy in April 2014 amid state and federal
investigations, and an estimated 1.9 million people worldwide may have
participated in it. Investigators say most of the $360 million that TelexFree
collected from 2012 to 2014 came from people who paid to promote the business by
placing advertisements on websites and recruiting other participants. A
bankruptcy judge has declared TelexFree a pyramid and Ponzi scheme. Mr. Merrill
pleaded guilty to charges in October 2016 and is awaiting sentencing.

SEE $20M,  B2

Mr. Rocha was charged in a criminal complaint with one count of conspiring to
commit money laundering. He was detained Thursday after an appearance before
U.S. District Court Magistrate Judge Judith G. Dein.

According to the complaint, an intermediary working on Mr. Wanzeler's behalf
contacted an associate for help transferring millions of dollars of TelexFree
money -- still hidden in the Greater Boston area -- from the United States to
Brazil. The associate, who later became a cooperating witness for the
government, allegedly arranged with Mr. Wanzeler's nephew in Brazil to launder
the cash through Hong Kong, convert it to Brazilian reals, and transfer it to
Brazilian accounts, the U.S. attorney's office said.

The U.S. attorney's office said Mr. Rocha, acting as a courier for Mr.
Wanzeler's nephew, flew from Brazil to JFK Airport in New York City a few days
ago. Wednesday, Mr. Rocha met the cooperating witness at a restaurant in Hudson
and allegedly gave him $2.2 million in a suitcase. After the meeting, agents
followed Mr. Rocha to an apartment complex in Westboro and later arrested him.
That night, federal agents searched an apartment at the Westboro complex and
seized a massive stockpile of cash hidden in a box spring. The cash appears to
total approximately $20 million, according to the U.S. attorney's office.

Mr. Rocha faces up to 20 years in prison, according to the U.S. attorney's
office. A detention hearing will be held Jan. 11 in Boston, according to the
U.S. attorney.

U.S. Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz and Matthew Etre, special agent in charge of
Homeland Security investigations in Boston, made the announcement Thursday.
Assistant U.S. Attorneys Andrew E. Lelling and Neil J. Gallagher, Jr., of Ms.
Ortiz's Economic Crimes Unit are prosecuting the case.

From Page B1

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2017 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 27, 2015 Friday

STAMFORD MAN SENTENCED TO 3 YEARS IN PRISON FOR ROLE IN FAIRFIELD COUNTY
MORTGAGE FRAUD SCHEME

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Hartford


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Connecticut has issued the
following press release:

The United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut announced that ASM
AFSARY, 42, of Stamford, was sentenced today by Chief U.S. District Judge Janet
C. Hall in New Haven to 36 months of imprisonment, followed by five years of
supervised release, for conspiring to defraud financial institutions through an
extensive mortgage fraud scheme that involved more than 20 properties in
Fairfield County.

According to court documents and statements made in court, between 2005 and
2013, AFSARY, a real estate agent and former mortgage broker, participated in a
mortgage fraud conspiracy that involved the purchase of numerous single and
multi-family properties, primarily in Stamford, Norwalk and Bridgeport.  During
the scheme, AFSARY and his co-conspirators provided materially false information
to mortgage lenders.  The fraudulent information included false verifications of
mortgage applicants' income, false verifications of down payments for real
estate transactions and false HUD-1 Forms.

As part of the scheme, AFSARY recruited and directed the actions of several
"straw buyers," or individuals who fraudulently applied for and obtained
mortgage loans but did not have an actual financial investment or stake in the
mortgage loan transactions.  In fact, AFSARY was the intended owner of the
property, managed the property and collected all of the rents from the property.

Through this scheme, lenders suffered losses of more than $7 million.  Many of
the properties involved in this mortgage fraud scheme ended up in foreclosure,
or in short sale transactions.

AFSARY was ordered to pay restitution in the amount of $3,327,949.20.

On June 16, 2014, AFSARY pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit
wire fraud and bank fraud.  He was ordered to report to prison on July 31, 2015.

Three other individuals involved in this scheme have also pleaded guilty and
await sentencing.
This investigation is being conducted by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and
the Federal Housing Finance Agency - Office of Inspector General, which
identified multiple Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac loans that went into foreclosure.

The criminal case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Ann M. Nevins
and Special Assistant U.S. Attorney John McReynolds, and the parallel civil
forfeiture cases are being handled by Assistant U.S. Attorney Julie G. Turbert.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: Investment Managers Arrested and Charged in $11 Million Investment and
$8 Million Bank Fraud Schemes

LENGTH: 762  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

John R. Lakian and Diane W. Lamm have been charged in a five-count indictment
alleging conspiracy to commit securities, wire and bank fraud, and two counts of
substantive securities fraud in connection with schemes to defraud investors and
banks of millions of dollars. The defendants will be arraigned later today at
the federal courthouse in Brooklyn, New York.

The charges were announced by Loretta E. Lynch, United States Attorney for the
Eastern District of New York and Diego G. Rodriguez, Assistant
Director-in-Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation, New York Field Office
(FBI).

According to the indictment, between February 2009 and July 2013, the defendants
were involved in two schemes to steal investors' money. In the first, the
defendants obtained more than $11 million by promising investors that their
money would be used to purchase, consolidate and sell registered investment
advisory businesses. Instead of investing the money as promised, the defendants
diverted a significant amount of it into their own pockets, to restaurant
businesses they controlled, and to pay Lakian's home mortgage. In the second
scheme, the defendants perpetrated fraud through their management of the
liquidation of a North Carolina-based investment fund with more than 100
investors. Instead of returning the fund's proceeds to investors, Lakian and
Lamm diverted investors' money to themselves and to restaurant businesses they
controlled. In addition, the indictment alleges a third scheme in which, between
2009 and 2012, Lakian and Lamm submitted fake tax returns, bank statements, and
other false documents to banks in Brooklyn, Long Island, and elsewhere in
applications to obtain more than $8 million in loans. These forged documents
overstated Lakian's income and assets by millions of dollars.

"As alleged, Lakian and Lamm preyed upon more than 100 investors, in multiple
schemes, stealing their hard-earned money to use for their own purposes. They
similarly disregarded the interests of lending institutions by submitting forged
documents to banks in an attempt to fraudulently secure more than $8 million in
loans" stated United States Attorney Lynch. "This Office will investigate and
prosecute to the fullest extent those who victimize investors and commit
financial fraud."

"As charged, instead of carefully investing their clients' money, one defendant
paid off his mortgage, and in another instance the defendants diverted cash to a
restaurant venture. They lied, cheated, and stole. This type of behavior is
unacceptable. It's also illegal. And it should be a stark reminder to anyone who
is driven by greed. These insidious investment schemes will be identified and
disrupted," stated FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge Rodriguez.

The charges contained in the indictment are merely allegations, and the
defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty. If convicted,
the defendants face a maximum sentence of 30 years' imprisonment on the bank
fraud count, 20 years on each of the securities fraud counts, and five years on
the securities and wire fraud conspiracy counts. Additionally, if convicted,
Lakian and Lamm may be fined up to $5 million for the securities fraud counts
and $1 million for the bank fraud count.

The government's case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney
Whitman G.S. Knapp and Brian D. Morris.

This prosecution was the result of efforts by President Obama's Financial Fraud
Enforcement Task Force (FFETF) which was created in November 2009 to wage an
aggressive, coordinated, and proactive effort to investigate and prosecute
financial crimes. With more than 20 federal agencies, 94 U.S. Attorneys'
Offices, and state and local partners, it's the broadest coalition of law
enforcement, investigatory, and regulatory agencies ever assembled to combat
fraud. Since its formation, the task force has made great strides in
facilitating increased investigation and prosecution of financial crimes;
enhancing coordination and cooperation among federal, state, and local
authorities; addressing discrimination in the lending and financial markets and
conducting outreach to the public, victims, financial institutions, and other
organizations. Over the past three fiscal years, the Justice Department has
filed more than 10,000 financial fraud cases against nearly 15,000 defendants
including more than 2,700 mortgage fraud defendants.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            November 2, 2012 Friday

Oakland Raiders notebook: Changeup in blocking schemes helping the run game

BYLINE: By Jerry McDonald jmcdonald@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Breaking; Raiders; News; Local; Football

LENGTH: 758 words


ALAMEDA -- From the beginning of the Dennis Allen era, the Raiders promised to
be multiple on defense, mixing zone with man-to-man and changing up occasionally
between 4-3 and 3-4 alignments and using the blitz as a weapon.

Offense, and the running game in particular, was a different story. The Raiders
were going back to the zone scheme full time, a system they ran with coach Tom
Cable from 2007 through 2009.

During the bye week, with a stalled running game and a 1-4 record, Allen and
offensive coordinator Greg Knapp came to the same conclusion Hue Jackson did
when he was handed the keys to the offense by Al Davis as offensive coordinator
in 2010:

The running game would be better suited with more diversity in terms of
blocking.

It was one of the first things Tampa Bay coach Greg Schiano noticed when
comparing the pre-bye and post-bye Raiders on film.

"They added a little bit in the run game, they started running some more gap
scheme stuff," Schiano told Bay Area reporters by conference call.

Given that Knapp has a longstanding belief in the zone scheme, chances are the
change was made reluctantly, although out of necessity.

Knapp worked with Alex Gibbs, the guru of the zone system, in Atlanta. Purists
of the zone blocking system, and that includes Cable, don't believe in
deviation. Rather than fire off at a specific defender, zone runs call for more
lateral movement and clearing of an area. It takes time to perfect and execute.

Running backs hesitate only long enough to take one cut and head upfield when
they find a lane.

During training camp, line coach Frank Pollack, brought in by Knapp to install
the scheme, said "If you just dabble in it, you won't be able to take it to the
next level without having mass chaos."

Fast-forward to the fourth quarter of the Raiders' 26-16 win over Kansas City on
Sunday. The Raiders rushed for 95 yards on 20 carries with a mixture of zone and
more straight-ahead gap runs.

"We definitely increased our gap run blocking scheme to get a better balance and
keep defenses honest, and we've done it well, so we'll keep that same kind of
formula working," Knapp said. "It's a good changeup."

Center Stefen Wisniewski can see where immersing the offense in the zone scheme
before blending it with gap blocking was of some benefit.

"It makes a lot of sense. That's where our coaches came from and that's their
mindset," Wisniewski said. "Coming in it was zone, zone, zone, zone. But I think
they're starting to get to know us better and we're getting to know them and so
they're seeing we can be successful doing both."

Knapp said outside zone plays accounted for much of the fourth-quarter yardage,
and his hope against Tampa Bay is to get the steady gains going earlier.

"I would like to have a little more consistency on the 3- to 6-yard gains
throughout the half," Knapp said. "But I was glad the guys stayed patient up
front. I kept reminding them, 'Hey, we're going to stay with this. The score
says it's OK. We're going to stay patient with our game.' "

The Raiders announced the Tampa Bay game would be televised locally, the 12th
consecutive game that has been shown in the local market.

It was the second time the Raiders asked for an extension of the Thursday
deadline. A win over Jacksonville was televised with an attendance of 51,634
with the help of a new rule which allows a "sellout" to be declared if 85
percent of the non-suite tickets are sold.

Middle linebacker Rolando McClain will be a game-time decision with a toe injury
incurred Wednesday. If McClain can't play, Travis Goethel, listed as probable
with a back injury, would play middle linebacker in the base defense.

Tampa Bay, already without two-time Pro Bowl right guard Davin Joseph for the
season, lost left guard Carl Nicks to a toe injury that needs surgery. Nicks is
the Bucs' top offensive lineman.

Although McClain is potentially out and linebacker and special teams player
Keenan Clayton is doubtful with a shoulder injury, Allen would not commit to
putting Aaron Curry on the 53-man roster.

The Raiders have until Wednesday to either promote Curry from the physically
unable to perform list, place him on injured reserve or release him.

Defensive tackle Richard Seymour was fined $15,750 for what the NFL called "an
unnecessary late hit" on Chiefs quarterback Matt Cassel. Seymour was called for
a personal foul on the play, one of just two Raiders penalties in the game.

For more on the Raiders, visit the Inside the Oakland Raiders blog
atibabuzz.com/oaklandraiders . Follow Jerry McDonald on twitter
atTwitter.com/Jerrymcd .

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                             April 15, 2007 Sunday
                                   AV EDITION

FOUR CHARGED IN PONZI SCHEME;
ANTELOPE VALLEY VICTIMS MAY NUMBER IN HUNDREDS

BYLINE: BY KAREN MAESHIRO Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. AV1

LENGTH: 435 words


LANCASTER -- Four people, one a Palmdale man, have been charged with defrauding
Antelope Valley investors and others through a classic Ponzi scheme in which
money from new investors was used to pay off older ones.

The victims are said to number in the hundreds, and the the loss is more than $2
million, though Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department investigators say it
could be as high as $9 million.

``This was a fraudulent investment scheme where people were induced to invest
money and were promised a high rate of return in a short period of time,'' said
Deputy District Attorney James Belna of the Major Fraud Division. ``The idea was
to develop land in the Antelope Valley into a residential development.''

Two of the defendants, Phoebus Vincent Smith and Saundra Smith, who were married
at the time, operated a an investment business called Antelope Valley Banking
System, also known as AVBS Inc., in Palmdale.

The Smiths recruited others from local churches and used their ``Christian
faith'' to gain the confidence of the victims, investigators said.

The Smiths, who have since divorced, along with Gwendolyn Hughes, 57, of Los
Angeles, and Craig Henry, 46, of Palmdale, have been charged with grand theft,
sale of unqualified securities, and use of false statements in sale of
securities as part of a 118-count criminal complaint.

The filing of charges in March followed a three-year investigation that began in
January 2004 after complaints were filed with the Sheriff's Department.

Phoebus Smith, 45, was arrested by authorities in Surprise, Ariz., where he
resided and was being held in lieu of $2.2 million bail.

Saundra Smith, 55, of Los Angeles and Hughes were free after posting $140,000
bail. Henry remained in custody in lieu of $225,000 bail.

Henry, Hughes and Phoebus Smith have pleaded not guilty, and Saundra Smith is
scheduled to be arraigned this week.

Detective David Lingscheit said there were about 1,000 victims in the Antelope
Valley, the state and throughout the United States.

Individual losses ranged from $100 to $150,000, Lingscheit said.

Local churches hit by the scam included Antelope Valley Christian Center in
Lancaster and United Christian Fellowship in Palmdale, Lingscheit said.

The Smiths had operated a similar investment operation in Carson called ``Cash
Flow Creators'' from November 1999 to June 2000, then moved to the Antelope
Valley in July 2000, investigators said.

Phoebus Smith was described as being the ringleader. ``They lived a lavish
lifestyle. Phoebus Smith spent money on clothing, jewelry and cars,'' Lingscheit
said.

karen.maeshiro@dailynews.com

(661) 267-5744

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 13, 1995, Thursday, Late Edition - Final
                                  (New Jersey)

NEW JERSEY DAILY BRIEFING;
Guilty Plea in Pyramid Scheme

BYLINE: By TERRY PRISTIN

SECTION: Section B;     Page 1;     Column 1;     Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 112 words

DATELINE: MARLTON


A meat broker accused of masterminding a pyramid scheme that may have bilked
investors of as much as $80 million pleaded guilty yesterday to three counts of
mail fraud and one count of money laundering, The Associated Press reported.

The broker, Charles N. Cugliari, also agreed to cooperate with the Securities
and Exchange Commission and Federal prosecutors in their investigation of his
company, CNC Trading. He had been charged with 49 counts of mail fraud and money
laundering. Federal postal inspectors have received complaints from more than
2,500 people in New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Florida who say they believe they
were cheated by Mr. Cugliari.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              March 9, 2009 Monday

Where's money in Ponzi scheme?

BYLINE: By Tom Harvey The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; Business

LENGTH: 528 words


Imprisoned swindler Val E. Southwick took at least $9 million out of his VesCor
Corp. companies over six years, including $3 million in late 2006 after he had
stopped making payments to hundreds of duped investors.

Some of the money went for personal expenses, including for taxes, attorneys,
medical expenses, church donations and to purchase luxury vehicles, according to
a filing in federal court.

The filing is the first detailed peek made public into the amount of money
Southwick took out of the more than 150 companies he created under the VesCor
umbrella. Investigations showed those withdrawals were part of a giant Ponzi
scheme.

More than 800 people lost at least $180 million in the scheme that involved
paying mature obligations with monies from more recent investors. The
Ogden-based real estate development company filed for bankruptcy protection in
2007.

Southwick is serving at least 17 years in prison after pleading guilty to nine
felony charges of violating state securities laws.

VesCor stopped making interest payments to investors in mid-2006, when the
company fell short of cash. But in November, after the sale of VesCor property
in Nevada, Southwick had $3 million wired to the family trust, according to the
declaration of Gil A. Miller, an accountant and managing director at the Salt
Lake City office of PricewaterhouseCooper, the firm hired by a court-appointed
receiver to review VesCor's financial transactions.

The declaration is among court papers in cases that are part of receiver Robert
Wing's efforts to track and recover money for investors. Wing said Monday it's
possible the records don't fully show how much money went to Southwick.

"We have financial records, but it's certainly possible somebody could shift
money to some place and do it off the company's books," he said.

One reason for the declaration, Wing said, is to bolster his efforts to convince
the federal court he should have access to two of Southwick's laptop computers.
The laptops may contain further clues to how much money was transferred to
Southwick and where it went, the Salt Lake City attorney argues.

The $3 million may have gone to a high profile Texas law firm, Fulbright &
Jaworski.

Southwick hired Kenneth Breen, an attorney with the Texas firm, in November 2006
and transferred $3 million to Fulbright's trust account, according to another
complaint filed by Wing. Some of that money was transferred to the trust fund of
another firm, Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker of New York, for whom Breen went
to work.

"While some of those funds were used to pay for defendants' legal representation
of Southwick, some of those funds were used for other unknown purposes at
Southwick's direction," according to the complaint.

Wing said he went to court to seek an accounting of the money after the firm
refused to cooperate.

In response to a request for comment, Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker said,
"The complaint demonstrates an inaccurate understanding of the facts, which we
will address with the court in due course."

Accountants examined records from the company only from 2000 to late 2006, even
though VesCor had operated since at least 1990.

tharvey@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gunnison -Val Southwick, who committed the largest financial fraud in
Utah history, talks about his actions during his parole hearing at the Central
Utah Correctional Facility in Gunnison, Utah Tuesday December 16, 2008. He is
serving nine consecutive 1 to 15 year prison terms for fraud. Steve Griffin/The
Salt Lake Tribune 12/16/08

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            April 30, 2009 Thursday

Scam watch: If it seems too good ...

BYLINE: JOHN HEINZL

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: GLOBE INVESTOR COLUMN; INVESTOR CLINIC: INVESTMENT
FRAUD; Pg. B14

LENGTH: 574 words


INVESTMENT REPORTER

jheinzl@globeandmail.com

When it comes to investment scams, Bernard Madoff has set the bar awfully high.
After pleading guilty to masterminding a $65-billion (U.S.) fraud - believed to
be the largest in history - the 71-year-old now sits in a New York City jail
awaiting sentencing of up to 150 years in prison.

But although the magnitude of Mr. Madoff's swindle is unprecedented, plenty of
similar scams have since come to light in Canada, the United States and abroad.
To paraphrase Warren Buffett, only when the financial tide goes out do you know
who's been swimming naked.

Most of these frauds are variants of the classic Ponzi scheme, in which returns
to existing investors are funded by an ever-increasing supply of cash from new
clients. The fraud may go undetected for years, but when an event - the credit
crisis, for example - prompts a flood of redemption requests, the scheme
collapses.

Recognizing a Ponzi scheme after the fact is the easy part. But what are the
telltale signs to look out for so you don't become a victim in the first place?

UNREALISTIC RETURNS

Steve Weisman, author of The Truth About Avoiding Scams, says one of the
hallmarks of a Ponzi scheme are the tantalizing performance numbers. The annual
returns may be unusually large, remarkably consistent, or both. "If there's
never a down year, something's wrong or it certainly warrants looking at," says
Mr. Weisman, an attorney and a professor at Bentley University in Waltham, Mass.

PRESSURE TO REINVEST

A Ponzi scheme will collapse if it's paying out too much cash, which is why the
manager will pressure people to reinvest their profits or bring in new clients.
"If people are counselling you not to make withdrawals or to make only small
withdrawals, that's a bad sign," Mr. Weisman says.

Similarly, if you're unable to make redemptions online or if it takes longer
than a few days to get your money, that can also be a red flag.

"It is very important that the investors/victims be constantly encouraged to
keep their money in. After all, it's the con artist who is supposed to make
money, not the investors," says Ken Norquay, chief market strategist at
CastleMoore Inc. in Oakville, Ont.

the manager is also

THE CUSTODIAN

Mr. Madoff acted as both the manager and custodian of his clients' funds, which
meant he executed the strategy and (supposedly) held the securities. These two
roles should never be combined, Mr. Weisman says, because it's too easy to
falsify records. If you use an independent investment manager, make sure the
statements aren't coming from him directly but from the third-party institution
that holds your assets.

THE INVESTMENT IS TOO COMPLICATED

If you don't know how your manager is generating profits, particularly during
down markets, you need to start probing for answers. "If you don't understand
exactly how it works, you're on the road to getting conned," Mr. Weisman says.

When you're raking in fantastic returns, asking tough questions may not be the
first thing on your mind. But victims of Mr. Madoff and other scam artists wish
they'd been more vigilant. "The easiest people to con have two outstanding
characteristics: greed and naiveté," Mr. Norquay says. "They want to get rich
and can be led to believe that someone other than themselves can make them
rich."

Read this new column on the new Globeinvestor.com site. Have a question for
Investor Clinic? Send it to jheinzl@globeandmail.com

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            April 30, 2009 Thursday

Scam watch: If it seems too good ...

BYLINE: JOHN HEINZL

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: GLOBE INVESTOR COLUMN; INVESTOR CLINIC: INVESTMENT
FRAUD; Pg. B14

LENGTH: 574 words


INVESTMENT REPORTER

jheinzl@globeandmail.com

When it comes to investment scams, Bernard Madoff has set the bar awfully high.
After pleading guilty to masterminding a $65-billion (U.S.) fraud - believed to
be the largest in history - the 71-year-old now sits in a New York City jail
awaiting sentencing of up to 150 years in prison.

But although the magnitude of Mr. Madoff's swindle is unprecedented, plenty of
similar scams have since come to light in Canada, the United States and abroad.
To paraphrase Warren Buffett, only when the financial tide goes out do you know
who's been swimming naked.

Most of these frauds are variants of the classic Ponzi scheme, in which returns
to existing investors are funded by an ever-increasing supply of cash from new
clients. The fraud may go undetected for years, but when an event - the credit
crisis, for example - prompts a flood of redemption requests, the scheme
collapses.

Recognizing a Ponzi scheme after the fact is the easy part. But what are the
telltale signs to look out for so you don't become a victim in the first place?

UNREALISTIC RETURNS

Steve Weisman, author of The Truth About Avoiding Scams, says one of the
hallmarks of a Ponzi scheme are the tantalizing performance numbers. The annual
returns may be unusually large, remarkably consistent, or both. "If there's
never a down year, something's wrong or it certainly warrants looking at," says
Mr. Weisman, an attorney and a professor at Bentley University in Waltham, Mass.

PRESSURE TO REINVEST

A Ponzi scheme will collapse if it's paying out too much cash, which is why the
manager will pressure people to reinvest their profits or bring in new clients.
"If people are counselling you not to make withdrawals or to make only small
withdrawals, that's a bad sign," Mr. Weisman says.

Similarly, if you're unable to make redemptions online or if it takes longer
than a few days to get your money, that can also be a red flag.

"It is very important that the investors/victims be constantly encouraged to
keep their money in. After all, it's the con artist who is supposed to make
money, not the investors," says Ken Norquay, chief market strategist at
CastleMoore Inc. in Oakville, Ont.

the manager is also

THE CUSTODIAN

Mr. Madoff acted as both the manager and custodian of his clients' funds, which
meant he executed the strategy and (supposedly) held the securities. These two
roles should never be combined, Mr. Weisman says, because it's too easy to
falsify records. If you use an independent investment manager, make sure the
statements aren't coming from him directly but from the third-party institution
that holds your assets.

THE INVESTMENT IS TOO COMPLICATED

If you don't know how your manager is generating profits, particularly during
down markets, you need to start probing for answers. "If you don't understand
exactly how it works, you're on the road to getting conned," Mr. Weisman says.

When you're raking in fantastic returns, asking tough questions may not be the
first thing on your mind. But victims of Mr. Madoff and other scam artists wish
they'd been more vigilant. "The easiest people to con have two outstanding
characteristics: greed and naiveté," Mr. Norquay says. "They want to get rich
and can be led to believe that someone other than themselves can make them
rich."

Read this new column on the new Globeinvestor.com site. Have a question for
Investor Clinic? Send it to jheinzl@globeandmail.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          December 24, 2008 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Ex-Broker Charged With Helping New York Lawyer in Elaborate Fraud Scheme

BYLINE: By WILLIAM K. RASHBAUM and CHARLES V. BAGLI; Sewell Chan and Benjamin
Weiser contributed reporting.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 703 words


In 2006, when Kosta S. Kovachev was under investigation by federal securities
regulators for his role in what they called a $28 million Ponzi scheme, he had a
respected New York lawyer by his side who helped him resolve the matter, a civil
case in federal court in Indiana.

On Tuesday, when Mr. Kovachev, 57, stood up in federal court again, this time in
Manhattan on what appears to be an unrelated criminal case, the same New York
lawyer was playing a marquee role.

This time, Mr. Kovachev was charged with conspiring to commit wire fraud for
helping the lawyer, Marc S. Dreier, in a Ponzi scheme that dwarfed the earlier
allegations. Mr. Dreier's name, and his alleged $380 million Ponzi scheme,
almost became synonymous with fraud earlier this month, but he was eclipsed days
later when a New York investment adviser, Bernard L. Madoff, was charged with
organizing a $50 billion fraud that left the high-living Mr. Dreier, if not in
obscurity, at least in the dust.

Federal prosecutors in Manhattan have accused Mr. Dreier, 58, of a series of
elaborate schemes in which he sold phony promissory notes to hedge funds.

A criminal complaint unsealed on Tuesday described Mr. Kovachev as a supporting
actor. A former stockbroker, Mr. Kovachev was arrested on Monday night and
charged with conspiring with Mr. Dreier to commit wire fraud by helping to sell
the fictitious notes.

Mr. Kovachev's lawyer, Andrew S. Rendeiro, said the allegations in the case
''fall in the lap of Mr. Dreier to a 99.9 percent degree,'' but a United States
magistrate judge ordered Mr. Kovachev held on $300,000 bail.

Mr. Dreier's law firm, Dreier L.L.P., collapsed after he was arrested Dec. 2 in
Canada on charges of impersonating another lawyer. After his release, he
returned to the United States on Dec. 7 and was arrested by federal authorities
on fraud charges. He is being held without bail in Manhattan. Prosecutors say
that Mr. Dreier cheated his victims, hedge funds and other investors, out of as
much as $380 million.

According to Lev L. Dassin, the acting United States attorney in Manhattan, Mr.
Dreier sold to a hedge fund various promissory notes in 2006 and 2007 with a
face value of about $115 million -- purportedly issued by a real estate
development company, Solow Realty.

In September 2008, after the notes were not repaid on time, an employee of the
hedge fund asked to meet with representatives of Solow at its offices.

Mr. Dreier agreed, and on Oct. 15, when employees of the hedge fund went to
Solow's offices in Manhattan, Mr. Dreier, who had done work for Solow, took them
into a conference room and introduced Mr. Kovachev as Solow's controller, and
Mr. Kovachev answered questions about the company's finances, the authorities
said. In fact, Mr. Kovachev ''is not and never has been the developer's
controller,'' Mr. Dassin's office said.

The authorities said Mr. Kovachev then helped Mr. Dreier sell fake notes from
the firm to two other hedge funds in October for a total of $113.5 million.

But the firm's chief executive told authorities ''that the developer did not
issue the notes described, that the financial statements supplied were entirely
fabricated, and that he did not participate in any conference call with this
hedge fund,'' Mr. Dassin's office said. (Mr. Dassin's office did not identify
the chief executive, but he is believed to be Steven M. Cherniak, Solow's chief
executive.)

Mr. Kovachev could face a maximum sentence of five years in prison if convicted.

People familiar with the Dreier case say that Mr. Dreier and Mr. Kovachev have
been close for a number of years.

According to a lawyer at Dreier L.L.P., at 2 p.m. on Dec. 4, while Mr. Dreier
was in jail in Canada, trying to move cash out of the law firm's accounts, Mr.
Kovachev showed up at the law firm's office on Park Avenue. He said he was there
to pick up three paintings, according to the lawyer, who spoke on the condition
of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the matter publicly. There
were only two paintings, and Mr. Kovachev took them  and left, the lawyer said.
The law firm has since said that Mr. Dreier had spent between $30 million to $40
million on art to decorate his office.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday

Two Men Convicted of Operating Multi-Million-Dollar Advance Fee Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 1046  words


Deirdre M. Daly, United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut, and
Patricia M. Ferrick, Special Agent in Charge of the New Haven Division of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation, today announced that on September 29, 2015, a
federal jury in New Haven found DAVID C. JACKSON, also known as "C. David
Manns," "Charles Jackson" and "Andrew D. Smithson," 53, and ALEXANDER D. HURT,
also known as Alex Hurt and "Alex Dante," 45, guilty of conspiracy and wire
fraud related to an advance fee fraud scheme they conducted that defrauded more
than 40 individuals out of more than $4.5 million.


On December 22, 2014, a federal grand jury returned an 11-count indictment
charging JACKSON, formerly of Maryland, Ohio and Pennsylvania, and HURT, of
Scottsdale, Arizona, and formerly of Massachusetts, with one count of conspiracy
to commit wire fraud and multiple counts of wire fraud. The indictment also
charged HURT with one count of making a false statement to federal law
enforcement. The trial before U.S. District Judge Janet Bond Arterton began on
September 9, 2015, and the jury returned a verdict of guilty on all counts after
deliberating for approximately three hours.
"This was a sophisticated advanced fee scheme operated across numerous states
that preyed on more than 40 victims, including Connecticut citizens and
businesses," said U.S. Attorney Daly. "These defendants and their
co-conspirators took advantage of individuals and business owners who had
limited options in acquiring business loans in the difficult financial
environment that existed after the recession of 2008. The hard-working small
business owners, developers and even family farmers who were victimized by these
defendants when all they wanted to do was to get funding to create, expand, or
operate their businesses. Moreover, as part of the scheme, Mr. Jackson used
multiple identities to conceal his criminal past and thwart background checks.
Those seeking business loans need to be wary of any provider of funding that
requires significant fees in advance-especially those who use the Internet to
prey upon trusting people who are unable to verify the representations made."
"Driven by greed, and through lies, deceit, and deception, Mr. Hurt and Mr.
Jackson took advantage of unsuspecting individuals and stole millions of dollars
so they could line their own pockets and, in the case of Mr. Hurt, travel to
numerous countries on four continents," said FBI Special Agent in Charge
Ferrick. "The false representations and empty promises that were made to the
victims in this case were not worth the paper the fraudulent loan documents were
printed on. The FBI will continue to vigorously pursue and bring to justice
those who would operate advance fee fraud schemes."  According to the evidence
presented during the trial, in approximately September 2009, JACKSON, using the
alias "C. David Manns," established Jalin Realty Capital Advisors, LLC, using a
business address in Dayton, Ohio. In 2011, JACKSON changed the name of his
business to American Capital Holdings, LLC, using business addresses in
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Soon after changing the business name, JACKSON began
introducing himself to victim clients as "Charles Jackson" and then also used
the name "Andrew Smithson" to prevent victims from learning his true identity
and the true nature of his background and his scheme.
HURT held himself out as Vice President of Brightway Financial Group, LLC, a
company that used a business addresses in Grapevine, Texas. As established
during the trial, HURT used his background as a pastor with a Brockton,
Massachusetts church to gain the confidence of at least one victim who lost
money in the scheme.
JACKSON, HURT and others defrauded individuals, including Connecticut residents,
who wired funds to them in anticipation of receiving large business loans. The
upfront fees were alternately described as "application fees," "collateral fees"
or "commitment fees." The victims were promised a refund of the upfront fees if
their loan transactions were not completed. In order to convince
victim-borrowers that the loans were legitimate and Jalin and ACH had
successfully secured loans in the past, JACKSON provided victims and potential
victims the name and phone number of a co-conspirator and told them that they
could contact her for a reference. After she was contacted, the co-conspirator
falsely represented to victims and potential victims that she had, in fact,
received funding from JACKSON for a construction loan, and that she had
successfully done a project financed with her co-conspirator and Jalin. The
reference she gave was false and was just another part of the scam.
Through this scheme, more than 40 individuals provided JACKSON and HURT with
more than $4.5 million in advance fees and funds that were to be held in escrow
for business loans that were never provided. Some of the individuals received
partial refunds of the advance fees they had provided, but the refunds were made
using fees that had been paid by other victims in a Ponzi-like scheme.
JACKSON was previously convicted of federal bank fraud and money laundering
offenses in October 2006 and was sentenced to 41 months in prison, followed by
five years of supervised release. He was released from federal prison in
September 2009 and operated this advance fee fraud scheme while on supervised
release Judge Arterton scheduled a forfeiture hearing for October 27, 2015,
during which the government will seek an order of forfeiture ordering the
defendants to forfeit all proceeds traceable to the scheme. Judge Arterton will
schedule sentencing after the forfeiture hearing.
The charges of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and wire fraud carry a maximum
term of imprisonment of 20 years on each count, and the charge of making a false
statement to federal law enforcement carries a maximum term of imprisonment of
five years.
JACKSON has been detained since his arrest on August 26, 2014. HURT is released
on bond under the supervision of the U.S. Probation Office.
This matter has been investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Ansonia Police Department, and is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys
Anthony E. Kaplan and Michael S. McGarry. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


           Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 30, 2011 Friday

Crestview attorney, three Destin residents charged in fraud and bribery scheme

BYLINE: Lauren Sage Reinlie, Northwest Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 303 words


Sept. 30--PENSACOLA -- A prominent Crestview attorney and three Destin residents
have been arrested in connection with a fraud and bribery scheme.

Attorney Chris Cadenhead, 56, and Destin residents Jackie Fair, 70, Jane
McDonald, 58, and Randy Branham, 44, were charged Friday in U.S. District Court
for North Florida.

The four were involved with a scheme to purchase a $2 million Destin penthouse
condominium for Fair and McDonald's use. The transactions that led to the
charges largely occurred between 2005 and 2007.

Cadenhead, Fair and Branham were charged with conspiracy to commit bank fraud
and bribery of a loan officer. If convicted, the charges carry a maximum
sentence of 30 years in prison.

Cadenhead, Fair and McDonald were charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud
and with mail fraud. Each of these charges carry a sentence of up to 30 years.

According to the indictment, Cadenhead obtained a $700,000 loan from a bank in
Bainbridge, Ga., to help fund the purchase of the condominium. He alleged in
loan documents that the money would be used to purchase timber.

Cadenhead paid a $50,000 bribe to a loan officer at the bank and a $25,000 bribe
to Branham in order to secure the loan, according to the indictment.

The indictment alleges that McDonald obtained loans in her name with the
assistance of Fair and Cadenhead for the purchase of the condominium. McDonald
made false statements on her loan applications, according to the indictment.

The investigation was conducted by the newly formed Northwest Florida Mortgage
Fraud Task Force, a partnership between the FBI and the Okaloosa County
Sheriff's Office.

___ (c)2011 the Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) Visit the
Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) at www.nwfdailynews.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110930-FO-Crestview-attorney-three-Destin-residents-charged-in-fraud-and-bribe
ry-scheme-0930-20110930

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FO


                  Copyright 2011 Northwest Florida Daily News


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

Arizona: Former Corporate Executives Plead Guilty to Securities Fraud and Tax
Offenses for Wide-Ranging Commercial Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 730  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Two Coral Gables residents pled guilty today before U.S. District Judge Jose J.
Martinez to their participation in a scheme to obtain more than $9.5 million in
kickbacks and other benefits, and to conceal this illicit income from the IRS,
while employed as senior executives at Systemax, Inc. ("Systemax") and its
subsidiary, TigerDirect, Inc. ("TigerDirect").

Wifredo A. Ferrer, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida,
Loretta E. Lynch, United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York,
George Venizelos, Assistant Director in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation
(FBI), New York Field Office, and Kelly R. Jackson, Special Agent in Charge,
Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI), Miami Field Office,
made the announcement.

Carl Fiorentino, 57, pled guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit mail and
wire fraud, and one count of tax evasion. According to his plea agreement, Carl
Fiorentino has also agreed to forfeit, among other things, $1,961,049.90 which
represents proceeds traceable to his criminal conduct.

Gilbert Fiorentino, 54, pled guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit
securities fraud and to impair and impede the lawful functions of the Internal
Revenue Service. According to his plea agreement, Gilbert Fiorentino has also
agreed to forfeit, among other things, 99 gold coins that he received as a part
of the kickback scheme.

According to admissions in the defendants' plea agreements and made in court at
the time they entered their pleas, Gilbert Fiorentino served until 2011 as a
director of Systemax, was the Chief Executive Officer of the company's
Technology Product Group, and worked at Systemax's Miami offices; Carl
Fiorentino served until 2011 as the president of TigerDirect and worked at
Systemax's Miami offices as a senior executive responsible for sourcing and
purchasing computer and electronics peripherals from third party vendors, some
of them located in Asia.

Between 2003 and 2011, the defendants received kickbacks from, among others, a
Taiwan-based supplier, RICI International and its affiliates. Carl Fiorentino
received in excess of $9.5 million in kickbacks; Gilbert Fiorentino received
more than $600,000 in kickbacks including, among other things, approximately
$200,000 in gold coins. In addition, as a part of the scheme, both
misappropriated Systemax merchandise. Carl Fiorentino used the proceeds of his
illegal activity to obtain, among other things, a Coral Gables luxury waterfront
property, artwork, home furnishings and high-end electronics. Both defendants
admitted that, as a result of their kickback scheme, they caused Systemax to pay
more for goods and services than it would have in the absence of the schemes.
Additionally, both men failed to disclose to the IRS, and pay taxes upon, the
income they received as a part of their criminal conduct.

Both defendants concealed from Systemax and its auditors the payments they
received pursuant to the kickback scheme. Accordingly, Systemax, unaware that
the defendants had received payments and engaged in fraudulent activities, filed
inaccurate statements with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as a
result.

When Carl Fiorentino learned that federal agents were investigating his conduct,
he illegally instructed certain witnesses to conceal the truth from the agents.

This case was originally investigated by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the
Eastern District of New York with the assistance of the FBI New York Field
Office and the IRS-CI Miami Field Office. Carl Fiorentino was previously charged
in the Eastern District of New York on June 18, 2013, with conspiracy to commit
mail and wire fraud, multiple counts of mail and wire fraud, and money
laundering. The case involving Carl Fiorentino was transferred to the Southern
District of Florida by court order on January 6, 2014. Both Carl and Gilbert
Fiorentino are scheduled to be sentenced on February 10, 2015, at 1:30 p.m.

Mr. Ferrer and Ms. Lynch commended the investigative efforts of the FBI and
IRS-CI. The matter is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jerrob Duffy
of the Southern District of Florida and Whitman G.S. Knapp of the Eastern
District of New York.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 10, 2011 Tuesday

Chehalis Man Sentenced to Eight Years in Federal Prison

BYLINE: Adam Pearson, The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 384 words


May 10--When Kevin W. Williams blew up his Chehalis mailbox in 2007, he was
trying to build credibility as a fraud investigator who had insider knowledge
about a Ponzi scheme -- so much so that he wanted it to appear as if a contract
hit had been taken out on his life.

When U.S. District Judge Robert S. Bryan sentenced the 45-year-old man to eight
years in federal prison, he said he believed Williams was capable of such a
scheme again in the future.

"Mr.  Williams, you were a con-man of the worst order during the course of these
events," Bryan said Friday in a Tacoma federal court, according to the U.S.
Attorney's Office in Seattle.

Last September, Williams was convicted on nine federal felony charges, including
three counts of wire fraud, possession of a pipe bomb, possession of a firearm
without a serial number, destruction of a mailbox and extortion.

Court documents say Williams, an out-of-work logger, schemed to profit from
victims of an Atlanta, Ga.,-based Ponzi scheme by claiming he knew how to access
its hidden assets, information he claimed he would share if victims paid him for
it.

Williams' mother-in-law was reportedly a victim of the $90 million Ponzi scheme.

The U.S. Attorney's Office said Williams had sent communications to various
people -- victims and attorneys -- connected to the Ponzi case, which ended up
in a federal court in Atlanta.

No one paid Williams for information.

In October 2007, he blew up his mailbox in the 500 block of Chandler Road.

In April 2008, he traveled to Atlanta to attend a trial for the Ponzi case and
contact victims. For several days, he attended the trial until police arrested
him with possession of bomb-making supplies, several guns and ammunition.

Following the mailbox explosion, Williams reportedly had friends corroborate his
story about threats made on his life.

However, following his Atlanta arrest, one of Williams' cohorts recanted his
story and told police he had lied.

Adam Pearson: (360) 807-8208

To see more of The Chronicle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chronline.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110510-1CE-Chehalis-Man-Sentenced-to-Eight-Years-in-Federal-Prison-0510-201105
10

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2011 The Chronicle


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

Board Member Sentenced To 10 Years' Imprisonment For His Role In $10 Million
Advance Fee And Gold Mine Investment Schemes

LENGTH: 854  words

DATELINE: Albany


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York has issued
the following press release:

Earlier today, Brad Russell, a member of the Board of Harbor Funding Group, Inc.
(HFGI), was sentenced in federal court in Brooklyn, New York to 10 years'
imprisonment. In March 2014, following a six-week jury trial, Russell was
convicted of all counts of the indictment for defrauding: (i) developers and
their clients in areas devastated by Hurricane Katrina of more than $9 million
through an advance fee scheme; and (ii) investors of almost $1 million through
an Alaskan gold mine investment scheme. As part of the sentence, Russell was
also sentenced to 3 years' supervised release and ordered to pay a total of
$10,707,894.59 in forfeiture and restitution to the victims of the two schemes.
Co-defendant Kristofor Lange, the Vice President of Black Sand Mine, Inc.
(BSMI), who was also convicted following trial, was sentenced earlier today to 5
years' probation and ordered to pay $780,000 in forfeiture and restitution for
his role in the Alaskan gold mine investment scheme.1

The sentences were announced by Loretta E. Lynch, United States Attorney for the
Eastern District of New York, Philip R. Bartlett, Inspector in Charge, New York
Division, U.S. Postal Inspection Service (USPIS), and Frank Montoya, Jr.,
Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Seattle Field Office
(FBI).

"After the devastation wrought by Hurricane Katrina, many individuals looked to
help the storm-tossed area recover. Russell and his co-conspirators looked to
line their own pockets, pretending to be able to finance redevelopment projects
but in reality fleecing unsuspecting developers and investors of millions. After
Russell and his co-conspirators spent the money they stole from their victims,
they embarked on a gold mine scheme that too was built and sold on lies and
deceit. Those who seek to take advantage of tragedies to line their own pockets
are on notice that they will be brought to justice and held accountable for
their crimes," stated United States Attorney Lynch. Ms. Lynch thanked the USPIS
and the FBI for their hard work and dedication through the course of the
five-year investigation and prosecution. Ms. Lynch also extended her
appreciation to the United States Attorney's Office for the Western District of
Washington for their assistance in the case.

Russell, together with others at HFGI, executed an advance fee scheme by
targeting regions affected by Hurricane Katrina. They told land developers and
their clients that HFGI had lenders and funds available to provide financing for
their real estate projects, but as a condition for financing, HFGI required its
clients to place ten percent of the loan amount in an attorney escrow account.
Contrary to their representations, HFGI did not have lenders or funds available
to finance the loans and stole the deposit money placed in escrow. Russell was
the loan processor at HFGI and prepared and maintained the loan documents and
escrow agreements. Through this scheme, Russell and his co-conspirators stole
more than $9 million from approximately 300 individuals.

At trial, the government also proved that Russell and Lange, together with
others, executed an investment scheme where they induced investors to invest in
BSMI through lies and deceit. BSMI claimed that it was going to mine gold and
other precious metals on Sitkinak Island in Alaska. Through the use of in-person
presentations, cold calls and "webinars," Russell, Lange, and their
co-conspirators, convinced investors to invest in BSMI by lying to them about
the credentials of BSMI's officers and directors, BSMI's assets and liabilities,
the intended use of investor funds, and by concealing their prior involvement in
HFGI.

The sentences were imposed by United States District Judge Dora L. Irizarry.

The government's case was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys
Winston M. Paes, Alixandra E. Smith and Melanie Hendry.

Today's announcement is part of efforts underway by President Obama's Financial
Fraud Enforcement Task Force which was created in November 2009 to wage an
aggressive, coordinated and proactive effort to investigate and prosecute
financial crimes. With more than 20 federal agencies, 94 U.S. attorneys'
offices, and state and local partners, it is the broadest coalition of law
enforcement, investigatory and regulatory agencies ever assembled to combat
fraud. Since its formation, the task force has made great strides in
facilitating increased investigation and prosecution of financial crimes;
enhancing coordination and cooperation among federal, state and local
authorities; addressing discrimination in the lending and financial markets and
conducting outreach to the public, victims, financial institutions and other
organizations. Over the past three fiscal years, the Justice Department has
filed more than 10,000 financial fraud cases against nearly 15,000 defendants
including more than 2,900 mortgage fraud defendants.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 15, 2014 Saturday

Board Member Sentenced To 10 Years' Imprisonment For His Role In $10 Million
Advance Fee And Gold Mine Investment Schemes

LENGTH: 854  words

DATELINE: Albany


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York has issued
the following press release:

Earlier today, Brad Russell, a member of the Board of Harbor Funding Group, Inc.
(HFGI), was sentenced in federal court in Brooklyn, New York to 10 years'
imprisonment. In March 2014, following a six-week jury trial, Russell was
convicted of all counts of the indictment for defrauding: (i) developers and
their clients in areas devastated by Hurricane Katrina of more than $9 million
through an advance fee scheme; and (ii) investors of almost $1 million through
an Alaskan gold mine investment scheme. As part of the sentence, Russell was
also sentenced to 3 years' supervised release and ordered to pay a total of
$10,707,894.59 in forfeiture and restitution to the victims of the two schemes.
Co-defendant Kristofor Lange, the Vice President of Black Sand Mine, Inc.
(BSMI), who was also convicted following trial, was sentenced earlier today to 5
years' probation and ordered to pay $780,000 in forfeiture and restitution for
his role in the Alaskan gold mine investment scheme.1

The sentences were announced by Loretta E. Lynch, United States Attorney for the
Eastern District of New York, Philip R. Bartlett, Inspector in Charge, New York
Division, U.S. Postal Inspection Service (USPIS), and Frank Montoya, Jr.,
Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Seattle Field Office
(FBI).

"After the devastation wrought by Hurricane Katrina, many individuals looked to
help the storm-tossed area recover. Russell and his co-conspirators looked to
line their own pockets, pretending to be able to finance redevelopment projects
but in reality fleecing unsuspecting developers and investors of millions. After
Russell and his co-conspirators spent the money they stole from their victims,
they embarked on a gold mine scheme that too was built and sold on lies and
deceit. Those who seek to take advantage of tragedies to line their own pockets
are on notice that they will be brought to justice and held accountable for
their crimes," stated United States Attorney Lynch. Ms. Lynch thanked the USPIS
and the FBI for their hard work and dedication through the course of the
five-year investigation and prosecution. Ms. Lynch also extended her
appreciation to the United States Attorney's Office for the Western District of
Washington for their assistance in the case.

Russell, together with others at HFGI, executed an advance fee scheme by
targeting regions affected by Hurricane Katrina. They told land developers and
their clients that HFGI had lenders and funds available to provide financing for
their real estate projects, but as a condition for financing, HFGI required its
clients to place ten percent of the loan amount in an attorney escrow account.
Contrary to their representations, HFGI did not have lenders or funds available
to finance the loans and stole the deposit money placed in escrow. Russell was
the loan processor at HFGI and prepared and maintained the loan documents and
escrow agreements. Through this scheme, Russell and his co-conspirators stole
more than $9 million from approximately 300 individuals.

At trial, the government also proved that Russell and Lange, together with
others, executed an investment scheme where they induced investors to invest in
BSMI through lies and deceit. BSMI claimed that it was going to mine gold and
other precious metals on Sitkinak Island in Alaska. Through the use of in-person
presentations, cold calls and "webinars," Russell, Lange, and their
co-conspirators, convinced investors to invest in BSMI by lying to them about
the credentials of BSMI's officers and directors, BSMI's assets and liabilities,
the intended use of investor funds, and by concealing their prior involvement in
HFGI.

The sentences were imposed by United States District Judge Dora L. Irizarry.

The government's case was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys
Winston M. Paes, Alixandra E. Smith and Melanie Hendry.

Today's announcement is part of efforts underway by President Obama's Financial
Fraud Enforcement Task Force which was created in November 2009 to wage an
aggressive, coordinated and proactive effort to investigate and prosecute
financial crimes. With more than 20 federal agencies, 94 U.S. attorneys'
offices, and state and local partners, it is the broadest coalition of law
enforcement, investigatory and regulatory agencies ever assembled to combat
fraud. Since its formation, the task force has made great strides in
facilitating increased investigation and prosecution of financial crimes;
enhancing coordination and cooperation among federal, state and local
authorities; addressing discrimination in the lending and financial markets and
conducting outreach to the public, victims, financial institutions and other
organizations. Over the past three fiscal years, the Justice Department has
filed more than 10,000 financial fraud cases against nearly 15,000 defendants
including more than 2,900 mortgage fraud defendants.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       April 8, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

UK General Insurance: Brokers Take the 'Schemes Seat' to Secure Investment in
100k Pot

LENGTH: 377  words


April 8 -- Specialist insurer, UK General, is launching what is thought to be
the first-ever search for new broker schemes through a Dragons' Den-style
process and 100k fund for selected schemes brokers.



The company is seeking innovative personal lines schemes proposals by 25th
April, up to 10 of which will be shortlisted to undergo a panel interview called
"The Schemes Seat" at the upcoming BIBA Conference in Manchester including
former Dragons' Den panellist, business angel and multi-millionaire tycoon,
Richard Farleigh. The TV star and entrepreneur will be joined on the panel by UK
General CEO, Peter Hubbard, schemes managing director, Karen Beales, and
co-founder and Director of Thistle Initiatives Limited James Dingwall.

Winning brokers will be able to tap into UK General's knowledge and expertise in
schemes business and a share of the 100k fund to invest in launching or building
their scheme or in resources that otherwise would be a significant cost to the
broker such as IT, web development and compliance support.

The initiative is open to UK brokers with schemes opportunities promising a
minimum GWP of 150,000. These could be either new or existing schemes where
investment is used to grow the business or new product ideas where a market need
has been identified.

Karen Beales, UK General's schemes managing director, said: "We're convinced
there are brokers out there with great schemes ideas but who need the support of
a specialist and niche schemes insurer in order to bring the scheme to life and
provide the necessary financial support to make it viable."

"Putting shortlisted brokers through this process is bringing a fresh approach
to the broker schemes market and it means they have to formulate a carefully
researched business plan and be crystal clear about the potential of their
schemes opportunities in order to stand the best chance of being selected."

"If this first foray into a new schemes development approach, and if successful,
we will probably re-run it later in the year."

Brokers need to apply online with a 150-word outline statement and a 1,000-word
business plan in order to be considered for the initiative. UK General will
announce on 2nd May the shortlist of brokers chosen for the The Schemes Seat
sessions at BIBA.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2017 Saturday

Minnesota Man Sentenced to 20 Years in Prison for Extortion Scheme That Spanned
Over Twenty Years

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, District of Arizona has
issued the following news release:



  U.S. District Judge Steven P. Logan sentenced Steven Dale Audette, 59, of
Duluth, MN, to 240 months in prison and three years of supervised release for
stealing approximately $3.5 million through an elaborate extortion scheme.
Audette was found guilty by a federal jury on March 24, 2016, of one count of
conspiracy and ninety counts of wire fraud. His co-defendant and wife, Mary
Roach, had previously pleaded guilty to conspiracy and was sentenced to 33
months in prison.





      Evidence at trial showed that Audette stole nearly $3.5 million from three
victims in Scottsdale, Ariz., by falsely representing that Audette was on the
run from the mafia and needed funds to pay the CIA and FBI for protection.
Audette tormented the victims by threatening that if they did not provide money
their family members, including children, would be murdered. The victims' money
was spent by Audette on cars, travel, homes, gifts to family and friends, and
other personal items.



      The scheme continued for over twenty years, with Audette escalating the
threats and harm to the victims if they did not comply with his demands for
money. Audette operated the scheme from Arizona, Minnesota, Texas, and Alabama,
among other states.



      "Through lies, deceit, and threats Audette took advantage of the
generosity and vulnerability of the victims. We will vigorously pursue and bring
to justice those who would defraud the public," stated United States Attorney
John S. Leonardo.



      The investigation in this case was conducted by ATF, IRS and the Marion
Country Sherriff's Office in Chattanooga, Tenn. The prosecution was handled by
Kevin M. Rapp and Andrew C. Stone, Assistant U.S. Attorneys, District of
Arizona, Phoenix.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

USPTO Published Patent application of NEXTBIT SYSTEMS INC. titled as "DETECTING
SERIALIZATION SCHEME USED IN SOFTWARE APPLICATIONS"

LENGTH: 295  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140289717, published on September 25, 2014, by NEXTBIT SYSTEMS INC., titled as
"DETECTING SERIALIZATION SCHEME USED IN SOFTWARE APPLICATIONS" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:  Chan; Michael A.; (San Francisco, CA) ; Quan; Justin; (San
Francisco, CA) ; Fleming; Michael K.; (San Francisco, CA) ; Bornstein; Daniel
R.; (San Francisco, CA)
Assignee:  NEXTBIT SYSTEMS INC.
San Francisco
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Technology is disclosed for determining a serialization scheme used in
serializing a software object by an application ("the technology"). A source
application can serialize the object using multiple serialization schemes. In
order for another application to deserialize the object serialized by the source
application, the application may have to know the serialization scheme used in
serializing the object. The technology can analyze an intermediate code, e.g.,
bytecode, of the source application to determine the serialization scheme used
by the source application. The technology compares a portion of the code of the
source application that serializes the objects with multiple serialization
scheme templates having code for known serialization schemes and determines the
serialization scheme used by the source application based on a matching
serialization scheme template. After the serialization scheme is identified, the
application can reconstruct the object from the serialized object using the
identified serialization scheme."

The Patent was filed on March 6, 2014 under application No. 20140289717

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 7, 2014 Monday

Washington: Tampa Man Pleads Guilty To Check Kiting Scheme

LENGTH: 481  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces that Johnathan Bergren (40,
Tampa) today pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit bank fraud. Bergren faces a
maximum penalty of 30 years in federal prison. A sentencing date has not yet
been set.

According to the plea agreement, from at least September 2012 through August 23,
2013, Bergren, Christian Morales, and others engaged in a conspiracy to commit
bank fraud by engaging in a check kiting scheme. Bergren, Morales, and others
recruited by Bergren, engaged in the scheme to defraud by opening up numerous
business checking accounts at federally insured financial institutions. Once the
co-conspirators established the business checking accounts, they deposited
checks drawn on accounts opened at other institutions into the newly established
accounts. The conspirators then withdrew funds prior to the checks clearing the
banks. The deposited checks were ultimately returned as Non-Sufficient Funds
(NSF), Closed Account, or Refer to Maker. Despite this, Bergren and Morales had
already transferred or withdrawn the funds immediately made available to
accounts under their control. During the course of the scheme, Bergren and
Morales opened more than 30 business checking accounts. The deposits and
withdrawals were done at various federally insured financial institutions in the
Middle District of Florida.

To date, Bergren, Morales, and others acting at their direction, deposited
checks into accounts at financial institutions totaling approximately
$493,017.65, of which $288,682.45 was withdrawn.

Morales previously pleaded guilty for his role in the scheme. His sentencing
hearing is scheduled for May 15, 2014.

Following his arrest for the instant scheme on or about August 23, 2013, through
and including the date of his re-arrest on a second complaint for the same type
of activity on or about December 19, 2013, Bergren continued engaging in this
check kiting scheme. During this second phase of the scheme, in which Morales
was not involved, Bergren recruited others to open shell companies and
corresponding business accounts at Bank of America into which Bergren deposited
$32,167.19 worth of NSF or closed account checks. Bergren directed that third
parties withdraw funds from these accounts before the NSF or closed account
checks deposited into them cleared, and provide him with the cash. This resulted
in an additional actual loss to Bank of America of $20,899.30. Thus, to date,
Bergren is responsible for an intended loss of approximately $525,184.84 and an
actual loss of approximately $309,581.75.

This case was investigated by the Tampa Police Department and the United States
Secret Service. It is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Mandy
Riedel.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

Arizona: Former Corporate Lawyer Arrested and Charged in Manhattan Federal Court
in Connection with Multi-Million-Dollar Ponzi Scheme

LENGTH: 983  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
and George Venizelos, the Assistant Director-in-Charge of the New York Field
Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation ("FBI"), announced today that
CHARLES A. BENNETT was arrested this morning on securities and wire fraud
charges stemming from his scheme to defraud over 30 investors of more than $5
million through a Ponzi scheme that he perpetrated for more than five years.
Among other false and misleading statements, BENNETT lied to investors by
claiming to have exclusive access to a highly successful privately held
investment fund in which he would purportedly invest the investors' money.
BENNETT solicited millions of dollars from over 30 investors, including his
close friends and family members, but never actually invested any of the money
in the investment fund or any other investment vehicle. Instead, BENNETT used
the investors' money for his own personal benefit and to pay back other
investors.

BENNETT is expected to be presented today before United States Magistrate Judge
Kevin Nathaniel Fox.

U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "As alleged, Charles Bennett built a Ponzi
scheme with money from friends and family, among others. The scheme, in which he
allegedly told lie upon lie, lasted over five years and defrauded investors of
over $5 million."

FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge George Venizelos said: "All attorneys take an
oath to deal honestly and promote their client's best interests. As alleged,
Bennett appeared to his clients to be a reputable attorney whom they could trust
to invest their hard-earned money. Instead, he breached his oath and leveraged
relationships he had with clients, some of whom he identified as close friends
and family members, for personal financial gain. The FBI will continue to work
with its law enforcement and private sector partners to investigate those whose
greed-based schemes rob individuals of their hard-earned money."

In a separate action, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC")
announced civil charges against BENNETT.

According to the two-count Complaint unsealed today in Manhattan federal court:

From 2008 through November 2014, BENNETT, a former corporate lawyer at a law
firm based in New York City, was engaged in a multimillion-dollar Ponzi scheme,
during which he solicited money from investors based on materially false and
misleading representations. Specifically, BENNETT told the investors that he
himself had invested money in a highly successful privately held investment
fund, and that, should they choose to invest, the investors' money would be held
in BENNETT's account. BENNETT communicated by e-mail and telephone with many of
the investors in order to tell them about the purported status of their
investments, including their purported returns. BENNETT also led most of the
investors to believe that they were the only individuals to whom he had extended
the offer to invest with him.

BENNETT created false and misleading paperwork in furtherance of the scheme,
including "promissory notes" that he provided to the investors as a record of
the amounts of money they had given to BENNETT to invest. BENNETT also provided
certain investors with account statements that purported to show the amount that
BENNETT (and the investors, through BENNETT) had invested. In fact, BENNETT
never invested any of the investors' money in the investment fund or in any
other investment vehicle, but instead spent the money on his own personal
expenses and to repay other investors.

During the course of the fraudulent scheme, BENNETT solicited more than $5
million from more than 30 investors.

BENNETT, 56, of Manhattan, is charged with one count of wire fraud and one count
of securities fraud. The securities fraud count and the wire fraud count each
carry a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison; and the charges carry a maximum
fine of $5 million, or twice the gross gain or loss from the offense. The
maximum potential sentences in this case are prescribed by Congress and are
provided here for informational purposes only, as any sentencing of the
defendant will be determined by the judge.

Mr. Bharara praised the work of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and thanked
the SEC for its assistance. He added that the investigation is continuing.

Today's announcement is part of efforts underway by President Obama's Financial
Fraud Enforcement Task Force (FFETF) which was created in November 2009 to wage
an aggressive, coordinated and proactive effort to investigate and prosecute
financial crimes. With more than 20 federal agencies, 94 U.S. Attorneys' offices
and state and local partners, it's the broadest coalition of law enforcement,
investigatory and regulatory agencies ever assembled to combat fraud. Since its
formation, the task force has made great strides in facilitating increased
investigation and prosecution of financial crimes; enhancing coordination and
cooperation among federal, state and local authorities; addressing
discrimination in the lending and financial markets and conducting outreach to
the public, victims, financial institutions and other organizations. Since the
inception of FFETF in November 2009, the Justice Department has filed more than
12,841 financial fraud cases against nearly 18,737 defendants including nearly
3,500 mortgage fraud defendants. For more information on the task force, visit
www.stopfraud.gov.

This case is being handled by the Office's Securities and Commodities Fraud Task
Force. Assistant U.S. Attorney Amy Lester is in charge of the prosecution.

The allegations contained in the Complaint are merely accusations, and the
defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                          September 21, 2006 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Suspects in Ponzi scheme arrested in Malaysia

BYLINE: RICHARD PIERSOL, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 527 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


The couple is accused of bilking Nebraskans.

A couple accused of bilking Nebraskans out of half a million dollars in an
international pyramid scheme has been arrested in Malaysia by that country's
securities authorities, the Nebraska Department of Banking and Finance said.

The department issued a cease and desist order in June 2005 against an
organization that called itself People in Profit System Inc., which the
department had been investigating since January 2005.

The organization was a global Ponzi, or pyramid scheme, promoted as a Web-based
private investment club by Bryan Marsden, a British subject living in Malaysia,
and several others named in the department's order, according to the department.

Marsden and his wife, Phan Sew Ken, were arrested in Malaysia earlier this month
for their participation in the scheme, which investigators estimate netted them
nearly $10 million illegally, the department said.

They're in custody there and will be prosecuted there, said Nora Tallmon,
spokeswoman for the department.

Ponzi, or pyramid schemes, are illegal to operate in Nebraska and elsewhere.
They work by taking new investors' money to pay off others who invested earlier
in the scam. Most investors are usually left with nothing, while the organizers
escape with the investments.

The department said its securities bureau first became aware of the
organization's presence in January 2005, but learned of an organized Internet
attempt to form a "PIPS Club" in Nebraska later.

In June of last year, the department reported the organization offering
investment products that promised from 5,000 percent to 14,000 percent annual
interest returns on investors "loans" of $450 to $1,000, or lump-sum returns of
almost $88,000 with more than $9,000 in dividends, "for the duration of their
life."

Approximately 70 people had responded to the scam in Nebraska by the time the
department issued its cease and desist order last year. The department said its
securities bureau received dozens of calls and eight formal complaints over the
last year and a half from Nebraskans who claimed they lost a total of $500,000.

The department would not identify any of those who have claimed they lost money.

Their recovery of any money is uncertain.

"It will depend on a lot of factors, none of which we can predict at this time,
said Jerry McFarland, a department securities analyst.

Other states and nations that were after those involved in the scheme were:
Alaska, Texas, Iowa, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Missouri, Connecticut,
Australia and Ireland.

"We want Nebraskans to know that this type of scam is common and ask them not to
let their guard down," said McFarland. "Pyramid schemes never pay off in the
long run. As the scheme begins to collapse, victims are given a constant stream
of flimsy excuses, double-talk or no response at all, while the operators of the
schemes are pulling out and disappearing with others' hard-earned money, or
reinventing themselves under a new name - as Marsden did several times before
his arrest."

FOR MORE INFORMATION

Nebraska Department of Banking and Finance: (402) 471-2171, toll free at (877)
471-3445, or online at www.ndbf.org.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  Western Mail

                          January 22, 2003, Wednesday

CITY TO PIONEER SCHEME

BYLINE: ROBIN TURNER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 546 words


SWANSEA is to pioneer a US-style zero tolerance scheme in which businesses pay
for cleaner streets, graffiti free zones and "ambassadors" to deter aggressive
beggars and help shoppers.

Swansea is one of 22 locations in Britain, and the only in Wales, to pilot the
Business Improvement District (Bid) programme.

The innovative scheme was announced in Parliament yesterday.

In America, Bid projects are credited with transforming the centre of
Philadelphia, once dubbed "Filthadelphia" by locals, into a clean and orderly
city centre.

Heather MacDonald, editor of the US City Journal, said the programmes work like
the successful zero tolerance approach adopted by NewYork's police department
which has slashed crime in the Big Apple.

"Bid schemes have returned to an earlier set of values regarding public space.

"They appreciate that simple things, such as keeping sidewalks safe and clean,
matter enormously.

"A city that has lost the will to control allegedly minor' offences such as
litter and graffiti only invites further disorder. "Cyclones of trash once
commanded the sidewalks in Philadelphia. Now, thanks to the Bid schemes, the
sidewalks are steam cleaned every day.

"And in Baltimore, down town business leaders have dispelled the area's
reputation for crime with roving patrols of uniformed ambassadors' who assist
tourists and discourage begging."

In New York City's 34 Bid areas, once squalid neighbourhoods from Times Square
to Brooklyn have been made safer and more attractive along with the city
police's zero tolerance crackdown on minor crime.

Under the Bid programme, businesses in Swansea's city centre will pay a levy and
the cash will be spent on whatever improvement schemes the businesses want. A
three person team will lead the project and a not-for-profit company will be
established to deliver the schemes.

Among the most popular schemes in the US are: # The appointment of ambassadors
or wardens to act as guides for visitors, to report petty crime immediately to
the police and to discourage anti-social behaviour.

# Paying for marketing of the area and putting money into festivals, mardi gras
and other events which bring people in. # The tidying and revamping of public
space which has become run down or derelict.

# Measures to protect shoppers' cars from criminals. # Helping empty shops have
a new business life.

# The appointment of anti-graf-fiti squads to target repeat offenders and to
paint over scrawled designs as soon as they appear.

# Paying for extra street cleaning and new equipment such as gum removers and
steam washers.

Other UK cities taking part include Bristol, Birmingham, Bromley, Coventry,
Ealing, Liverpool, Manchester, Fulham and Hammersmith, Plymouth, Reading,
Greenwich, Keswick, Lincoln and Blackpool.

Businessman Roy Thomas, who chairs the Swansea City Centre Partnership, said,
"We will need to change attitudes and build a consensus on this. In short, get
everyone on board.

"We will be bringing together the key players, identifying potential schemes and
developing detailed and deliverable business plans."

Swansea businessman, Dave Kenny, said, "The overall aim will be to provide a
clean, safe, friendly and well marketed environment."

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2003 Western Mail and Echo Ltd


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 20, 2016 Friday

Rindge man convicted in Ponzi scheme to get a new attorney for a fourth time

BYLINE: The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 300 words


May 20--CONCORD -- A new attorney will take over the case of a Rindge man at the
center of a multi-million-dollar Ponzi scheme.

The third lawyer for Aaron E. Olson since he was charged in 2014 was granted
permission to withdraw from the case Thursday in U.S. District Court in Concord.
Olson, who is in prison and appeared via videoconferencing, said that he didn't
object to attorney Michael J. Connolly leaving his case, and that he has hired a
new lawyer, according to court documents. He also asked for his restitution
hearing to be postponed.

In his motion to withdraw from the case, Connolly said he was making the request
because of irreconcilable differences between him and Olson, and a breakdown in
the attorney-client relationship.

Judge Landya B. McCafferty granted Connolly's motion Thursday and postponed the
restitution hearing to no later than mid- to late June. The hearing was
previously scheduled for May 26.

Connolly represented Olson at his April 1 sentencing where he received five
years in prison and three years probation for understating the federal income
taxes he owed from 2007 to 2010 by more than $664,000. Olson is now incarcerated
at FMC Devens in Massachusetts.

He has since appealed the sentence to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit in Boston.

According to prosecutors, Olson swindled investors out of $27.8 million through
his two illegitimate firms, AEO Associates and KMO Associates. He also diverted
more than $2.6 million of those funds for his personal use by 2010, prosecutors
said.

Meghan Foley can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1436, or
mfoley@keenesentinel.com Follow her on Twitter @MFoleyKS.

___ (c)2016 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160520-KN-Rindge-man-convicted-in-Ponzi-scheme
-to-get-a-new-attorney-for-a-fourth-time-0520-20160520

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2016 The Keene Sentinel


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 October 26, 1991, SATURDAY, THREE STAR Edition

ERXLEBEN IS LINKED TO 'RIP-OFF' SCHEMES

BYLINE: Compiled by Dan Caesar Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 751 words


Russell Erxleben, one of college football's leading kickers when he was at Texas
in the late 1970s, is under indictment in two Texas counties on felony bad-check
charges, the Houston Chronicle reported Friday.  In a copyright story, the
Chronicle said Erxleben's name has become associated with rip-off investment
schemes, worthless checks and promissory notes and court judgments. He has been
indicted in Dallas and Tarrant counties.  Victims from as far away as California
and Florida have lost millions of dollars in ''can't lose'' deals, bank loans
and other transactions in which Erxleben traded on his name and reputation, the
newspaper said.  He still holds University of Texas records for longest field
goal, 67 yards against Rice in 1977; most punts in a season, 72 in 1978; highest
average yards per punt in a season, 46.6 in 1976, and in a career, 44.2,
1975-78.  FOOTBALL Dye Suggests Boycott Of Newspaper Auburn coach Pat Dye said
Auburn supporters should boycott The Montgomery (Ala.) Advertiser, which ran
allegations of payments to football players in violation of National Collegiate
Athletic Association rules. ''I'm going to do everything I can do to let them
dry up on the vine,'' Dye said on his Thursday night radio show. ''. . . I
wouldn't do one thing that would help The Montgomery Advertiser make a dime.''
Former St. Louisan Richard Amberg Jr., publisher of the daily newspaper, said
Dye's comments were misdirected and that it appeared the coach was ''trying to
shoot the messenger.'' GOLF Maggert Leads By 4 Strokes In Houston Jeff Maggert
spiced his second successive 7-under-par 65 with an eagle and six birdies and
held a four-shot lead after two rounds of the Independent Insurance Agent Open
in suburban Houston. Maggert's round over his home course gave him a 36-hole
tournament record of 14-under-par 130 and a comfortable lead over Duffy Waldorf
and Billy Ray Brown. Belleville, Ill., native Jay Haas, who shot a 64, was at
136 in the PGA Tour event.  Barber Shares Senior Event Lead Miller Barber
overcame a sudden attack of asthma on the 18th hole to save par in a round of 66
and secure a share of the lead in the Security Pacific Senior Classic in Los
Angeles. Barber carried three inhalers with him and will take medication before
today's second round. Dan Morgan, in search of his first victory in seven years
on the Senior PGA Tour, eagled the 11th hole on the way to a 5-under 66 that
tied him with Barber, Chi Chi Rodriguez and former San Francisco 49ers
quarterback John Brodie.  Volvo Tourney Delayed Heavy rains in Sotogrande,
Spain, interrupted play in the second round of the Volvo Masters, putting off
completion of the round for a day.  First-round leader Mark James of England,
who had finished only four holes, held to his lead at 5 under par.  TENNIS
Edberg, Becker Win In Stockholm Top-seed Stefan Edberg and defending champion
Boris Becker advanced to the semifinals of the Stockholm Open with victories
over Americans. Edberg beat Richie Reneberg 6-3, 2-6, 6-3 in a struggle between
two serve-and-volley players. Becker, ranked No. 2 in the world behind Edberg,
beat 1990 U.S.  Open champion Pete Sampras 7-5, 7-5.  Becker meets American Jim
Courier, the third seed, who beat Czech Petr Korda (11) 6-4, 6-4. Next up for
Edberg is Aaron Krickstein, whose won when Goran Ivanisevic retired because of a
cold with the unseeded American leading 7-6, 1-0.  Graf Advances In England
Top-seeded Steffi Graf beat Lori McNeil 7-5, 6-2 and advanced to the semifinals
of the Midlands Bank Championship indoor tournament in Brighton, England. But
second-seeded Katerina Maleeva was ousted by unseeded Catarina Lindqvist 6-2,
7-6 (7-3).  Third-seeded Zina Garrison will play Lindqvist in the semifinals
after a 6-3, 6-2 victory over Radka Zrubakova. Graf will play fifth-seeded
Barbara Paulus, who advanced when No. 4 Nathalie Tauziat pulled out because of a
stomach virus.  Lendl To Miss Paris Open Ivan Lendl has dropped out of next
week's $2 million Paris Open ATP tournament because of a groin injury. Lendl,
ranked fifth in the world, and Andre Agassi, ranked eighth, will be the only top
10 players to miss the tournament, which will start Monday.  BOXING Kittikasem
Keeps Title Muangchai Kittikasem of Thailand retained his World Boxing Council
flyweight title with a 12-round decision over Mexico's Alberto Jiminez in
Bangkok, Thailand. The judges scored the fight 114-114, 115-114 and 117-110.
The title defense was Kittikasem's second.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            December 2, 2007 Sunday

Blocking scheme lets Raiders run wild

BYLINE: By Steve Corkran Bay Area News Group

SECTION: FOOTBALL; Raiders; Sports

LENGTH: 594 words


It's not often that Denver Broncos Coach Mike Shanahan has anything nice to say
about the East Bay team that once employed him. But Shanahan and the Raiders can
agree on this much: credit for Oakland's resurgent running attack goes to
offensive line coach Tom Cable's zone-blocking scheme.

Shanahan knows of what he speaks. His Broncos have used a similar blocking
scheme since he arrived in Denver in 1995. The scheme, he said, can be grasped
easily and pays rapid rewards.

"If people know what they're doing and know how to teach it, they can have some
success right away," Shanahan said, citing the Raiders' statistics. "That kind
of proves how quickly you can turn around a running game if you know what you're
doing."

The Raiders are averaging 131.4 yards a game, fifth-best in the NFL. Last season
they ranked 29th, as they did in 2005. They ranked 32nd, dead last, in 2004.

The turnaround is more astonishing when you consider the cast of characters.
Cable, in his first year as the Raiders' line coach (and only his second NFL
season) inherited a rag-tag five-man band.

Right guard Cooper Carlisle was a free-agent from the Broncos, and a prize
compared to right tackle Cornell Green, who has changed teams four times in five
years and hadn't started a game since 2003. Center Jeremy Newberry had been
released by the 49ers, his career thought to be over, after injuries limited him
to 11 games over three seasons.

Even the returnees were dog-eared. Left tackle Barry Sims played left guard last
season and was benched late in the season. Left guard Robert Gallery played left
tackle and was falling far short of expectations for a No. 1 pick in his third
season.

Sims said it didn't take long for him and his linemates to realize that they
were on to something with Cable.

"It's a thing where we're continuing to learn but you can see guys starting to
understand the system better," Sims said. "Once we understand it, that's when
you see our running backs succeed. Once we get everybody on the same page, it's
going to be pretty tough to stop."

Said Shanahan: "You can tell that they are very well coached. They're much
improved from what I've seen in the past. You can see that the players are
playing extremely hard."

According to Cable, the top-ranked rushing offense each of the past nine seasons
has used the zone-blocking scheme. The Broncos favor the scheme because it gives
them a distinct advantage in terms of down and distance on a consistent basis,
Shanahan said.

"It's positive yards," Shanahan said. "You're trying to limit any negative-yard
plays. You want to run the ball down the field and try to prevent negative-yard
plays. You have to count eight people in the box to stop the run. Then when you
get eight people in the box, you get the chance at some one-on-one coverage."

The system makes it easier for seemingly ordinary running backs to succeed.

The Broncos have a long history of reaping huge gains from undrafted backs or
ones selected in the late rounds.

Following in the footsteps of Terrell Davis, Mike Anderson, Olandis Gary, Reuben
Droughns and Tatum Bell, Selvin Young and Andre Hall both are averaging more
than 5 yards per carry for the Broncos.

And now, for the Raiders, Justin Fargas is averaging 4.8 yard per carry and is
on pace for a 1,000-yard season.

"I don't want to say it's easy running the ball in the NFL because it isn't as
easy as it looks," Fargas said. "It just seems so much easier in this system and
with the way the offensive line is blocking. We have so much confidence in this
system, and it's only going to get better."

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Oakland Raiders running back Justin Fargas (25) slips past Kansas City
Chiefs' Jarrad Pollard (44) as he goes in for a touchdown in the fourth quarter
of a NFL football game Sunday, Nov. 25, 2007 in Kansas City, Mo. The Raiders won
20-17. (AP Photo/Ed Zurga)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

Rindge man's restitution hearing for Ponzi scheme victims postponed again

BYLINE: Meghan Foley, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 311 words


June 30--CONCORD -- The restitution hearing scheduled today for a Rindge man at
the center of a multimillion-dollar Ponzi scheme has been postponed.

And more than two years after Aaron E. Olson was formally charged, his roughly
100 victims won't find out how much money they'll get back for at least another
month.

A U.S. District Court judge granted a motion from Olson's new attorney, Inga L.
Parsons of Boston, this week asking that the hearing be continued to the end of
July or the beginning of August.

The reason for the delay, according to the motion, is so Parsons can have the
necessary time to review documents, meet with Olson and prepare for the hearing.

The motion was filed Monday, just days after the court approved allowing for
Parsons to appear as Olson's attorney.

Parsons is the fourth lawyer to represent Olson since the U.S. Attorney's Office
brought charges against him in 2014.

Judge Landya B. McCafferty sentenced Olson on April 1 to five years in prison
and three years probation for understating the federal income taxes he owed from
2007 to 2010 by more than $664,000. Olson is now incarcerated at FMC Devens in
Massachusetts.

He has since appealed the sentence to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit in Boston.

This marks the the second time Olson's restitution hearing has been postponed.
His sentencing hearing had been postponed six times.

Olson swindled investors out of $27.8 million through his two illegitimate
firms, AEO Associates and KMO Associates, and diverted more than $2.6 million of
those funds for his personal use by 2010, according to court documents.

Meghan Foley can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1436, or
mfoley@keenesentinel.com Follow her on Twitter @MFoleyKS.

___ (c)2016 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160630-KN-Rindge-man-s-restitution-hearing-for-Ponzi-scheme
-victims-postponed-again-0630-20160630

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2016 The Keene Sentinel


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 21, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: SEC Charges 10 Individuals in Scheme to Sell Stock in Blank Check
Companies Secretly Bound for Reverse Mergers

LENGTH: 830  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Securities and Exchange Commission, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced fraud charges against 10
individuals involved in a scheme to offer and sell penny stock in undisclosed
"blank check" companies bound for reverse mergers while misrepresenting to the
public that they were promising startups with business plans.

Blank check companies generally have no operations and no value other than their
status as a registered entity, which makes them attractive targets for
unscrupulous individuals seeking reverse mergers with clean shells ripe for
pump-and-dump schemes. The federal securities laws impose various requirements
on blank check companies to prevent such illicit use. The SEC alleges that
Daniel P. McKelvey of Foster City, Calif., Alvin S. Mirman of Sarasota, Fla.,
and Steven Sanders of Lake Worth, Fla., routinely evaded these requirements by
creating undisclosed blank check companies and installing figurehead company
officers while falsely depicting in registration statements and other SEC
filings that the companies were pursuing real business ventures under these
officers. Allegedly concealed from the public was the fact that the companies
were controlled at all times by McKelvey, Mirman, or Sanders for the sole
purpose of entering into reverse mergers with unidentified companies so they
could profit from the sales.

"The federal securities laws prohibit the registration and sale of stock in
undisclosed blank check companies given their frequent use in perpetrating
pump-and-dump schemes," said Eric I. Bustillo, Director of the SEC's Miami
Regional Office. "We allege that McKelvey, Mirman, and Sanders went to extreme
lengths to run an illicit supply chain of undisclosed blank check companies,
including the complete fabrication of business plans and installation of
illusory executives."

According to the SEC's complaint filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern
District of Florida, McKelvey, Mirman, and Sanders collectively developed nearly
two dozen undisclosed blank check companies and sold most of them for a total of
approximately $6 million in ill-gotten gains. They were thwarted from further
sales when the SEC instituted stop order proceedings last year that led to the
suspension of the registration statements of four issuers before they could be
further packaged for sale. The scheme allegedly involved forging or falsifying
hundreds of certifications filed with the companies' SEC filings as well as
communications from impersonating e-mail accounts, management representation
letters to accountants, notarizations on applications to the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority, and securities purchase agreements used in the sales of
the undisclosed blank check companies.

The SEC's complaint alleges that Steven Sanders's brother Edward G. Sanders of
Coral Springs, Fla., Scott F. Hughes of Duluth, Ga., and Jeffrey L. Lamson of El
Dorado Hills, Calif. assisted the scheme by acting as corporate nominees with
knowledge of the false business plans, drafting or providing false business
plans, or recruiting other nominee officers.

The SEC's complaint charges McKelvey, Mirman, Steven Sanders, Hughes, Lamson,
and Edward Sanders with violating or aiding and abetting violations of the
antifraud, reporting, recordkeeping, and internal control provisions of the
federal securities laws. The SEC seeks disgorgement of ill-gotten gains plus
prejudgment interest, financial penalties, and permanent injunctions as well as
officer-and-director bars and penny stock bars.

The SEC's complaint also names four relief defendants for the purpose of
recovering illicit proceeds of the scheme in their possession: Mirman's wife
Ilene P. Mirman, a company managed by McKelvey called Forte Capital Partners
LLC, and two companies managed by Steven Sanders named AU Consulting LLC and MBN
Consulting LLC.

The SEC additionally charged four other figurehead officers and directors who
agreed to settle their cases in separate administrative proceedings: Edward T.
Farmer of Sarasota, Fla., William J. Gaffney of Cumming, Ga., Kevin D. Miller of
Alpharetta, Ga., and Ronald A. Warren of Peachtree Corners, Ga. They consented
to SEC orders without admitting or denying the findings that they violated the
antifraud, reporting, recordkeeping, and internal control provisions of the
federal securities laws. They are barred from serving as an officer or director
of a public company and from participating in penny stock offerings, and they
must disgorge ill-gotten gains plus prejudgment interest.

The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, is being conducted by Jeffrey T.
Cook in the Miami Regional Office as part of the Microcap Fraud Task Force. The
case is being supervised by Eric R. Busto, and the SEC's litigation will be led
by Patrick R. Costello.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday

Supreme Court overturns Florida capital sentencing scheme

LENGTH: 400  words


(JURIST) - The US Supreme Court ruled [opinion, PDF] 8-1 Monday in Hurst v.
Florida [docket] that Florida's capital sentencing scheme violates the Sixth
Amendment. The Florida law [text] states that in a sentencing hearing, the jury
hears the evidence and votes on an "advisory sentence," but in a separate
hearing the judge must find and weigh aggravating and mitigating circumstances
to determine whether to impose a death sentence, regardless of the jury's
recommendation. The court relied on Ring v. Arizona [opinion, PDF], a 2002 case
that found Arizona's capital sentencing scheme unconstitutional because it
permitted a judge instead of a jury to be the fact-finder regarding whether a
death sentence should be imposed. Writing for the majority, Justice Sonia
Sotomayor stated:

The Sixth Amendment protects a defendant's right to an impartial jury. This
right required Florida to base Timothy Hurst's death sentence on a jury's
verdict, not a judge's factfinding. Florida's sentencing scheme, which required
the judge alone to find the existence of an aggravating circumstance, is
therefore unconstitutional.

The decision upholding Hurst's death sentence was reversed and the case remanded
for proceedings consistent with the opinion.

Petitioner Hurst was found guilty by a Florida jury of murdering his coworker.
The jury recommended the death penalty, and the judge found the requisite
aggravating circumstances to sentence Hurst to death. Use of the death penalty
[JURIST news archive] has been a controversial issue throughout the US and
internationally. Last month the Pennsylvania Supreme Court upheld the authority
[JURIST report] of Governor Tom Wolf to postpone executions in the commonwealth.
In October the Oklahoma Court of Criminal Appeals unanimously granted [JURIST
report] a request from Attorney General Scott Pruitt to halt all of the state's
scheduled executions to allow for an investigation into why the prison received
incorrect lethal injection drugs. Oklahoma became the epicenter [JURIST report]
of the lethal injection drug debate in 2014 after the death of Clayton Lockett,
a death row inmate who died of an apparent heart attack minutes after doctors
called off a failed attempt to execute him. In June the US Supreme Court held
that the use of the drug midazolam may be used in executions [JURIST report]
without violating the constitution. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             June 12, 2010 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Ponzi cash spent on luxuries: SEC; Two Calgary men accusedby U.S. agency

BYLINE: Tamara Gignac, Calgary Herald; Calgary Herald

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 534  words


O ne of two Calgary men accused of running an alleged $300-million Ponzi scheme
used investor money to buy homes and jewelry for his wife and daughter,
according to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

The market watchdog alleges in a civil fraud complaint that Calgarians Gary
Sorenson and Milowe Brost masterminded a scheme to direct money from 3,000
unsuspecting Canadian and American victims through a labyrinth of offshore
accounts held as far away as Asia, Europe and South America.

Tens of millions of dollars were put to their own personal use, including the
purchase of extravagant homes, ranches and recreational vehicles, the SEC
claims.

According to a U.S. federal court filing, Sorenson spent approximately $1
million to pay off his daughter Laura Sorenson's $360,366 mortgage and help
finance a California film studio on her behalf. Another $1 million went towards
a house, watch and jewelry for his wife Thelma Sorenson, the agency alleges.

Both women have been named as relief defendants in the suit.

"This was a long-running Ponzi scheme that used multiple entities and bank
accounts with the goal of funnelling investor money back to Sorenson and Brost,"
Jay Scoggins, an investigator with the SEC's Denver office, told the Herald.

Apart from Brost and Soreson, the others charged are Larry Lee Adair of Fort
Lauderdale, Fla.; Ward Capstick, a Canadian citizen who lives in Snohomish,
Wash.; Bradley Regier of Calgary and Martin Werner of Boca Raton, Fla.

The SEC alleges the defendants conducted "dog and pony" shows that duped people
into investing their savings, retirement funds and even home equity with the
promise of extraordinary annual returns of 18 to 36 per cent.

Brost and Sorenson also face allegations of theft and fraud with Alberta
authorities. In separate proceedings, the two men are named as respondents in a
hearing before the Alberta Securities Commission.

Sorenson's lawyer, Glenn Solomon, declined to comment Friday on the SEC matter.
"He hasn't been served with anything yet," Solomon said.

The suit, filed in Seattle federal district court, is seeking injunctive relief,
civil penalties and the surrender of any funds obtained through the scheme.

According to the SEC, investor dollars circulated through more than 80 bank
accounts in the U.S. and Canada as well as the Bahamas, Belize, Bermuda,
Ecuador, Honduras, Malaysia and other foreign centres.

"In classic Ponzi scheme style, after paying investors' purported returns, the
defendants diverted investors' funds to their personal benefit," said the SEC
complaint.

The scheme collapsed sometime in late 2007 or early 2008, when the men could no
longer bring in fresh capital to meet outstanding obligations to investors, the
regulator claims.

"Investors -- many of whom were elderly -- have seen their home go into
foreclosure and have been forced to postpone or reverse retirement decisions as
a result of their losses," according to the SEC complaint.

Scoggins declined to comment on the scope of the SEC investigation. But in a
news release, it thanked the FBI, the Internal Revenue Service and the U.S.
Attorney's Office for their assistance in the case.

With files from Tony Seskus, tgignac@theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2010 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            April 23, 2008 Wednesday

YOUR LETTERS

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 486 words


Unspoken questions about AG staffers

None of the Dayton Daily News articles covering the
"Three-Statehouse-Guys-inan-Apartment" flap has stated the obvious. While the
behavior of the men/bosses is deplorable, it appears these young women exhibited
extreme stupidity, at the least. Didn't their mommas tell them 1) not to "end
up" at married men's apartments; and 2) not to drink so much that they "end up"
on the bed?

Molly Bordonaro Hall

Beavercreek

Ohio must stop insurance scheme

A new type of insurance scheme is targeting seniors with a get-rich-quick deal -
but it's only the investors who profit, and only when the senior dies.

The promoters of these schemes are inducing senior citizens to purchase life
insurance and then sell the death benefits to the investors. The sooner the
seniors die, the higher the profit to the investors.

Some of these schemes are truly unconscionable. In California, residents of a
nursing home were given a small amount of money by one of these promoters to
fill out a "survey." The residents were never told that the "survey" was in fact
a life-insurance policy application and that the promoters would receive the
death benefits.

As an insurance agent, I know the real value that life insurance can provide for
families and small businesses. Part of my job is to explain to people the
importance of having an appropriate amount of life insurance. But these schemes
turn the basics of life insurance on their head.

Something must be done to prevent these ugly schemes from taking hold in Ohio.
Ohio House Bill 404 is carefully targeted at these abuses. It will not affect
the rights of people who purchase life insurance in good faith, including their
right to sell the policy if it becomes necessary. Only those who promote the
bad-faith purchase of life insurance will be stopped.

The Ohio House has already approved H.B. 404, and the legislation is now before
the Senate. It is vital that the Senate act.

Mick Lundy

Beavercreek

As CEO, Bush has been flawless

Re "Would you let Bush run your company?," April 15: Perhaps the introduction of
some facts might change the letter writer's mind about hiring President George
W. Bush.

As one of his prime responsibilities to keep the nation safe, the president has
so far performed flawlessly since Sept. 11, 2001. If the complaint is about
cost, the cost of the war in both Iraq and Afghanistan is a bargain compared
with another 9/11.

On the economy, another A. In spite of inheriting a recession, the effects of
9/11 and the devastation of Hurricane Katrina, unemployment in the Bush
presidency has been at historic lows and GDP growth has been the envy of
nations.

I am not sure winning popularity contests is an important requirement for the
position of CEO, but at least the president kept his job when his primary
critics in Europe lost theirs. Maybe the voters of France and Germany were
trying to find a CEO like ours.

Henry Jacobs

Kettering

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                              May 10, 2004, Monday

Shareholder group tackles big business over bosses' options

BYLINE: Sally Patten

SECTION: Business; 23

LENGTH: 435 words


A LEADING shareholder group is this week squaring up for confrontation with some
of the UK's biggest companies, including Standard Chartered and Reckitt
Benckiser, the Anglo-Dutch household goods and healthcare conglomerate.

The Pensions Investment Research Consultancy (Pirc) is preparing its onslaught
as a report from the Co-operative Insurance Society, to be published today,
concludes that company directors are making substantial profits, sometimes at
the expense of shareholders, through the abuse of share option schemes.

The Manchester-based insurer is urging executives to reconsider the way they use
share option schemes. Such schemes are often employed by companies to ensure
that directors work effectively for investors as well as themselves.

However, Ian Jones, head of responsible investment at the CIS, said: "In many
cases, they (share option schemes) do not properly align the interests of
shareholders and directors.

"These schemes can be all too easily abused and can sometimes give directors a
cost-free opportunity to make substantial profits when shareholders receive
little in return."

Today, Pirc will recommend that investors oppose the remuneration report of
Centrica at the gas and electricity firm's annual meeting.

c argues that the targets set by Centrica for share option awards and long term
incentive schemes are not challenging enough. The company's annual report says
that options can be exercised if the growth in earnings per share exceeds the
retail prices index by between 9 per cent and 18 per cent over three years.

Pirc has similar concerns about incentive schemes at Standard Chartered, which,
it points out, are not linked to any performance targets.

The consultancy also recommends that investors vote against the remuneration
reports of Hanson, the building supplies group; Next, the high street clothing
retailer; Old Mutual, the fund managers and Reckitt Benckiser -the latter on the
grounds that remuneration packages for top executives are excessive.

Next and Reckitt Benckiser are likely to face the toughest confrontations with
investors. The Association of British Insurers, whose members control nearly 20
per cent of the shares on the London stock market, has issued rare "red-top"
alerts on both companies.

The ABI argues that the salaries, pension payments and options at Reckitt
Benckiser are a "serious breach" of best practice. The pay packet of Bart Becht,
chief executive, soared 63 per cent to £4.2 million last year, while that of
Colin Day, the finance director, rose 42 per cent to £1.4 million.


LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2004 Times Newspapers Limited


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Lancashire

                                January 24, 2002

Just up their street

BYLINE: Claire Fearn

SECTION: News

LENGTH: 394 words



A MASSIVE cash injection of GBP 956,000 has been awarded to Blackpool Borough
Council to give its streets a new and more people-friendly image.

The Government's new Home Zone Challenge is funding the environmentally-minded
scheme in the Talbot and Brunswick areas of North Shore. And it is hoped it will
act as a blueprint for similar future developments both in Blackpool and across
the country.

Blackpool is among 15 North West winners of the GBP 30 million scheme that was
initiated to improve quality of life in densely populated urban areas.

The proposed scheme is to focus in on four streets in the South East corner of
the defined area, which runs from Talbot Road to the North, Devonshire Road to
the East, Church Street to the South and Cookson Street to the West.

This area contains 215 households and the majority are old terraces with very
small front gardens and some flats. The streets were not designed for the
current level of car ownership and aims of the scheme include creating a sense
of ownership, increasing safety and accessibility for community activities.

Hugh Wignall, project officer for the initiative in Blackpool, said: "Ultimately
we are hoping to improve the overall quality of life for people living in this
area and we hope it will encourage people to stay in the area.

"We want to return the streets back to the people and to get rid of the
dominance of cars. We will be working in conjunction with Urban Solutions, the
same team who have successfully transformed parts of Manchester with the Home
Zone scheme.

"We are very concerned about what the residents want and will work closely with
them. The initial consultation and design process will hopefully get under way
before Easter and the whole scheme should be finished by 2004. Blackpool Borough
Council is also putting GBP 300,000 towards the scheme from the local transport
plan."

Home Zones are residential streets in which the road space is shared between
drivers of motor vehicles and other road users, with the wider needs of
residents (including people and children who walk and cycle) in mind. The aim is
to change the way that streets are used and to improve the quality of life in
residential streets by making them places for people, not just for traffic. This
is in line with the Government's wider agenda on improving public spaces.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2002 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     January 9, 1997 Thursday Final Edition

54 charged in stockbroker exam scam

SOURCE: Reuter

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. C11

LENGTH: 459 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Fifty stockbrokers, some of whom paid up to $5,000 to imposters to take
licensing exams for them, were indicted in the biggest securities test-cheating
scheme ever uncovered, prosecutors said yesterday.

Manhattan district attorney Robert Morgenthau said there were 54 defendants in
the scheme, including two "ringers" who took the tests, middlemen who helped
carry out the scheme and 50 brokers who paid imposters to take the tests. Three
of the latter became middlemen themselves.

Another defendant previously pleaded guilty for his role in the scheme and Mr.
Morgenthau said the investigation was continuing with more arrests expected. The
defendants arrested mostly worked for small brokerage firms throughout the
United States and many of them were employed by the same companies.

The most serious charges, including forgery and possession of forged securities,
each carry possible prison terms of up to seven years.

The scheme centred on a national six-hour exam that is offered daily at 56 sites
across the country. About 200,000 tests are given annually.

The ringers were able to escape detection by taking the tests at a variety of
locations in different states and by using fake photo identifications. The sites
included Boston, Chicago, Cleveland, Milwaukee, Nashville and Philadelphia plus
smaller cities.

The test measures an applicant's knowledge of securities issues, markets,
regulations and laws. It is the first hurdle that potential brokers must pass
before they are authorized to sell securities to investors.

The tests are "critically important" to determine an individual's understanding
of securities markets, said Mary Shapiro, president of the National Association
of Securities Dealers Regulation, the enforcement arm of the National
Association of Securities Dealers.

The investigation prompted the NASDR to begin fingerprinting test takers last
year. This year, it will begin videotaping them as well.

The 21/2-year probe began after proctors at test centres began noticing that one
individual was apparently taking multiple tests under different names.

Ms Shapiro said the NASD had also received an anonymous tip about the scheme.

The alleged "ringers" arrested in the scheme were Igor Shekhtman of Encino,
Calif., who was employed as a broker with M. Rimson & Co., and who allegedly
took at least 28 tests for 17 people, and Robert Idzi, of Pleasantville, N.Y.,
who allegedly took at least 22 tests for 17 people.

Charges against the defendants include forgery in the second degree and criminal
possession of forged instruments, both carrying terms of up to seven years, and
falsifying business records and offering false instruments for filing, which
carry possible prison terms of up to four years.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:; AP / Pedestrians walk past NASD headquarters in New York
yesterday.

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 1997 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 4, 1986, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Guilty Plea in Theft of $13.5 Million

BYLINE: By KIRK JOHNSON

SECTION: Section D; Page 5, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 572 words


An investment banker based in Greenwich, Conn., has pleaded guilty to stealing
$13.5 million from two banks and attempting to steal $23 million from three
other banks in a complex scheme that involved faked documents and impostors who
posed as bank officers and brokers.

The defendant, John A. Grambling Jr., who is 36 years old, faces up to 20 years
in prison after pleading guilty to a 32-count indictment in State Supreme Court
in Manhattan. A co-defendant, Robert H. Libman of North Miami, Fla., pleaded
guilty last month to fifth-degree conspiracy for his role in the scheme,
impersonating financial officers. He was sentenced last week to six months in
jail.

Mr. Grambling fraudulently obtained loans in a futile effort to buy the American
subsidiary of Husky Oil Ltd. of Calgary, Alberta, according to a statement
released yesterday by his lawyer, Alan Kaufman.

'I Never Intended to Steal'

''I never intended to steal any money from the banks,'' Mr. Grambling said. ''I
expected to be able to repay them after the successful completion of the Husky
acquisition.''

Mr. Kaufman said that the guilty plea was made last week but was sealed until
yesterday by Justice Herman Cahn of State Supreme Court so that Mr. Grambling
would have ''a week to prepare his family.'' He remained free on $50,000 bail
pending sentencing in January.

According to court documents, Mr. Grambling operated what is known as a ''Ponzi
scheme,'' named after the person who perfected it in the 1920's. Essentially, it
involves making one fraudulent loan after another and using the proceeds of each
new loan to make payments on the previous loan. The scheme is often difficult to
detect, law-enforcement officials say, because unless a link in the chain
breaks, none of the banks lose money.

''But when the music stops, the house of cards collapses and the emperor is
found to be wearing no clothes,'' said Brian Rosner, an Assistant District
Attorney in the frauds bureau at the Manhattan District Attorney's office.

In this case, the house of cards began to collapse after several banks began in
late 1984 and early 1985 to get suspicious about the apparently wealthy Texan
from Connecticut.

Manhattan Prosecutors

The banks voiced their suspicions to the Manhattan District Attorney's office.
Prosecutors there said they were able to take the case because the actual
transfer of the money in one of the first loans in the scheme, with the Bank of
Montreal, occurred in Manhattan.

According to the indictment, Mr. Grambling used his presumed wealth, backed by a
series of forgeries and impostors, to induce the Montreal bank and the Colorado
National Bank of Denver to grant loans for a total of $13.5 million.

Prosecutors said that $2 million was used as a payment on the Montreal loan but
that the remaining $11.5 million has not been recovered.

A keystone of the scheme, they said, was the fact that banks do not check
closely when the wealth of the borrower is apparent and vouched for by others.
''There's a huge element of trust in all these relationships,'' Mr. Rosner said.
''Somebody comes in and says he's worth $50 million. You make a couple of phone
calls to check, and that's it.''

Prosecutors said Mr. Grambling also tried to obtain $5 million from the First
Interstate Bank of Denver, $8 million from the First Security Bank of Utah and
$10 million from Security Savings and Loan Association of Jackson, Miss.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2014 Friday

Washington: SEC Charges Three Penny Stock Promoters Behind Pump-and-Dump Schemes

LENGTH: 806  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Securities and Exchange Commission, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The Securities and Exchange Commission today charged three penny stock promoters
with conducting pump-and-dump schemes involving stocks they were touting in
their supposedly independent newsletters.

The SEC alleges that Anthony Thompson, Jay Fung, and Eric Van Nguyen worked in
coordinated fashion to gain control of a large portion of shares in the stock of
microcap companies and then hyped those stocks in newsletters they distributed
to prospective investors. After creating demand for the stock and increasing the
value, they sold their holdings at the higher prices and earned significant
profits. Once they stopped their promotional efforts, the demand for the stocks
subsided and the prices dropped, leaving investors who had purchased the
promoters' shares with significant losses.

According to the SEC's complaint filed in federal court in Manhattan, the
newsletters published by Thompson, Fung, and Van Nguyen misleadingly stated that
they "may" or "might" sell shares they owned when in reality their intentions
always were to sell the stocks they were promoting. In fact, in some instances
they already were selling the stocks to which they were saying "may" or "might"
sell. They also failed to fully disclose in their newsletters the amounts of
compensation they were receiving for promoting the stocks, cloaking the fact
that they were coordinating their promotion of the penny stocks to deliberately
increase the prices and dump their own shares.

"Investors should be very wary of penny stock promotions like these, which
promise quick and vast riches to those who are purportedly lucky enough to
invest," said Andrew M. Calamari, Director of the SEC's New York Regional
Office. "In this case, the promoters violated a specific legal requirement that
they accurately disclose all compensation they were receiving for promoting the
stock and the fact that they were simultaneously selling the stock while urging
the investing public to buy it."

According to the SEC's complaint, the three promoters conducted five separate
schemes that resulted in more than $10 million in ill-gotten gains. The penny
stocks they manipulated were Blast Applications Inc., Smart Holdings Inc., Blue
Gem Enterprise Inc., Lyric Jeans Inc., and Mass Hysteria Entertainment Company
Inc. Thompson, who lives in Bethesda, Md., distributed several electronic penny
stock promotion newsletters with such names as FreeInvestmentReport.com and
OxofWallStreet.com. Fung, who resides in Delray Beach, Fla., distributed his
newsletters at such websites as PennyPic.com, and Van Nguyen was typically based
in Canada and distributed electronic penny stock promotion newsletters on such
websites as UnrealStocks.com and InsanePicks.com.

"Thompson, Fung, and Van Nguyen repeatedly staged coordinated promotional
campaigns to manipulate stock prices and score their own paydays while
defrauding investors," said Sanjay Wadhwa, Senior Associate Director for
Enforcement in the SEC's New York Regional Office.

The SEC's complaint names two relief defendants for the purposes of recovering
money in their possession that resulted from the schemes. Thompson's wife
Kendall Thompson received $200,000 in proceeds from one of the stock
manipulation schemes. John Babikian, who operated a penny stock promotion
business primarily from a website named AwesomePennyStocks.com, received $1
million as a result of one of the schemes. In a separate SEC case involving a
different scheme, a court ordered $3.73 million in sanctions against Babikian.

The SEC's complaint charges Thompson, Fung, and Van Nguyen with violating the
antifraud and anti-touting provisions of the federal securities laws and related
rules. The SEC is seeking disgorgement of ill-gotten gains from the schemes plus
prejudgment interest and penalties as well as permanent injunctions against
further violations of the securities laws.

Thompson and Fung also were named in a separate SEC case for their roles in a
Florida-based scheme in which they promoted a penny stock in their newsletters
without adequately disclosing they were selling their shares in the same stock
and receiving compensation for their promotional efforts. A court issued a final
judgment requiring them to pay more than $1 million combined.

The SEC's investigation was conducted by Peter Pizzani, Timothy Nealon, Michael
Osnato, and Thomas P. Smith Jr. of the SEC's New York Regional Office, and the
case was supervised by Mr. Wadhwa. The SEC's litigation will be led by Howard A.
Fischer. The SEC appreciates the assistance of the Manhattan District Attorney's
Office and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 25, 2009 Wednesday

Two plead guilty to tobacco scheme

BYLINE: Patsy Brumfield, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 748 words


Nov. 25--GREENVILLE -- More arrests are likely in a multi-state, multi-year
black market tobacco conspiracy that yielded two guilty pleas Tuesday.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Clay Joyner told District Judge W. Allen Pepper Jr. that
Jerry G. Burke, 67, of Tupelo and Randy L. Benham, 43, of Cordova, Tenn., worked
a scheme with a New York tobacco importer and a South Carolina warehouser to
avoid millions of dollars in federal and state taxes, while making millions for
themselves.

The others have not been charged yet but the investigation continues, U.S.
Attorney Jim Greenlee said immediately after the two-hour hearing.

Burke and Benham pleaded guilty to three federal counts:

-- Defrauding the U.S., Mississippi, New York, South Carolina and others of more
than $20 million in cigarette taxes and fees.

-- Making false statements to U.S. and Mississippi authorities about the
cigarettes they were selling.

-- Using wire transmissions and the U.S. mail to further their scheme.

They each face up to 43 years in prison and $750,000 fines, plus millions in
restitution and forfeiture of property gained from their profits.

Pepper will decide their sentences, likely in about six weeks after completion
of a pre-sentencing guidelines report by the U.S. Probation Service.

More charges possible

Both men agreed to cooperate with the investigation and to testify before grand
juries and at trials, if necessary. They still can face tax-related charges and
state charges.

Burke agreed to forfeit more than $1.6 million in cash and two SUVs, in addition
to the 1982 Beech C90 Turbo Prop airplane the government seized from him last
spring, after it raided a warehouse he once owned at 120 E. Franklin St., in
Tupelo.

Benham's attorney, Steve Farese of Ashland, told Pepper his client will make a
cash forfeit, but details weren't immediately available. Burke was represented
by Tony Farese of Ashland and Frank Russell of Tupelo.

The men's identities became public after the Tupelo warehouse raid in May.

An earlier raid, whose Highway 178 location was not revealed until months later,
made public the identify of that warehouse's tenant, Jerry Gammons.

Tuesday, Joyner said Gammons' business, GCorp, operated "under cover" to conduct
business with Benham, Burke and the contacts in New York and South Carolina.

Earlier documents stated the U.S. seized $1.89 million in payments to an
undercover informant, although that person's identify was not specified.

While Greenlee declined to discuss Gammons' role, case documents show a
"cooperating witness" with GCorp recorded phone and other conversations with the
investigation's subjects.

When asked if Benham and Burke were the scheme's masterminds or just players,
Greenlee answered, "This was their scheme -- they knew what they were doing."

But he also noted the pair were not the only ones involved.

Taxes avoided

The scheme involved bringing tobacco products into Mississippi, where certain
fees can be avoided because of its separate settlement with national tobacco
manufacturers years ago. The products, mostly cigarettes, then were sent to
South Carolina, part of a different settlement, thus avoiding more taxes and
fees.

During the course of the scheme, documents allege, the New York importer shipped
and sold some 1,075,000 cartons of cigarettes, worth more than $10 million, to
the South Carolina wholesaler.

By diverting the cigarettes through Mississippi, the New York importer avoided
some $5.4 million in escrow payments to South Carolina. The scheme worked from
Jan. 1, 2003, to June 23, 2008, prosecutors say.

Greenlee thanked the various agencies involved with bringing the case to this
point -- FBI, ATF, the State Auditor's Office, Tupelo Police Department and
Marshall County Sheriff's Department.

Several weeks ago, the Mississippi Tax Commission auctioned off nearly 1 million
cartons of cigarettes at the Highway 178 warehouse. The sale yielded $277,635
and most of the tobacco products went overseas for sale.

Contact Patsy R. Brumfield at (662) 678-1596 or patsy.brumfield@djournal.com

To see more of the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.djournal.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Northeast
Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091125-TP-Two-plead-guilty-to-tobacco-scheme-1125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2009 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Lancashire

                                 March 7, 2005

Soccer stars help school aim higher

LENGTH: 807 words


FOOTBALL-mad youngsters are teaming homework with their favourite sport and
aiming high to improve their exam grades.

Gayle McBain takes a look at a new scheme which sees Bolton Wanderers linking up
with local schools in an attempt to inspire pupils to look to the future.

A new Football in the Community scheme run by Bolton Wanderers hopes to give
children the incentive to go on to further education - rather than leaving
school at 16.

Three local high schools are currently involved in the Aim Higher scheme -
Withins Smithills School and Mount St Joseph - all with the same aim of bringing
together sport and education.

The idea is that children who have been identified as most likely not to go on
to further education will get involved in the scheme and then hopefully think
about going on to higher education rather than leaving school after they take
their GCSE exams.

With the added motivation and encouragement they get from the project they have
the potential to improve their chances of getting good grades at GCSE level and
then may even feel sixth form or college would be an option followed hopefully
by a university course.

Aim Higher is a Government campaign to encourage under-represented groups to
further their education at university and is supported by the Manchester
Metropolitan University.

A total of £5.24 million has been provided from the Higher Education Funding
Council for England for Aim Higher schemes throughout the country and a total of
£200 million has been set aside for the initiative over the next two years. The
projects will run until April 2006.

Various schemes have been set up throughout England including some to help
children with learning difficulties and dyslexia and others designed to
encourage youngsters to take up chemical science courses.

The Bolton scheme cleverly combines football and homework and it has proved a
big hit with the young people in the three schools involved.

At Withins on a Tuesday night the children chosen to take part in the scheme
stay after their usual 3pm finish and complete an hour of homework and an hour
of football training and coaching from the Bolton Wanderers Football in the
Community Scheme.

There is the added incentive of occasional input from Bolton Wanderers' players
- defender Anthony Barness put in a surprise appearance at a recent session.

Rebecca Draper is in charge of the Aim Higher scheme at Withins in Breightmet.
She is head of Girls' PE and deputy head of year 10. She said the scheme was
proving to be a huge success and was hugely popular with the youngsters
involved.

"At first we had around a 90 to 95 per cent attendance record but for the last
few weeks it has been 100 per cent.

"The children love it. They don't seem to mind doing the homework because they
know they get the chance to play football while they are here she said.

There are 10 year nine boys and 10 year 10 girls taking part in the project at
Withins. We had to pick children from two different age groups and decided these
were the youngsters who would benefit most said Rebecca.

The idea is to target students who would not have thought about going on to
university - to give them the opportunity to think about going on to further
education.

"The scheme is for students from disadvantaged areas whose first thought when
leaving school would perhaps be to get a job.

"We can talk to them about their other options and help them improve their
grades. If they can get better grades then they have the option of going on to
sixth form or college and then to university."

It is not all play without work though. The youngsters have to knuckle down to
some serious homework which also involves help with revision techniques and
study skills to enable them to get the most from their forthcoming examinations
but the bonus is that they get to play football and learn new skills.

"They have to do the work bit but then they get the reward of an hour's football
which they all love especially the girls said Rebecca.

Paul Maloney and Vicki Price coach the youngsters involved in the £544,000
Bolton scheme.

Vicki has been coaching for two years and used to play for the Bolton Wanderers'
Ladies Football team. The youngsters all seem to enjoy the football particularly
when one of the Bolton Wanderers players turns up.

"I think it is a big incentive for the youngsters to turn up when they know they
are going to meet one of the first team players she said.

Vicki, aged 19, said she was able to form a rapport with the young people. I
think they find it easy to relate to me because I'm not much older than they are
she said.

The youngsters are taught a wide range of footballing skills from Vicki and
Paul, including turning and dribbling.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2005 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Lancashire

                                 March 7, 2005

Soccer stars help school aim higher

SECTION: Education

LENGTH: 805 words


FOOTBALL-mad youngsters are teaming homework with their favourite sport and
aiming high to improve their exam grades.

Gayle McBain takes a look at a new scheme which sees Bolton Wanderers linking up
with local schools in an attempt to inspire pupils to look to the future.

A new Football in the Community scheme run by Bolton Wanderers hopes to give
children the incentive to go on to further education - rather than leaving
school at 16.

Three local high schools are currently involved in the Aim Higher scheme -
Withins Smithills School and Mount St Joseph - all with the same aim of bringing
together sport and education.

The idea is that children who have been identified as most likely not to go on
to further education will get involved in the scheme and then hopefully think
about going on to higher education rather than leaving school after they take
their GCSE exams.

With the added motivation and encouragement they get from the project they have
the potential to improve their chances of getting good grades at GCSE level and
then may even feel sixth form or college would be an option followed hopefully
by a university course.

Aim Higher is a Government campaign to encourage under-represented groups to
further their education at university and is supported by the Manchester
Metropolitan University.

A total of £5.24 million has been provided from the Higher Education Funding
Council for England for Aim Higher schemes throughout the country and a total of
£200 million has been set aside for the initiative over the next two years. The
projects will run until April 2006.

Various schemes have been set up throughout England including some to help
children with learning difficulties and dyslexia and others designed to
encourage youngsters to take up chemical science courses.

The Bolton scheme cleverly combines football and homework and it has proved a
big hit with the young people in the three schools involved.

At Withins on a Tuesday night the children chosen to take part in the scheme
stay after their usual 3pm finish and complete an hour of homework and an hour
of football training and coaching from the Bolton Wanderers Football in the
Community Scheme.

There is the added incentive of occasional input from Bolton Wanderers' players
- defender Anthony Barness put in a surprise appearance at a recent session.

Rebecca Draper is in charge of the Aim Higher scheme at Withins in Breightmet.
She is head of Girls' PE and deputy head of year 10. She said the scheme was
proving to be a huge success and was hugely popular with the youngsters
involved.

"At first we had around a 90 to 95 per cent attendance record but for the last
few weeks it has been 100 per cent.

"The children love it. They don't seem to mind doing the homework because they
know they get the chance to play football while they are here she said.

There are 10 year nine boys and 10 year 10 girls taking part in the project at
Withins. We had to pick children from two different age groups and decided these
were the youngsters who would benefit most said Rebecca.

The idea is to target students who would not have thought about going on to
university - to give them the opportunity to think about going on to further
education.

"The scheme is for students from disadvantaged areas whose first thought when
leaving school would perhaps be to get a job.

"We can talk to them about their other options and help them improve their
grades. If they can get better grades then they have the option of going on to
sixth form or college and then to university."

It is not all play without work though. The youngsters have to knuckle down to
some serious homework which also involves help with revision techniques and
study skills to enable them to get the most from their forthcoming examinations
but the bonus is that they get to play football and learn new skills.

"They have to do the work bit but then they get the reward of an hour's football
which they all love especially the girls said Rebecca.

Paul Maloney and Vicki Price coach the youngsters involved in the £544,000
Bolton scheme.

Vicki has been coaching for two years and used to play for the Bolton Wanderers'
Ladies Football team. The youngsters all seem to enjoy the football particularly
when one of the Bolton Wanderers players turns up.

"I think it is a big incentive for the youngsters to turn up when they know they
are going to meet one of the first team players she said.

Vicki, aged 19, said she was able to form a rapport with the young people. I
think they find it easy to relate to me because I'm not much older than they are
she said.

The youngsters are taught a wide range of footballing skills from Vicki and
Paul, including turning and dribbling.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2005 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             July 20, 2010 Tuesday

Man extradited from Thailand to face charges in alleged Ponzi scheme

BYLINE: By Mike Cruz

SECTION: NEWS; Breaking

LENGTH: 306 words


A former Riverside man has been extradited from Thailand to face more than two
dozen felony counts in San Bernardino County for allegedly running a Ponzi
scheme that generated $14 million in investor losses.

Ronald Paul Shade, 39, was arrested by San Bernardino County District Attorney's
investigators Friday at Los Angeles International Airport on charges of grand
theft, financial elder abuse and filing forged documents with the county
Recorder's Office.

Shade pleaded not guilty to 29 felony counts at an arraignment Monday before
Judge Kenneth Barr in San Bernardino Superior Court. The defendant returns to
court July 27.

Investigators say hundreds of victims were drawn into the scheme which generated
$14 million in investor losses, a conservative estimate not including interest.

Although a U.S. citizen, Shade was living in Thailand for about two years when
authorities caught up with him, said Michael Leibrich, a senior investigator in
the District Attorney's Office.

Shade solicited money from numerous investors from 2006 to 2008 for his company,
Orange Crest Realty, on Brockton Avenue in Riverside, say prosecutors. Investors
were promised rates of returns between 12 to 15 percent for a short-term
investment.

But the scheme went south really quick, Leibrich said, and the checks stopped
coming to investors.

Elderly victims discovered their life savings were being used to further a Ponzi
scheme and alerted authorities.

Investors met Shade through an advertisement in a Los Angeles newspaper that
promised high returns and were allegedly secured by a deed of trust, prosecutors
said.

Shade is being held at West Valley Detention Center, in Rancho Cucamonga, on
$3.9 million bail.

Aiding in Shade's extradition and arrest were the U.S. Marshal's Service Pacific
Southwest Regional Fugitive Task Force and the U.S. State Department.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Phillips bolsters Broncos;
Defensive master has unit playing to its strengths

BYLINE: Lindsay H. Jones, @bylindsayhjones, USA TODAY Sports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 659 words


Wade Phillips has been nothing but deferential this season when it comes to his
top-ranked Denver Broncos defense.

It's his assistant coaches, he says, who teach the technique and spend the most
time with players. And it's those players, guys such as linebacker Von Miller
and cornerback Aqib Talib, Phillips says, who truly make his scheme run. In his
slow, Texas drawl, Phillips likes to say he's just "clanging the bell" on
Denver's defensive train.

But it's all just a front.

Read Phillips' tweets -- yes, a 68-year-old, three-time former NFL head coach is
a prolific tweeter under the handle @sonofbum -- and listen closely to his
recent news conferences, and you'll discover a brilliant defensive mind and a
man who takes great pride in not just building a defensive scheme but in
adapting it year to year, roster to roster.

"I don't understand the people that say, 'Hey, this is our scheme, and that guy
can't play in it. The guy can play, he's a good player, but he can't play in our
scheme,'" Phillips said last week.

"Well, to me, there's something wrong with your scheme."

And that, indeed, has been the secret to his success in his first year as
Denver's defensive coordinator. He saw Talib and fellow cornerback Chris Harris
and knew they were best suited to play man-to-man coverage. Phillips saw Miller
and veteran pass rusher DeMarcus Ware, whom Phillips also coached with the
Dallas Cowboys, and knew how he could aggressively send both off opposite edges
while stunting defensive ends Derek Wolfe and Malik Jackson through the middle.
Phillips saw two inside linebackers, Danny Trevathan and Brandon Marshall, who
were strong against the run but also could be trusted to cover running backs on
anything from screens to deep routes.

Phillips inherited all of those players from the previous regime, when Jack Del
Rio ran the defense. And while the unit was a good one, Phillips made it great.
All season, players have praised his play-calling and knack for knowing.

"You look at his track record, and how many times has Wade gone to an
organization, team, and real fast done things?" coach Gary Kubiak said. "It
tells you what type of teacher he is."

The Broncos had 52 sacks in the regular season, most in the NFL, and then rode
the defense to Super Bowl 50 after holding the Pittsburgh Steelers and New
England Patriots to 34 total points in a pair of playoff victories. The
performance against the Patriots was especially impressive, as Broncos defenders
hit quarterback Tom Brady 20 times and intercepted two of his passes.

In the following days, Phillips took to Twitter to discuss the complicated art
of blitzing -- perhaps a shot at analysts who said the Broncos rarely blitzed
against the Patriots -- and later in the week gave a history lesson about the
matchup zone coverage scheme. He might not have a Dick LeBeau-like reputation
for confounding opposing offenses, but that doesn't mean Phillips' system is
simple.

"I'm pretty confusing usually. We play a matchup zone, and people think it's
man-to-man. Then we play man-to-man, and we play some basic zone. We started a
long time ago," Phillips said.

That's how you know his aw-shucks demeanor is just an act. This man knows
football, and he learned it from his father, Bum Phillips, the former Houston
Oilers and New Orleans Saints head coach who died in 2013. Bum Phillips' Oilers
reached two AFC Championship Games in the 1970s but both times lost to the
Steelers.

Now Phillips, whose son Wes is a third-generation NFL coach (tight ends coach
for the Washington Redskins), is making his second Super Bowl trip as a
coordinator but first since the 1989 season during his first stint with the
Broncos.

"My dad was my hero. Not just my dad -- he was also my high school coach and my
college coach. I worked for him for 10 years as a defensive coach and defensive
coordinator," Phillips said.

"Everything that I learned about football and about people and how to work with
people was from him."

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Ron Chenoy, USA TODAY Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

Arizona: CEO and Managing Director of U.S. Broker-Dealer Plead Guilty to Massive
International Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 1128  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

The former chief executive officer and former managing director of a U.S.
broker-dealer (the Broker-Dealer), pleaded guilty to bribery charges arising
from their scheme to pay bribes to Maria De Los Angeles Gonzalez De Hernandez,
who was a senior official in Venezuela's state economic development bank, Banco
de Desarrollo Económico y Social de Venezuela (Bandes), in return for trading
business that generated more than $60 million in commissions.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division and U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara of the Southern District of
New York made the announcement.

"Benito Chinea and Joseph DeMeneses are the fifth and sixth defendants to plead
guilty in connection with this far-reaching bribery scheme, which ranged from
Wall Street to the streets of Caracas," said Assistant Attorney General
Caldwell.  "The guilty pleas and the forfeiture of assets once again demonstrate
that the Department is committed to holding corporate executives who engage in
foreign bribery individually accountable and to deny them the proceeds of their
corruption."

According to the allegations in the indictment and other documents previously
filed in Manhattan federal court:

Benito Chinea, 48, of Manalapan, New Jersey, and Joseph De Meneses, 45, of
Fairfield, Connecticut, working with others, arranged the bribe payments to
Gonzalez in exchange for her directing Bandes's financial trading business to
the Broker-Dealer.  Previously, Gonzalez, along with two employees of the
Broker-Dealer, Tomas Alberto Clarke Bethancourt ("Clarke") and Jose Alejandro
Hurtado ("Hurtado"), pleaded guilty for their involvement in this bribery scheme
.  A managing director of the Broker-Dealer, Ernesto Lujan ("Lujan"), also
pleaded guilty for his role in the scheme.

Background on the Broker-Dealer and Bandes

At all times relevant to the charges, Chinea was the chief executive officer and
De Meneses was a managing director in the Broker-Dealer, which was headquartered
in New York, New York, with offices in Miami, Florida.  In 2008, the
Broker-Dealer established a group called the Global Markets Group, which
included De Meneses, Lujan, and Clarke, and which offered fixed income trading
services to institutional clients.  One of the Broker-Dealer's clients was
Bandes, which operated under the direction of the Venezuelan Ministry of
Finance.  The Venezuelan government had a majority ownership interest in Bandes
and provided it with substantial funding.  Gonzalez was an official at Bandes
and oversaw the development bank's overseas trading activity.  At her direction,
Bandes conducted substantial trading through the Broker-Dealer.  Most of the
trades executed by the Broker-Dealer on behalf of Bandes involved fixed income
investments for which the Broker-Dealer charged Bandes a mark-up on purchases
and a mark-down on sales.

The Bribery Scheme

As alleged in court documents, from late 2008 through 2012, Chinea and De
Meneses, together with three Miami-based Broker-Dealer employees, Lujan, Clarke
and Hurtado, participated in a bribery scheme in which Gonzalez directed trading
business she controlled at Bandes to the Broker-Dealer, and in return, agents
and employees of the Broker-Dealer split the revenue the Broker-Dealer generated
from this trading business with Gonzalez.  During this time period, the
Broker-Dealer generated over $60 million in commissions from trades with Bandes.

In order to conceal their conduct, Chinea, De Meneses and their co-conspirators
routed the payments to Gonzalez, frequently in six-figure amounts, through
third-parties posing as "foreign finders" and into offshore bank accounts.  In
several instances, Chinea personally signed checks worth millions of dollars
that were made payable to one of these purported "foreign finders" and later
deposited in a Swiss bank account.

As further alleged in court documents, as a result of the bribery scheme, Bandes
quickly became the Broker-Dealer's most profitable customer.  As the
relationship continued, however, Gonzalez became increasingly unhappy about the
untimeliness of the payments due her from the Broker-Dealer, and she threatened
to suspend Bandes's business.  In response, De Meneses and Clarke agreed to pay
Gonzalez approximately $1.5 million from their personal funds.  Chinea and De
Meneses agreed to use Broker-Dealer funds to reimburse De Meneses and Clarke for
these bribe payments.  To conceal their true nature, Chinea and De Meneses
agreed to hide these reimbursements in the Broker-Dealer's books as sham loans
from the Broker-Dealer to corporate entities associated with De Meneses and
Clarke.

Chinea and De Meneses each pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Denise L.
Cote of the Southern District of New York to one count of conspiracy to violate
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the Travel Act.  Chinea and De Meneses
have also agreed to pay $3,636,432 and $2,670,612 in forfeiture, respectively,
which amounts represent their earnings from the bribery scheme.  Sentencing
hearings are scheduled for March 27, 2015.

Today's announcement is part of efforts underway by President Obama's Financial
Fraud Enforcement Task Force (FFETF) which was created in November 2009 to wage
an aggressive, coordinated and proactive effort to investigate and prosecute
financial crimes.  With more than 20 federal agencies, 94 U.S. Attorneys'
offices and state and local partners, it is the broadest coalition of law
enforcement, investigatory and regulatory agencies ever assembled to combat
fraud.  Since its formation, the task force has made great strides in
facilitating increased investigation and prosecution of financial crimes;
enhancing coordination and cooperation among federal, state and local
authorities; addressing discrimination in the lending and financial markets and
conducting outreach to the public, victims, financial institutions and other
organizations.  For more information on the task force, visit www.stopfraud.gov.

This case is being investigated by the FBI, and prosecuted Senior Deputy Chief
James Koukios of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and Assistant U.S.
Attorneys Harry A. Chernoff and Jason H. Cowley of the Southern District of New
York.  Assistant U.S. Attorney Carolina Fornos of the Southern District of New
York is responsible for the forfeiture aspects of the case.  The U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission also assisted with this investigation.

Additional information about the Justice Department's FCPA enforcement efforts
can be found at www.justice.gov/criminal/fraud/fcpa.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Telegraph (LONDON)

                          November 23, 2005 Wednesday

Labour love affair with the tram looks like coming off the rails

BYLINE: David Millward Transport Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 425 words


URBAN tram networks across the country, once seen as an ecological way of
beating congestion, are being abandoned or put on hold by the Government because
of rising costs.

Whitehall's growing lack of enthusiasm for the projects has upset Labour MPs
whose constituencies had been earmarked for schemes.

Tram enthusiasts include the Prince of Wales who, during his recent visit to San
Francisco, praised the city's streetcars and regretted that so few were left in
Britain.

John Prescott, the Deputy Prime Minister, was also a fan - at least in 2000,
when his 10-year transport plan included 25 tram networks.

Since then schemes have opened in Croydon, Nottingham, Greater Manchester and
Tyne and Wear. But three have been abandoned: an extension to the Manchester
network, a scheme in south Hampshire and a network in Leeds. Other rejected
plans include the refurbishment of Blackpool's network. The Government has also
put a pounds 170 million ceiling on a scheme in Liverpool.

"I think the Government's wariness is due to previous schemes where there have
been huge cost overruns,'' said George Howarth, Labour MP for Knowsley North.
"But in Merseyside 80 per cent of the costs have been fixed and it would be a
shame if we were to be denied a 21st century transport system because of
mistakes in past schemes.''

Louise Ellman, Labour MP for Liverpool Riverside and a member of the Commons
transport select committee, said: "I am worried the Government is going cool if
not cold on light rail and this makes me very concerned. If there has been a
change in policy, they should say so.''

Despite intensive lobbying by Leeds MPs, the city's supertram project was
ditched after its cost soared from pounds 355 million to pounds 486 million.

"I see a comparison with the city forefathers in the 1880s who invested in water
and sewerage schemes which we are still benefiting from now,'' said Fabian
Hamilton, Labour MP for Leeds North East. "Light rail systems offer cheap
transport, which adds to a city's prosperity.''

Meera Rambissoon, of Transport 2000, said: "The Government is still giving the
go-ahead to road schemes whose costs are spiralling, but not light rail. It is a
bit of an enigma.''

But Derek Twigg, a junior transport minister, said the Government had
contributed around pounds 700 million towards light rail schemes since 1997.

"We have always said that trams can be effective but they won't be suitable
everywhere and there may be better alternatives. Tram schemes need to offer
value for money and we do not approve schemes at any cost,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             May 27, 2009 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended

Mankato roofer implicated in labor scheme that used immigrant workers as
'modern-day slaves,' feds say

BYLINE: Wire and staff reports

SECTION: CRIME AND COURT STORIES; Minnesota-Twin Cities

LENGTH: 281 words


Federal prosecutors in Kansas City, Mo., said 12 people and three companies face
charges alleging they were involved in a scheme to lure illegal immigrants to
the U.S. to work as "modern-day slaves" in 14 states, including Minnesota.

Prosecutors said Wednesday that a federal grand jury in Kansas City had issued a
45-count indictment that included charges of labor racketeering, forced labor
trafficking and immigration violations.

The government alleges many of the workers were threatened with deportation and
forced to live in substandard apartments while working for inadequate pay.

The government said the conspiracy involved fraudulent labor-leasing contracts
in Minnesota, Missouri, Kansas, Alabama, Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida,
Louisiana, Massachusetts, Nevada, New Jersey, South Carolina and Wyoming.

According to the federal indictment:

Defendant Abrorkhodja Askarkhodjaev owned and operated a labor-leasing company,
Giant Labor Solutions, in Kansas City. Through that company and two others he
was associated with, Askarkhodjaev secured fraudulent labor-leasing contracts
with clients in the hotel-resort, casino and construction industries.

Laborfix International, of Kansas City, and defendant Nodirbek Abdoollayev
allegedly were used to fulfill the labor-leasing contract Giant Labor Solutions
secured with Kato Roofing, which has offices in Mankato and Savage.

According to its Web site, Kato Roofing is owned and operated by Jeff Hagen and
Ron Hill, both Mankato natives.

The companies indicted are Giant Labor Solutions; Crystal Management Inc., of
Mission, Kan.; and Five Star Cleaning, of Overland Park, Kan.

This report includes information from the Associated Press.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 29, 2009



CORRECTION: Local: A headline Thursday should not have said that a Mankato
roofer was implicated in a labor scheme involving immigrant workers. In fact,
Kato Roofing was a client of a labor-leasing company that has been indicted in
relation with the scheme. But Kato Roofing has not been implicated or associated
in any way with the federal investigation, and Kato Roofing officials emphasize
that they have done nothing wrong. The Pioneer Press apologizes for the error.

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           January 11, 2017 Wednesday

US delegation appreciates social security schemes in Rajasthan

BYLINE: DNA Correspondent

LENGTH: 236  words




An American delegation that visited the city on Tuesday appreciated the social
security schemes being run by the Department of Social Justice and Empowerment
(DOSJE). The delegation belonging to Western Reserve University in Cleveland,
Ohio visited Social Justice minister Arun Chaturvedi who briefed them about the
schemes of the department.



The minister further informed the delegation about the women empowerment scheme
of Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje which is run under the name of Bhamashah
yojana. Through this scheme the women were connected to the banks and the
benefits of schemes is being given online.

The delegation included Prof Tej Kumar Pareek, Prof Suresh Agarwal, Prof Bullard
Jackson, Prof John Thomas along with 16 students from the university who
gathered information about the state government operated social and economic
welfare schemes.

The delegation was further elaborated on other schemes that included benefits
for nomadic, notified and denotified tribes, scholarship schemes, scholarships,
specially abled persons, SC ST welfare, juveniles, observation home for minor
boys and girls among other things.

Explaining about the geographical aspects of the state, chief secretary DOSJE,
Ashok Jain said that several welfare schemes are regulated by the department to
facilitate the opressed and the victims wherein pension is given to 60 lakh
widows, senior citizens, specially abled persons.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            April 18, 2012 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Accused Ponzi schemer pleads not quilty; Canadian accused in $130M fraud

BYLINE: Teresa Smith, Postmedia News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 464 words


The former owner of the Ontario Hockey League's Cornwall Royals has been charged
in the United States with operating "a massive Ponzi scheme," to the tune of
$129.5 million US.

William Wise, 62, originally from Cornwall, Ont., and California resident
Jacquline Hoegel, 55, are accused of marketing and selling fake certificates of
deposit to more than 1,200 people south of the border.

Wise turned himself in to police Monday evening, when they met him at the San
Francisco airport. He pleaded not guilty in court Tuesday morning and is in
custody. His next court date is May 23.

The U.S. Attorney's office says the money was "used to enrich Wise and Hoegel"
and - as is typical of Ponzi schemes - to make interest payments to earlier
purchasers.

According to court documents, Wise and Hoegel opened the Caribbeanbased
Millennium Bank in 1999 and were allegedly issuing the fraudulent certificates
until March 2009, when the Securities and Exchange Commission shut down the
scheme, following a lengthy investigation by the IRS-Criminal Investigations
Division and the FBI.

Victims of the scheme lost more than $75 million US, according to the indictment
papers.

Wise is facing 23 counts, including conspiracy, mail and wire fraud and money
laundering - each of which carry a maximum penalty of 30 years, a fine of $1
million and an order of restitution.

Hoegel is charged with four counts of making and subscribing a false tax return,
one count of obstruction and one count of false statements. She has pleaded not
guilty.

Wise moved back to Canada after 2009 and settled in the Toronto area. When he
received word in February that there was a warrant for his arrest, his
Toronto-based lawyer, Daniel Brown, said Wise asked him to help surrender to
U.S. authorities.

Brown, who will not be representing Wise in court, said Wise has been assigned a
lawyer and that he "genuinely wants to deal with the charges."

According to the indictment, Wise and Hoegel guaranteed high rates of return
(sometimes over 16 per cent) that were allegedly based on overseas investment.
Victims were told the certificates were issued by three separate entities -
Millennium Bank, United Trust of Switzerland and Sterling Bank and Trust.

Hoegel - who ran the Napa, California office from which most of the deals were
cemented - allegedly told investors Millennium Bank was licensed in St. Vincent
and the Grenadines.

She told them it was represented to be a wholly owned subsidiary of United Trust
of Switzerland, which was purportedly a private financial services company in
Switzerland.

Customers were told Sterling Bank and Trust was an international private bank
managed and administered in Switzerland. However, court documents say all three
institutions were controlled by Wise, with Hoegel as his second-in-command.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2015 Monday

Tennessee: Probability Seminar

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The University of Tennessee Knoxville, The state of Tennessee has issued the
following news release:

Probability Seminar

inShare

SPEAKER: Kei Kobayashi, UT

TITLE: A strong and weak approximation scheme for stochastic differential
equations driven by a time-changed Brownian motion

ABSTRACT: We establish a discretization scheme for a large class of stochastic
differential equations driven by a time-changed Brownian motion, where the time
change is given by a general inverse subordinator. The scheme involves two types
of errors: one generated by application of the Euler-Maruyama scheme and the
other ascribed to simulation of the inverse subordinator. With the two errors
carefully examined, the orders of strong and weak convergence are established.
In particular, an improved error estimate for the Euler-Maruyama scheme is
derived, which is required to guarantee the strong convergence. This is joint
work with Ernest Jum.

Tuesday, 03 February, 2015
2:10 PM - 3:25 PM
Contact:

Phone: 974-2463
Categories:

College of Arts and SciencesCurrent
StudentsEventsFaculty/StaffLectures/SpeakersMathematics
Save this Event:

iCalendar
Google Calendar
Yahoo! Calendar
Windows Live Calendar
Share this Event:

Email to a Friend
                   More...
Ayres Hall

Room 112
1403 Circle Drive
Knoxville, TN 37996
USA
See all events at this location


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 31, 2015 Saturday

Tennessee: Probability Seminar

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The University of Tennessee Knoxville, The state of Tennessee has issued the
following news release:

Probability Seminar

inShare

SPEAKER: Kei Kobayashi, UT

TITLE: A strong and weak approximation scheme for stochastic differential
equations driven by a time-changed Brownian motion

ABSTRACT: We establish a discretization scheme for a large class of stochastic
differential equations driven by a time-changed Brownian motion, where the time
change is given by a general inverse subordinator. The scheme involves two types
of errors: one generated by application of the Euler-Maruyama scheme and the
other ascribed to simulation of the inverse subordinator. With the two errors
carefully examined, the orders of strong and weak convergence are established.
In particular, an improved error estimate for the Euler-Maruyama scheme is
derived, which is required to guarantee the strong convergence. This is joint
work with Ernest Jum.

Tuesday, 03 February, 2015
2:10 PM - 3:25 PM
Contact:

Phone: 974-2463
Categories:

College of Arts and SciencesCurrent
StudentsEventsFaculty/StaffLectures/SpeakersMathematics
Save this Event:

iCalendar
Google Calendar
Yahoo! Calendar
Windows Live Calendar
Share this Event:

Email to a Friend
                   More...
Ayres Hall

Room 112
1403 Circle Drive
Knoxville, TN 37996
USA
See all events at this location


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2015 Friday

Tennessee: Probability Seminar

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The University of Tennessee Knoxville, The state of Tennessee has issued the
following news release:

Probability Seminar

inShare

SPEAKER: Kei Kobayashi, UT

TITLE: A strong and weak approximation scheme for stochastic differential
equations driven by a time-changed Brownian motion

ABSTRACT: We establish a discretization scheme for a large class of stochastic
differential equations driven by a time-changed Brownian motion, where the time
change is given by a general inverse subordinator. The scheme involves two types
of errors: one generated by application of the Euler-Maruyama scheme and the
other ascribed to simulation of the inverse subordinator. With the two errors
carefully examined, the orders of strong and weak convergence are established.
In particular, an improved error estimate for the Euler-Maruyama scheme is
derived, which is required to guarantee the strong convergence. This is joint
work with Ernest Jum.

Tuesday, 03 February, 2015
2:10 PM - 3:25 PM
Contact:

Phone: 974-2463
Categories:

College of Arts and SciencesCurrent
StudentsEventsFaculty/StaffLectures/SpeakersMathematics
Save this Event:

iCalendar
Google Calendar
Yahoo! Calendar
Windows Live Calendar
Share this Event:

Email to a Friend
                   More...
Ayres Hall

Room 112
1403 Circle Drive
Knoxville, TN 37996
USA
See all events at this location


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 9, 2015 Monday

FLORIDA:Three Men Arrested for $11 Million Multi-State Drug Diversion Scheme

LENGTH: 502  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


Office of the Attorney General, The state of Florida has issued the following
news release:

Attorney General Pam Bondi today announced the arrest of three men for their
alleged involvement in a multi-state drug diversion ring. According to the
investigation, the defendants orchestrated the purchase of millions of dollars
of medications on the black market, primarily from Medicaid recipients in Miami,
Fla. and Newark, N.J., and resold to pharmacies in the Northeast, including
North Philly Pharmacy in Philadelphia, Pa. and Lu Puja Pharmacy in Chicago, Ill.
The drugs included anti-depressants, anti-psychotics and HIV medications, such
as Abilify, Atripla, Viread, Zyprexa and Plavix. The defendants allegedly
operated out of locations in Houston, Texas, Orlando, Fla. and San Juan, Puerto
Rico.

The Attorney General's Medicaid Fraud Control Unit, the Attorney General's
Office of Statewide Prosecution, the Florida Department of Law Enforcement and
the Federal Bureau of Investigation conducted this investigation. Throughout the
investigation, authorities seized more than $63,000, two assault rifles and an
automatic shotgun, thousands of dollars of brand new designer shoes, thousands
of dollars of high-end liquors and imported champagnes, and more than 20 animal
trophy heads from South African safari hunting trips. The defendants allegedly
bought all possessions with the profits of this scheme.

"This was a complex drug diversion scheme spanning multiple states and involving
millions of dollars, but thanks to great partnerships with state and federal
agencies we have stopped this massive drug trafficking operation that exploited
our Medicaid program," said Attorney General Bondi.

"The coordination of resources and manpower it takes to bring cases like these
to prosecution is extraordinary," said FDLE Commissioner Richard Swearingen.
"The Medicaid program is designed to help those in need, not be exploited. My
appreciation to our state and federal partners for their hard work on stopping
this criminal organization."

The following defendants face charges of trafficking in contraband prescription
drugs, conspiracy to traffic contraband prescription drugs, two counts of
Medicaid fraud, organized scheme to defraud and four counts of money laundering:


    · Douglas Carmenate, 34, Miami, Fla.;
    · Derek Enriquez, 43, Miami, Fla.;
    · Jason Valdes, 44, San Juan, Puerto Rico.

If convicted, the defendants face up to 15 years in prison for the conspiracy
charge and up to 30 years for the remaining charges. The defendants also face up
to $600,000 for each trafficking charge and $10,000 for the remaining eight
counts. All three defendants are being held in lieu of bond, which is set at
$900,000 each for Carmenate and Enriquez, and $1.8 million for Valdes. The
Florida Department of Law Enforcement and federal authorities are pursuing more
suspects in relation to this drug diversion ring.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            March 12, 2009 Thursday

Victims worry Madoff will take secrets to grave

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 663 words


Disgraced financier Bernard Madoff is expected to plead guilty Thursday to
charges related to running a massive pyramid scheme. But many of his ruined
investors aren't pleased; they worry that he will take his secrets to prison
with him.

On the eve of his federal court hearing, key questions remained unanswered: Who
helped Madoff run one of the largest investment scams in US history? What
happened to the money?

Many of the people ruined by Madoff's scheme took little comfort in his day of
reckoning, even if it puts him in prison for life.

"A pound of flesh here is really not worth as much as a check," explained Burt
Meerow, 70, who saw the proceeds of a lifetime of work vanish. He is now selling
his home in New Jersey to stay afloat.

Madoff is scheduled to enter his plea Thursday morning in US District Court in
lower Manhattan.

His lawyer has indicated he will admit guilt on all 11 felony counts, which
would lead to a sentence of around 150 years under federal guidelines. He would
not be formally sentenced for several months.

Since almost the start of the case, the 70-year-old Madoff has been expected to
plead guilty. And thousands of people who lost money with him have longed for
the day he would be forced to leave his $7 ($13.9) million penthouse apartment,
face his victims and be thrown in jail.

But the swiftness of his confession has been greeted with skepticism by his
investors, many of whom still believe he has plenty to hide.

Some had hoped that prosecutors would eventually force Madoff to name any
accomplices who helped carry out the fraud. Now many investors look at the plea
hearing as a setback of sorts because Madoff is entering the plea on his own,
without a deal with prosecutors. That means he is under no obligation to
disclose names or turn over assets.

His victims are doubtful that the plea will lead to the prosecution of anyone
who helped Madoff or the recovery of additional money for the defrauded. Still
unclear is how much of Madoff's family fortune might be forfeited to the
government, including the penthouse and tens of millions of dollars in assets in
his wife's name.

"The fact that he is protecting people is outrageous," said Jeannene Langford, a
Madoff victim in San Francisco.

Prosecutors have said they are continuing to examine Madoff's finances and
whether any other crimes were committed, either by him or members of his inner
circle. Civil authorities and a court-appointed trustee are also searching for
assets.

The judge has indicated he is willing to hear from a small sampling of Madoff's
victims during the proceeding, but only on two topics: whether the court should
accept the guilty plea and whether Madoff's bail should be revoked.

The bail question is one that has burned deeply for wiped-out investors, some of
whom have struggled to stay in their homes as Madoff has continued to live in
relative luxury under house arrest.

Following the plea, US District Judge Denny Chin could order Madoff taken
immediately to a federal detention center in New York. Chin has not said how he
intends to rule on the bail issue, but he indicated he would give victims who
disagreed with his decision a chance to speak before he makes his order final.

Victims from all over the country have sent emails to the court and prosecutors,
asking to be heard. But Chin said he would keep a tight rein on the spectacle,
limiting the number of speakers and the time and manner in which they are
allowed to address the court.

The possibility that a few of Madoff's investors may get a chance to let him
have it in court was tempered for many by the realisation that any angry words
will be lost on uncaring ears.

"I don't know what I would say to him at this point ... He is just an animal,"
said Paul Allen, an 89-year-old retiree from Thousand Oaks, California, who lost
his life savings in the scam. "Would he say he's sorry? I don't think so. I
don't think he is sorry. The only thing he's sorry about is that a good thing
came to an end."

- AP

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                       June 18, 2004 Friday Final Edition

Basketball: Pyramid scheme nets former Trotter prison term

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen; Citizen News Services

SECTION: Sports; In Brief; Pg. G6

LENGTH: 67 words

Former Harlem Globetrotter Clyde (the Glide) Austin was sentenced to 17 1/2
years in prison yesterday for using churches to lure people into a fraudulent
investment schemes that cost them $16 million U.S. Austin, 46, also was ordered
to repay the victims. Prosecutors in Richmond, Virginia, said Austin, an
ordained minister, promoted the pyramid schemes by speaking at churches and
seminars.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sports; Brief

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   Kansas City Daily Record (Kansas City, MO)

                           September 27, 2002 Friday

Pyramid scheme leads to double damages

BYLINE: Sheila Thiele

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 692 words


A woman who induced others to pay into a pyramid sales scheme is now finding
herself owing twice what she asked the others to pay.

According to Section 407.410 RSMo. 2000, anyone who "induces or causes another
person to participate in a pyramid sales scheme will be liable to that person in
civil damages in an amount equal to the sum of twice the amount of consideration
paid ..."

Following an opinion by the Missouri Court of Appeals for the Western District
affirming the circuit court's decision, Phyllis Wright now owes $10,000 to Kraig
and Sara Mikulich, $10,000 to DeLyne Knox and $20,000 to Annette Willett, for
inducing them to participate in the Women's Empowerment Network.

Section 407.400(5), RSMo. 2000, defines a pyramid sales scheme as, "any plan or
operation for the sale or distribution of goods, services or other property
wherein a person for a consideration acquires the opportunity to receive a
pecuniary benefit, which is not primarily contingent on the volume or quantity
of goods, services or other property sold or distributed or to be sold or
distributed to persons for purposes of resale to consumers, and is based upon
the inducement of additional persons, by himself or herself or others,
regardless of number, to participate in the same plan or operation[.]"

On appeal, Wright argued the plaintiffs did not prove Wright's actions were in
connection with getting them involved in the pyramid sales scheme. However, the
Court found the plaintiffs did not have to prove Wright actually sold anything
to them, but that she "induced or caused" them to pay into the program.

"The Mikuliches, Knox and Willett's burden did not include proving that Wright
sold something to them to be liable for inducing or causing them to participate
in a pyramid scheme ..." Judge Paul Spinden for the appellate court. "Although
the sale or distribution of goods, services or other property is a key element
in the definition of a pyramid scheme, it mattered not that the evidence did not
show that Wright sold or distributed goods, services or other property. That
others were the sellers is of no consequence."

In Willet's case, she attended a promotional meeting for the pyramid scheme, and
later discussed the scheme with Wright, who was also at the meeting. Willet
testified Wright discussed how to get involved in the program and the legality
of the program. Knox also testified that she discussed the scheme with Wright
after she was told to pay her $5,000 to get involved in the program to Wright,
and had told Wright she was nervous about the program. The Mikuliches attended
another promotional meeting, where Wright was present. Wright discussed the
program with them, telling them it had worked well for her and her daughter.

"The words on which to focus in this case are 'induce' and 'cause,'" Judge
Spinden wrote. "Did Wright induce or cause these individuals to participate in
the pyramid scheme?"

The Court defined induce as "to move and lead (as by persuasion or influence
...: prevail upon: influence, persuade ...: to inspire, call forth, or bring
about by influence or stimulation ..." citing Webster's Third New International
Dictionary of the English Language Unabridged. The Webster definition of cause
is "to serve as cause or occasion of: bring into existence: make ...: to effect
by command, authority, or force[.]"

"Applying a strict and literal construction of section 407.410, we conclude that
Wright did induce these individuals to join the scheme," Judge Spinden wrote.
"As Kraig Mikulich said, Wright spoke up during a meeting that the Mikuliches
attended in an attempt to persuade attendees to join. Her telling Sara Mikulich
and Willett that she and her daughter had reaped benefits from the scheme was
inducement for them to join."

The Court found the circuit court's finding that these conversations induced the
others to participate in the program was proper, and affirmed the judgment.

Kraig Mikulich, Sara Mikulich, DeLyne K. Knox and Annette Willett, respondents
v. Phyllis Wright, appellant; case numbers WD60447, WD60448, WD60449; handed
down September 24.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   December 30, 2003 Tuesday Ontario Edition

O'Neill says things looking up for Raps

BYLINE: Doug Smith, Toronto Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C08

LENGTH: 505 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Secret of success is simple: 'Just follow the scheme' Rose says coaches deserve
the credit for improvement


For the time being at least, Kevin O'Neill sees a glass half full.

In the mercurial existence of an NBA head coach - where one's mood depends
entirely on how the team has performed in the last game or two - O'Neill now
promotes a sense of optimism about his Raptors.

Coming off a victory over the Los Angeles Clippers, a team that's not as
wretched as it has been in the not-so-distant past, the head coach is now
talking about the promising signs he's seen lately rather than the disappointing
defensive efforts of a couple of weeks previous.

"I've seen some improvement on our team over the last two games in terms of our
defensive intensity, effort and following schemes," he said as the Raptors
prepared to face the Denver Nuggets here tonight.

The reason for the improvement is simple: The players are finally getting it.

"It's like I'm telling them: 'Just follow the scheme,'" O'Neill said. "If they
score, that's on me; if we don't follow the scheme and they score, that's on
you. Our guys, the last two games, have followed schemes pretty well. We broke
down at the end of the Utah game (Friday) but that was the only time, and
(Sunday in Los Angeles) we didn't break down at all."

Of course, this feel-good moment will pass quickly if the Raptors come up with a
dud here tonight or if they fail to capitalize on a stretch of five home games
that begins Friday.

But to the most senior Raptor, the struggles of the last two weeks may have
driven home the message: Play right, or lose.

"Sometimes you take things for granted, that guys really know what you want, but
sometimes you have to have some failure before you really understand," said
Michael Curry, the 35-year-old all-purpose forward. "I don't think we're going
to have guys making three-pointers at the end of the game when we're supposed to
be not helping off them (like what happened in the overtime loss at Utah). We
have to do a better job on the high pick and roll and once we do that, we'll be
in games every night and hopefully we can pull them off."

Jalen Rose, who ended a shooting slump with 23 points in Sunday's win over the
Clippers, credits O'Neill and his staff.

"When things were going bad, the coaching staff did a good job keeping us intact
and we know the mistakes we make are easy to correct. We watch film, we walk
through things ... and we know the things we aren't doing right and we correct
them.

"Obviously we're a team that needs to get a lot better but that learning curve
is there for every team in the league."

With an offence that is no longer Vince Carter and a series of question marks,
O'Neill also realizes the Raptors don't have to play perfect defence, or
something close to it, to win.

"I hope were at least turning in the right direction to get an identity for
ourselves in terms of our defence," he said. "(The Clippers) had 88 in
regulation, which I can live with every day; Utah only had 88 in regulation,
which I can live with. Hopefully we're making some strides in that direction."

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS BY RICK MADONIK/TORONTO STAR Raps coach Kevin O'Neill says he's
noticed a better effort from the team in recent games.

                  Copyright 2003 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                           January 4, 2017 Wednesday

Connecticut attorney pleads guilty to wire fraud in Stoli scheme

BYLINE: by Donna Horowitz

LENGTH: 285 words


David Quatrella, an attorney from Trumbull, Conn., pleaded guilty to one count
of conspiracy to commit wire fraud in connection with a stranger-originated life
insurance scheme, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office in New Haven, Conn.

Quatrella, 61, waived his right to be indicted, entering a guilty plea
Wednesday, Jan. 4, before Judge Alvin Thompson of U.S. District Court for the
District of Connecticut in Hartford, Conn.

Between June 2008 and January 2016, Quatrella and others, including insurance
brokers in California, New Jersey and Florida, helped elderly people apply for
multimillion-dollar policies.

Quatrella and his co-conspirators promised the seniors free life insurance for
two years and then would try to sell the policies and share the proceeds with
them, according to a press statement by the U.S. Attorney's Office.

As is typical in such schemes, the insureds didn't pay for the policies and were
told that the premiums would be borrowed from third parties. As part of the
scheme, Quatrella and others recruited investors to pay the premiums with the
understanding that they would earn a profit with the policies were sold.

The U.S. Attorney's Office said Quatrella and his co-conspirators submitted
insurance applications to various life insurance companies containing false and
misleading information, which failed to disclose the premium-financing
arrangements.

Quatrella and his co-conspirators received large commissions from insurers who
issued the policies. Quatrella made $272,000 from the scheme. He and his
co-conspirators tried to sell the policies to life settlement investment funds
or brokers, but in certain cases, couldn't find buyers and the policies lapsed.

DEAL SIZE

Undisclosed

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2017 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 26, 2013 Friday

Washington: Pennsylvania man sentenced to 3 years in prison for bank fraud
scheme Maryland healthcare employee used stolen client information to open
fraudulent bank accounts

LENGTH: 843  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A 35-year-old Philadelphia man was sentenced Wednesday to three years in prison,
followed by three years of supervised release, for bank fraud and aggravated
identity theft in connection with a scheme to use stolen personal identities to
open bank accounts and fraudulently obtain cash, merchandise and services.

Derrick Elrod, who was an advisor at Resources for Human Development, Inc.
(RHD), a residential program that supports individuals with mental health needs,
was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Catherine C. Blake. RHD is a nonprofit
social services organization headquartered in Philadelphia.

The sentence follows an investigation by U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI); the Wicomico County
Sheriff's Office; the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), Criminal Investigation
(CI), Washington, D.C. Field Office; and the Social Security Administration,
Office of Inspector General, Philadelphia Field Division.

"The investigation of financial crimes is an HSI priority," said HSI Special
Agent in Charge in Baltimore William Winter. "Derrick Elrod abused his position
of trust by stealing identity information that was entrusted to him to
facilitate a fraud scheme for his own personal benefit. HSI will continue using
all its resources to bring to justice individuals like Elrod who think that
their illegal actions can go undetected."

"Today's sentencing is another example that crime really does not pay," said
Thomas J. Kelly, special agent in charge of IRS CI. "IRS Criminal Investigation
welcomes opportunities to assist the Department of Justice and their law
enforcement partners with dismantling criminal conspiracies profiting from bank
fraud and identity theft."

According to Elrod's plea agreement, beginning in or before April 2010, Elrod
became part of a bank fraud conspiracy led by Christopher Andre Devine when he
opened a checking account into which Devine and his co-conspirators deposited
fraudulent checks totaling $4,800. Devine and others at his direction then made
approximately $2,028.83 in cash advances and retail purchases before the bank
returned the checks for insufficient funds.

After that, Elrod used his position at RHD to steal the personal identifying
information of past or present residents of RHD. Elrod sold the personal
information of at least 40 residents of RHD programs to Devine during Devine's
many trips to Philadelphia.

Over the course of the scheme, Devine and his conspirators used the stolen
information of at least four RHD residents to open checking accounts at banks
and deposited at least $11,598 in fraudulent checks into those accounts.
Approximately $9,858 in cash advances and retail purchases were made from those
accounts before the banks returned the checks for insufficient funds. Devine
even paid a friend to create a fraudulent driver's license using the stolen
information of one of the victims, but with Devine's photo.

In addition, Devine used the stolen personal information of RHD program
residents to file at least 13 false tax returns for the 2010 tax year claiming
$51,987 in fraudulent refunds. Many of the false refunds were direct deposited
into bank accounts controlled by Devine through the bank fraud scheme. The
fraudulent refunds received through the tax scheme totaled $36,552.

The stolen personal information of 15 RHD program residents was used in the bank
fraud and tax schemes.

Christopher Devine, 33, Quanishia Williamson-Ross, 31, Quashonna Williamson, 26,
and Lenee E. Williamson, 22, all of Salisbury, Md., Frederica, Del., and
Philadelphia and John Waters, 38, of Philadelphia, previously pleaded guilty to
their participation in the conspiracy. Devine was sentenced to 121 months in
prison, Williamson-Ross was sentenced to 42 months in prison, Lenee and
Quashonna Williamson were each sentenced to three years in prison and Waters was
sentenced to 27 months in prison.

This law enforcement action is part of President Barack Obama's Financial Fraud
Enforcement Task Force. President Obama established the interagency Financial
Fraud Enforcement Task Force to wage an aggressive, coordinated and proactive
effort to investigate and prosecute financial crimes. The task force includes
representatives from a broad range of federal agencies, regulatory authorities,
inspectors general, and state and local law enforcement who, working together,
bring to bear a powerful array of criminal and civil enforcement resources. The
task force is working to improve efforts across the federal executive branch,
and with state and local partners, to investigate and prosecute significant
financial crimes, ensure just and effective punishment for those who perpetrate
financial crimes, combat discrimination in the lending and financial markets and
recover proceeds for victims of financial crimes.

The case was prosecuted by U.S. attorneys Paul E. Budlow and Kristi N. O'Malley.

For more information please visit: http://www.ice.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            December 10, 2010 Friday

Suspect in area Ponzi scheme has 'no ties';
Lawyer argues she is not a flight risk because she has nothing left.

BYLINE: DAN SCANLAN

SECTION: Pg. B-2

LENGTH: 454 words


A tiny pony-tailed woman dressed in a too-big khaki prison jumpsuit and shackles
sat before a judge Thursday afternoon in Jacksonville's federal courthouse
asking to remain free until trial.

For 10 years, says the 14-count federal indictment against her, St. Augustine
Beach businesswoman Lydia Cladek bilked more than 1,000 investors of $113
million in a scheme that promised high returns for those willing to buy car
loans.

Her lawyer argued that with her passport and property seized, less than $5,000
in a checking account and only a monthly $1,575 Social Security check as income,
the 69-year-old is no flight risk.

She was arrested two weeks ago on charges she used her business in a Ponzi
scheme. She is scheduled for trial Feb. 7.

Entering a not-guilty plea, she was remanded back to a federal holding facility
in the Baker County jail until arrangements can be made for conditions that
include an approved third-party custodian and an ankle bracelet to monitor her
until trial. But some of the creditors seeking funds they claim Lydia Cladek
Inc. stole asked U.S. Magistrate Thomas Morris that she stay behind bars.

Michael Egelman told the judge that Cladek "can't be trusted" to stay around.

"She has not told the truth in all her dealings," he said. "We don't know if she
has funds secreted away."

Sam Coats of St. Augustine said Cladek was so smooth that she had another scheme
ready for him when he approached her a few months ago to ask where his money
was.

"What you see in this court may not be the true picture," Coats said. "All she
tried to protect was herself."

Her company website says it has been converting car loan contracts to cash since
1999 "with the highest returns possible and the fewest hassles to car dealers"
in Florida, Georgia, Alabama, North Carolina, and Tennessee. It would buy the
loans up for less than face value using investor money and return profits of as
much as 15 percent to 20 percent to those buying the paperwork. One of her
offices was in St. Augustine Beach.

Cladek sat quietly as Assistant U.S. Attorney Jay Taylor detailed the charges of
wire and mail fraud and conspiracy to commit fraud. He said everything Cladek
had done was "for you to unlawfully enrich yourself" as she knowingly conspired
to defraud investors.

Taylor told the judge Cladek was a significant flight risk noting evidence that
she had traveled to Cuba, Hong Kong, Bangladesh and Thailand in recent years and
has "essentially no ties to Jacksonville." He said she no longer has any support
or friends of any sort in Jacksonville.

Federal Public Defender Maurice Grant II said the reality is she doesn't have
the money to flee and has no one to support her monetarily.

dan.scanlan@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4549

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Florida Times-Union


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 29, 2007 Saturday

Tide defense will be major test for CU

BYLINE: Kyle Ringo Camera Sports Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C07

LENGTH: 703 words


SHREVEPORT, La. -- The Colorado football team is coming off one of the highest
scoring outings in its history and hopes to carry momentum a month in the making
into its bowl game Sunday against Alabama.

It's going to be considerably more difficult to move the ball and reach the end
zone against Alabama than it was against the worst Nebraska defense anyone can
remember. The Buffs scored 65 points against the Cornhuskers on Nov. 23. They'll
be lucky to get half that this week.

As CU redshirt freshman quarterback Cody Hawkins put it, "Everybody has scored a
lot of points against Nebraska. Nobody has scored a lot of points against
Alabama."

Only three of Alabama's 12 opponents scored more than 24 points this fall. One
of them needed overtime to do it and another is Louisiana State, which will be
playing for the national title next month.

The Crimson Tide ranks 29th in the nation in scoring defense, allowing 22 points
per game using a 3-4 scheme primarily. The Buffs didn't fare too well against
the only other team they faced this season that prefers to use three defensive
linemen and four linebackers as its base scheme.

But CU lost that game at Kansas State because it committed turnovers and allowed
a blocked punt. The Buffs aren't concerned so much about scheme heading into the
bowl game as they are taking better care of the ball.

However, the scheme can also be a problem, particularly for a young offensive
line. CU offensive coordinator Mark Helfrich said Alabama is good at moving in
and out of three- and four-linemen looks and what makes it difficult to block is
the fact that Alabama players have the athleticism to make either option work.

"They can try to confuse you," Helfrich said. "So we've got to do a good job of
recognizing that and still playing aggressively and not totally reacting to what
they're doing."

The Buffs could be facing several future professional football players on
Sunday, but Alabama defensive lineman Wallace Gilberry is a no-brainer. He is
the second leading tackler for the Crimson Tide this season, including making 22
tackles for loss and nine sacks.

It's likely Alabama will try to move Gilberry around and have him matched up
against one of the Buffs' true freshman starters on the offensive line. Coaches
have been preparing Kai Maiava and Ryan Miller for that situation.

Hawkins said the Buffs are finally getting to the point in their offense where
in-game adjustments are more easily made. A year ago, they were nearly
impossible and earlier this season they were limited. He pointed to the second
half of the Nebraska game as one example.

"Basically in that second half our coaches dialed up some stuff that we could
move the ball up and down the field however we wanted," Hawkins said.

One-on-one audition

One of the more interesting matchups Sunday will feature Alabama wide receiver
DJ Hall going against CU cornerback Terrence Wheatley. Both are considered
probable draft picks in the April NFL draft.

Hall is the all-time leader in receptions and receiving yards at Alabama and
Wheatley is second on CU's career interceptions list with 14.

Hall said this week he always looks forward to playing against players he
believes he might see at the next level. He said he sees that potential in
Wheatley.

"They got one of the best cornerbacks in the nation and we gonna see what he
got," Hall said.

Wheatley smirked when told of Hall's remarks.

"That's normal," Wheatley said. "If you don't want to compete, you're playing
the wrong sport, the wrong conference, the wrong everything. That should be
expected. It's his last college game, too. So why not go out and try to do
something special?'

Wheatley has already faced a handful of the nation's best receivers this season
in Michael Crabtree from Texas Tech, Jeremy Maclin from Missouri and Jordy
Nelson from Kansas State.

Hall isn't ruffling his feathers.

Notable

Final fall semester grades were posted Friday and Hawkins said every player is
academically eligible and none will have to be sent home before the game. ...
Defensive tackle George Hypolite has been gutting out practices on a bad
hamstring, but he is expected to play. Hypolite played against Nebraska just
days after suffering partially torn hamstring tendons.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 12, 2012 Thursday

BRIEF: Federal jury finds former Lighthouse Inn operator guilty in investment
fraud scheme

BYLINE: Karen Florin, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 222 words


July 12--A federal jury has found former Lighthouse Inn operator Maureen Clark
guilty on 20 of 21 counts of investment fraud, according to the U.S. Attorney's
office.

Clark was on trial in U.S. District Court in Bridgeport for fraudulently
obtaining more than $1.7 million in a scheme to build a resort casino in
Mississippi. The government alleged that Clark and her business partner,
Christopher Plummer, used more than $1.2 million for purposes other than the
investment project.

The government calculated that Clark spent $900,000 of the investors' funds on
the financially troubled Lighthouse Inn, a New London restaurant and hotel that
has since been foreclosed.

At the trial before Judge Warren W. Eginton, Assistant U.S. Attorneys Michael S.
McGarry and Richard J. Schechter had called investors in the scheme who
described a sales pitch that involved building a resort development that would
help revive a region that had been ravaged by Hurricane Katrina.

Attorneys Hubert J. Santos and Jessica M. Santos maintained that the project was
legitimate and put Clark on the witness stand last week to tell her story.

The jury heard closing arguments on Monday and Tuesday and began deliberating
Wednesday.

___ (c)2012 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120712-NL-BRF-Federal-jury-finds-former-Lighthouse-Inn-operator-guilty-in-inve
stment-fraud-scheme-0712-20120712

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2012 The Day


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 9, 2008 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Tulsa energy firm won't fight assets freeze

BYLINE: Don Mecoy, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 289 words


A Tulsa energy company accused of swindling foreign investors in a multimillion
dollar scheme has agreed not to oppose a restraining order freezing its assets
and requiring an accounting of its finances.

Power River Petroleum International withdrew its objection to a temporary
restraining order issued in Tulsa County District Court last month. The order
was the result of a civil suit that claimed Powder River orchestrated a Ponzi
scheme that may have swindled up to $45 million from more than 2,000 investors,
mostly Asians.

The Oklahoma Securities Department also launched an investigation based on the
Tulsa lawsuit.

Working interests  The Tulsa company sold fractional working interests in oil
and gas properties in Oklahoma, Texas and Louisiana, and promised investors a 9
percent annual return on their money, the petition claims.

Those promises were "nothing more than an illegal pyramid scheme utterly
dependent on an ever-increasing number of new investors to pay existing ones,"
according to the petition.

One of the plaintiffs is Mark Chang, who was recruited by Powder River to
promote the asset sales to Asian investors. Chang resigned from Powder River's
board in March.

Disputed claim  Powder River, in a regulatory filing, said a creditor has
demanded a $1.6 million payment by exercising rights granted it in a lease. The
creditor, Verilease Finance Inc., said Powder River's obligation arose from
"recent adverse change in its financial condition," according to the filing with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

In the SEC filing, Powder River disputes the payment claim and plans to oppose
any legal action to force payment.

Shares of Power River trade on the over-the-counter market for less than a
penny.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                             March 25, 2002 Monday

Dungy's defense makes its way around the NFL

BYLINE: ST. PETERSBURG TIMES

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 520 words


LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. -- Former Tampa Bay Buccaneers coach Tony Dungy is
starting only his second NFL head coaching job in Indianapolis, but his
fingerprints are being found in more and more places throughout the league.

His coaching disciples are fanning out across the league, landing promotions
with other teams or improving their stock within their club. And Dungy's defense
is quickly becoming the scheme of choice around a league that traditionally
copies whatever works.

Next season there are at least six teams -- Bears, Colts, Bucs, Rams, Jets and
Ravens -- that will use some version of the gap-control, cover-2 defense Dungy
brought into vogue, turning a decent defensive team into one of the league's
best during his six seasons with Tampa Bay.

"It's a successful scheme and you're seeing more and more of that," Titans coach
Jeff Fisher said. "I don't know if it's the hot new defense, but I think
there'll be other teams that will try to use a spinoff of some of the coverages
that have come out of Tampa Bay."

Part of the proliferation of that scheme is due to former Dungy assistants
Herman Edwards, now the Jets coach, and Lovie Smith, the Rams defensive
coordinator, using it with their new teams. Plus Dungy is expected to use it in
Indianapolis.

It could soon spread to more teams because the Bucs' defensive success over the
years has made defensive coordinator Monte Kiffin and defensive line coach Rod
Marinelli hot commodities for head coaching and coordinator jobs.

The scheme is also spreading because well, it works.

Under Dungy, the Bucs were perennially among the league leaders in defense. And
this past season Smith instantly turned one of the league's worst defenses in
St. Louis into the fourth-best using Dungy's scheme.

"I think it's a defense that players, when they watch it, are starting to say,
'Man, what are those guys doing?,'" Edwards said.

The scheme, run out of a 4-3 formation, is based around each player essentially
having a single gap or lane to control as opposed to having several
responsibilities depending on the situation or coverage.

The coverage involves having two defensive backs play deep, making it difficult
for offenses to throw downfield. The middle linebacker is the key because he
often is used almost like a strong safety, deployed downfield in coverage.

It sounds complex but players have said they love it because it's simple. "It's
a difficult scheme to attack because it requires patience from an offense,"
Fisher said. "It's a scheme that makes you drive the football. It's rarely going
to give up big chunks of yards."

The true success of the scheme lies with the personnel. It requires quickness
and agility more than brawn because of its mandate of attacking and pursuing the
ball.

"The beauty of a Tony Dungy defense is he puts the right people in the right
place doing the right thing," Ravens coach Brian Billick said.

Because teams run slight variations of the scheme, there seems to be little
consensus on its origins. However, Dungy said he brought its core from his days
as an assistant in Pittsburgh.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          November 11, 2015 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

JPMorgan hackers eyed 14 other firms;
Officials say breach was 'breathtaking in its scope and its size'

BYLINE: Kaja Whitehouse, and Kevin McCoy, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 343 words


The hackers who breached JPMorgan Chase's systems last year were involved in a
widespread scheme that targeted 14 other companies, including a Boston-based
mutual fund firm, several online brokerages and The Wall Street Journal.

The hackers pulled off the "largest theft of customer data from a U.S. financial
institution in history," stealing personal information of more than 100 million
people -- including more than 80 million from one financial institution alone,
according to Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara's office.

At a press conference Tuesday, Bharara described the data breach as
"breathtaking in its scope and its size," saying the hacking was done to support
a series of stock-manipulation schemes, as well as gambling and
payment-processing schemes.

Prosecutors declined to name the firms targeted, but several companies came
forward Tuesday to claim their part in the investigation, including JPMorgan, TD
Ameritrade and online brokerage Scottrade.

The indictment named the alleged hackers as Gery Shalon of Israel, Joshua Samuel
Aaron, a U.S. citizen, and Ziv Orenstein, also of Israel. Shalon and Orenstein
were arrested in Israel in July. They were reportedly linked to the JPMorgan
hack at the time, but the allegations were not made official until this week.

Aaron, who is believed to be in Eastern Europe, remains at large and is wanted
by the FBI.

Bitcoin operator Anthony Murgio of Florida also was tied to the alleged scheme
but charged in a separate indictment for running an unlicensed money
transmitting business.

Murgio ran Coin.mx, which Shalon owned and controlled, prosecutors said. He is
scheduled to be arraigned before Judge Alison Nathan, also of the Southern
District of New York.

Shalon, Orenstein and Aaron were accused of pursuing the widespread cybercrime
to support their other criminal enterprises, including a pump-anddump stock
scheme.

The  hacks occurred between 2012 to mid-2015, but the men were accused of
criminal activity going back to 2007 that earned them hundreds of millions of
dollars in illicit profits.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Mark Lennihan, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           December 12, 2009 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Money Briefs

SECTION: MONEY; Money Briefs; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 476 words


Insider trading case

A former lawyer pleaded guilty in federal court in New York Thursday to
securities fraud, admitting a role in a $53 million insider trading case already
brought against 20 others. The case involves Marlboro-based 3Com Corp.

Brien Santarlas, 33, of Hoboken, N.J., entered the plea in U.S. District Court
in Manhattan. He is the third lawyer charged in the case; in October a
prosecutors said it is the largest hedge fund insider trading scheme ever
prosecuted.

The Securities and Exchange Commission announced civil charges against Mr.
Santarlas and said the secrets he disclosed regarding two deals made public in
2007 - Bain Capital Partners LLC's eventually unsuccessful bid for 3Com Corp.,
and TPG Capital's acquisition of Axcan Pharma Inc. - led to $20 million in
illegal profits. According to court papers, Mr. Santarlas received $7,500 in
cash for feeding tips about the 3Com deal and $25,000 in cash for secrets about
the Axcan acquisition. As part of his plea, Santarlas agreed to forfeit $42,500.

Fraud cost $133M

NEW YORK - On the anniversary of the arrest of Ponzi king Bernard Madoff, a fund
manager whose customers became spooked by Madoff's arrest and asked to retrieve
their own money pleaded guilty to fraud charges in a scheme the government says
cost investors $133 million.

James Nicholson, 43, of Saddle River, N.J., pleaded guilty in U.S. District
Court in Manhattan to securities fraud, investment adviser fraud and mail fraud
in what prosecutors said was a Ponzi scheme of his own.

Nicholson's scheme was discovered when he was unable to pay customers who tried
to retrieve their investments after hearing about Madoff.

Qteros official honored

MARLBORO - Susan Leschine, a professor at the University of Massachusetts at
Amherst, and co-founder of biofuels company Qteros, has been named one of the
Top 25 Women in Tech by technology and media blog AlwaysOn.

Those named to the blog's first list, intended to be an annual event, were
chosen for overall innovation, ability to identify new market opportunities and
creation of stakeholder value. A decade ago, Ms. Leschine discovered an
anaerobic microbe, now known as the Q Microbe, near the Quabbin Reservoir. Her
discovery and subsequent research led to the 2006 founding of Qteros, which is
using the microbe to make cellulosic ethanol from plant waste.

Six Flags plan OK'd

Six Flags Inc., the New York-based theme-park owner, which has a park in Agawam,
got court permission to finance its exit from bankruptcy using loans and a stock
sale, if the company wins approval of its reorganization proposal.

U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Christopher Sontchi approved the proposed $800 million
loan and a $450 million rights offering at a hearing Friday in Wilmington, Del.

Six Flags filed for bankruptcy in June with plans to cut debt by $1.8 billion.

From local and wire service reports

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                            January 18, 2011 Tuesday

City tourism a puzzler

BYLINE: Francis Turner

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 1453 words


1778 Captain Cook discovered Hawaii.

1788 A penal settlement was established in Botany Bay, Australia.

1879 The first England-Wales football international was played at Kennington
Oval in London, England winning 2-1.

1882 AA Milne, creator of Winnie The Pooh, was born.

1911 US pilot Eugene Ely, in a Curtiss aircraft, made the first landing on the
deck of a ship the cruiser Pennsylvania moored in San Francisco Bay.

1912 British explorer Captain Scott reached the South Pole, only to find the
Norwegian Amundsen had arrived a month earlier.

1933 The bodyline bowling row flared up in an Australia v England Test match in
Adelaide.

1944 The 900-day siege of Leningrad ended.

1977 In the worst rail disaster in Australian history, 82 people died when a
Sydney-bound train was derailed.

BIRTHDAYS Dr David Bellamy, botanist/broadcaster, 78; John Boorman, film
director, 78; Raymond Briggs, children's author and illustrator, 77; John Hume,
former politician 74; Paul Freeman, actor, 68; Paul Keating, former Australian
prime minister, 67; Kevin Costner, actor/director, 56; Jane Horrocks, actress,
47.   I cannot believe the headline Start Spreading The News ... Manchester's
Made It In New York' (M.E.N, Wednesday, January 12). Firstly, Manchester came
half way down the ratings, which means that there are 19 other places to look at
first, and are we talking about Manchester UK and not Manchester USA? I am sorry
but I am a resident of Greater Manchester and there are probably only two
reasons out of the ten given to visit Manchester in 2011, which would attract me
into Manchester, the Museum of Science and Industry and the National Football
Museum. I have just arrived back from New York. I was asked by several people
where we were from and I told them Manchester, England. Every one of them
mentioned Manchester United and that was about all they knew about Manchester. I
was asked by a waiter where we were from and I said Manchester, England, and he
said Manchester United and Manchester City. What are the people who run the
tourist industry in Manchester thinking about? Worldwide Tourist Apologise,
Andrew It was with great interest and agreement that I read Andrew Grimes
article (M.E.N, Friday, January 14) about Manchester being on the tourist map
for far more than the last 20 years. However, the whole well- penned piece was
soured with Mr Grimes' cheap shot at the sad passing of Anthony H Wilson. Mr
Grimes, apologise to the Wilson family. Michael Gallagher, Stockport Helping
veterans Following the overwhelming popularity of our Heroes Return 2 funding
programme, I am delighted to announce the Big Lottery Fund has extended its
scheme for a further year, enabling even more Second World War veterans in
Manchester to return to the places where they fought. Originally the grants
scheme was scheduled to close this month but BIG has decided to extend it to
ensure as many veterans as possible can take advantage of the funding. This
extension of the scheme will be a big help to those who have felt so far unable
to make their personal journeys back to the battlefronts of the Second World
War. It is clear how valuable these journeys are in helping veterans come to
terms with the traumatic experiences they remember and to honour the comrades
lost almost 70 years ago. To date, more than 50,000 individual journeys have
been made through Heroes Return 2 and its fore-runner grants scheme to former
battlefronts such as Italy, France, Greece, Holland, Germany and the Far East as
well as to attend commemorative events within the UK. The Lottery grants are
available for travel and accommodation costs for veterans or their widows, along
with spouses and a carer, and I urge any veterans yet to be awarded a grant from
the scheme to get in touch. Details about the scheme and how to apply are
available by calling 0845 00 00 121 or visiting
biglotteryfund.org.uk/heroesreturn Anna Southall, interim chair of the Big
Lottery Fund Depot's good work AFTER reading in the news that government
officials need to get in touch with local councils re rubbish collection, I
suggest they visit Manchester council's Sharston depot. As a Wythenshawe
resident we were due to have our bins emptied on the bank holiday on both weeks,
and they duly obliged. Not just household rubbish but the recycling bins were
emptied on the due days. So, if one council can do it others should be able to.
May I add we also have a very good operational services if we have bulky items
it just takes one phone call and they duly oblige. So, if you see rubbish about
Wythenshawe blame the residents, not the council. Keep up the good work Sharston
depot. Satisfied Resident, Wythenshawe Bins mystery In all areas of Trafford,
households face penalties for over-filling their wheelie bins and fly tipping,
yet in Old Trafford I believe gangs of councilÂ workers have been regularly sent
out to reduce the overfilling of bins and to clear fly-tipped rubbish within the
gated entry areas. Anywhere else within the borough, residents have toÂ pay to
get large items removed not in Old Trafford, where it's dumped outside the back
gates. Â  Ratepayer, Trafford Borough   Dear Sir, Following the overwhelming
popularity of our Heroes Return 2 funding programme, I am delighted to announce
the Big Lottery Fund has extended its scheme for a further year, enabling even
more Second World War veterans in Manchester to return to the places where they
fought. Originally the grants scheme was scheduled to close this month but BIG
has decided to extend it to ensure as many veterans as possible can take
advantage of the funding. This extension of the scheme will be a big help to
those who have felt so far unable to make their personal journeys back to the
battlefronts of WWII. It is clear how valuable these journeys are in helping
veterans come to terms with the traumatic experiences they remember and to
honour the comrades lost almost 70 years ago. To date over 50,000 individual
journeys have been made through Heroes Return 2 and its fore-runner grants
scheme to former battle-fronts such as Italy, France, Greece, Holland, Germany
and the Far East as well as to attend commemorative events within the UK. The
Lottery grants are available for travel and accommodation costs for veterans or
their widows, along with spouses and a carer, and I urge any veterans yet to be
awarded a grant from the scheme to get in touch Details about the scheme and how
to apply are available by calling 0845 00 00 121 or visiting
www.biglotteryfund.org.uk/heroesreturn Anna Southall Interim Chair of the Big
Lottery Fund ++++++++FAXED COPY AFTER several days of seeing on TV and reading
in the news that government officials need to get in touch with local councils
re. rubbish collection. I suggest they visit Manchester local council (Sharston
Depot). As a Wythenshawe resident we were due to have our bins emptied on the
bank holiday on both weeks, and they duly obliged. Not just household rubbish
but the recycling bin were emptied on the due days. So if once council can do it
others should be able to. May I add we also have a very good operational
services - if we have bulky items it just takes one phone call and they duly
oblige. So if you see rubbish about Wythenshawe blame the residents, not the
council. Keep up the good work Sharston Depot. Satisfied Resident, Wythenshawe
++++++ In all areas of Trafford, households face penalties for over filling
their wheelie bins and fly tipping, yet in Old Trafford gangs of councilÂ
workers have been regulary Â sent out to reduce the overfilling of bins and to
clear fly tipped rubbish within the gated entry areas, obviously dumped their by
residents, with no risk of fines for doing so. Anywhere else within the Borough
residents have toÂ pay to get large items i.e. fridges, old suites of furniture
removed, not in Old Trafford where its dumped outside the back gates, this an
area that also undergoes a total refurbishment every ten years, with no cost to
the people that live there, what is so special about that place that so much
rate payers money is lavished on it?Â  Â  Rate payer, Trafford Borough. +++++++
It was with great interest and agreement that I read Andrew grimes article about
Manchester being on the tourist map for far more than the last twenty
years,however the whole well penned piece was soured with Mr Grimes cheap shot
at the sad passing of Antony H Wilson .No matter what opinion and frustrations
Mr Grimes had towards Mr Wilson you should not write so disrespectful of the
dead who are unable to challenge such remarks.Mr Grimes be a man and apologise
to the Wilson family. Michael Gallagher 11 Frewland Avenue Davenport Stockport
SK3 8TZ 07759249972 ++++++

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TOURISM DRAW Worldwide Tourist' says the Museum of Science and Industry
is a reason to visit Manchester, with the forthcoming National Football Museum
another

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            August 19, 2010 Thursday

2 men plead guilty in scheme to defraud energy co.

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 160 words


BILLINGS, Mont. (AP) - Two men accused of using a fake billing scheme to steal
hundreds of thousands of dollars from a Texas-based energy company have pleaded
guilty to mail fraud.

Douglas Pierce of Sidney and Ricky Wolla of Minot, N.D., appeared in federal
court Tuesday. They will be sentenced Nov. 18 and Dec. 1, respectively.

The men were accused of making deals with local businesses in Sidney and
Williston, N.D., to create false invoices for goods and services that were never
provided to Basic Energy, based in Midland, Texas. Prosecutors say the scheme
ran from August 2005 through December 2008.

They say the 47-year-old Pierce, who was Basic's area manager in Sidney,
acknowledged receiving $278,000 in embezzled items. Meanwhile, the 49-year-old
Wolla, who was the company's regional vice president in Casper, Wyo., was
accused of receiving about $165,000 worth of embezzled goods. Wolla disputed the
amount.

The two are among six indicted in the scheme.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            March 26, 2005 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

SCHEME BROUGHT IN MORE MONEY, RESEARCHER SAYS

BYLINE: By Bret Bell Morris News Service

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 544 words

DATELINE: SAVANNAH, GA.


New federal documents claim Savannah resident Randy Treadwell's alleged Ponzi
scheme was far more lucrative than even U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
officials first thought.

A report filed Monday in U.S. District Court in San Diego says Mr. Treadwell's
company, Learn Waterhouse Inc., brought in $56.5 million from 1,900 investors
between January 2003 and October 2004.

That's more than twice the dollar amount the SEC alleged in its October lawsuit
filed against Mr. Treadwell, fellow Savannahian Larry Saturday and two other
company principals.

"It appears that the scope of the fraudulent Ponzi scheme may be much greater
than previously believed," wrote Thomas Lennon, the court-appointed receiver
charged with getting to the bottom of the company's assets.

The SEC claims Mr. Treadwell was the ringleader of an elaborate scheme that used
new investor money to pay old investor dividends.

If true, that's a violation of federal securities laws.

Mr. Treadwell and Mr. Saturday say lender money was actually invested in a wide
array of companies and ventures.

However, Mr. Lennon's 70-page report reveals that some of those investments
appear less than legitimate.

The report concluded that Learn Waterhouse invested:

$1.7 million in First Mortgage Banking, money that was used to renovate the
company's office building and build a 6,500-square-foot house for Learn
Waterhouse attorney Arnulfo Acosta. About $500,000 of that money was supposedly
invested in a Mexican mining operation that doesn't appear to exist.

Millions of dollars in at least seven companies Mr. Lennon could find no
existence of. Several phone numbers provided by Mr. Treadwell were either wrong
or disconnected.

Thousands of dollars for Jackson-ville Jaguars season tickets and an executive
suite at the team's home, ALLTEL Stadium, through the 2009 season.

$435,000 in the Performing Arts Academy of Savannah, a Montgomery Crossroad
business that appears to be run by Mr. Treadwell's wife.

Mr. Lennon did find evidence of legitimate investments, including $378,000
invested in an Arizona gravel mining operation and $618,000 invested in a
company called Protech Labs, which is preparing to unveil a new food supplement.

But in all, he found Learn Waterhouse invested only 6 percent of the $56.5
million entrusted to the company. He could identify only $100,000 in returns on
investments.

The SEC claims the company found investors, including at least 20 in the
Savannah area, using a team of 80 to 100 associates who scoured seminars,
churches and informal friend-and-family networks.

"Potential investors were provided little or no paperwork," Mr. Lennon wrote.
"Trust, faith and religion were apparently emphasized to promote people to
invest in Learn Waterhouse."

Mr. Lennon concludes that $38.7 million in investor funds were paid back to
investors, dividends accessed at monthly intervals through special cash cards
that could be used at ATMs.

The setup gave the illusion of legitimate high-yield returns, the SEC alleges,
attracting even more investors.

Meanwhile, Mr. Lennon alleges, Mr. Treadwell funneled off at least $2.8 million
for personal use during the 22-month period. Company lawyer Arnulfo Acosta
allegedly took $5.4 million.

Millions of dollars, however, are still unaccounted for.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 20, 1995, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Creditors in a Big Ponzi Scheme Say They've Been Taken Again

BYLINE: By DIANA B. HENRIQUES

SECTION: Section D;  Page 1;  Column 4;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1425 words


Thousands of creditors of the Towers Financial Corporation, who lost hundreds of
millions of dollars in what regulators have called the largest Ponzi scheme
ever, are saying they have been taken again. And, they contend, it happened
right under the noses of a battalion of high-priced lawyers and financial
advisers hired to help the creditors recover their money.

The new fraud was masterminded by John Hall, a Los Angeles businessman whose
record includes a criminal conviction and regulatory problems, according to a
lawsuit filed two weeks ago in Federal District Court in Manhattan. The suit and
regulatory documents show that Mr. Hall, who variously uses Thomas and Carlisle
as his middle name, reached a settlement in 1992 with securities regulators who
accused him of looting a small money-market fund. He also entered a 1987
settlement with bank regulators who accused him of abusing his position at a
failed California bank and was convicted in 1978 of lying to obtain a Government
loan.

Until he was dismissed a few weeks ago, Mr. Hall was the chief executive of
Qualis Care. Qualis is a joint venture formed in March 1994 from the remains of
Towers, a health-care financing and bill-collection company that filed for
bankruptcy in March 1993 after its founder, Steven Hoffenberg, was confronted
with criminal and civil fraud charges. Mr. Hoffenberg pleaded guilty in April to
fraud and obstruction of justice; he is awaiting sentencing in that case.

The Qualis plan was to take the healthy remnants of Towers -- about $20 million
in cash and accounts receivable with a face value of $20 million -- and combine
it with a $5 million cash infusion from Mr. Hall's company, then known as CFH
Healthcare Finance Inc. Mr. Hall was also to contribute the management skills
needed to build the business. The hope was that this would allow the 6,000 or so
Towers creditors to ultimately collect more cash than they would get from a
simple liquidation of the business.

What actually happened, the lawsuit asserts, was that Mr. Hall siphoned almost
$21 million in cash from the joint venture, by arranging for it to pay wildly
inflated prices for worthless or nearly worthless assets sold to it by entities
linked to Mr. Hall. The joint venture even wound up paying $10.75 million for a
portfolio of uncollected bills that it already owned, the suit charges.

Robert Forgnone of Los Angeles, the lawyer representing Mr. Hall, said he had
advised his client not to comment on the allegations because "I understand that
the United States Attorney's Office in New York has the matter under
examination, and we need to defer to criminal counsel at this time." Mr. Hall's
criminal lawyer, Robert Morvillo of New York, did not return numerous calls to
his office.

The lawsuit's allegations of fraud have also prompted a civil inquiry by the
Securities and Exchange Commission. And the suit has provoked an orgy of
finger-pointing as lawyers, regulators and Federal prosecutors try to answer the
inescapable question: How was Mr. Hall, with his red-flagged background, able to
cut the deal for the Towers assets in the first place?

"There was systemic breakdown in this case," said Wilbur L. Ross Jr., the senior
managing director of Rothschild Inc., the investment banking firm, who was the
financial adviser to the Towers creditors' committee. "It is a shocking outcome
-- an astonishing and extraordinarily unfortunate outcome. The creditors were
defrauded by Hoffenberg and now the savior brought in by the court-appointed
trustee, if these allegations are true, has robbed them again."

But Mr. Ross said he was not able to do the normal background checks on Mr. Hall
during the review of proposals from a number of companies interested in forming
the joint venture. That could not be done, he said, because the court-appointed
trustee, Alan Cohen, presented Mr. Hall's company as a "pre-cleared" candidate.
Court records show that Mr. Cohen spoke glowingly of Mr. Hall's company and
strongly endorsed its proposal. When the other contenders dropped out during
protracted negotiations over terms for the deal, Mr. Ross said, "we had no
choice but to support him."

Mr. Cohen did not return numerous messages left since Monday with secretaries at
his offices in Manhattan and in Tenafly, N.J. The lawyer who represented him
during the Towers bankruptcy, Terrence Corrigan of Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver
& Jacobson, did not return more than a half-dozen calls made to his Manhattan
office this week.

Most of the creditors were represented in the Towers bankruptcy by the firm of
Winthrop, Stimson, Putnam & Roberts. John Pritchard, a member of the firm, said
Winthrop, Stimson was in no way involved in the current litigation. "We were as
surprised and shocked as everyone else to learn what we've learned about John
Hall," Mr. Pritchard said. Asked what his firm had done to check Mr. Hall's
background during the negotiations, he said, "I don't think it is appropriate
for us to be commenting on what was done."

Other lawyers working for the creditors said privately that they had taken
comfort from the fact that Mr. Hall at one time had a relationship with Thomas
J. Barrack Jr. and William L. Rogers, both principals of the well-respected
Colony Capital Inc., a Los Angeles real estate investment firm.

But Mr. Barrack, reached on vacation off the coast of Corsica, said neither he
nor Mr. Rogers had ever invested a cent in Mr. Hall's business and, although
they knew Mr. Hall socially, they had no idea of his past regulatory problems
when Mr. Hall approached them with an invitation to work together on the Towers
project. Moreover, he said, he and Mr. Rogers had severed their ties with Mr.
Hall before his company's proposal was approved by Judge Prudence Abram of the
Federal Bankruptcy Court at a hearing on Feb. 2, 1994. And, he said, they made
sure that everyone involved in the negotiations knew it.

In any case, when the proposal from Mr. Hall's company was presented to Judge
Abram it had the backing of Mr. Cohen, Mr. Ross and the three law firms
representing the creditors.

The only objections came from lawyers with the S.E.C., who complained that they
had not had time to check the company's background. They also expressed concern
about the large amount of cash Towers was contributing to the joint venture.
Judge Abram nevertheless approved the proposal.

The lawsuit filed against Mr. Hall by the Towers creditors charges that Mr.
Hall's background included a host of red flags:

*In 1978, Mr. Hall was convicted in California of criminal charges of lying to
obtain a Small Business Administration loan.

*In 1987, he paid a $100,000 civil penalty to the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation to settle a 1985 dispute involving his role at the First City Bank
in Glendale, Calif., which failed after entering into numerous transactions that
the Government said benefited Mr. Hall at the bank's expense.

*In 1992, he settled an S.E.C. civil case accusing him of misappropriating $2.1
million from a small money-market fund, Treasury First Inc. The fund sued Mr.
Hall in 1993, accusing him of wrongfully transferring funds to illegal accounts.
That case is pending.

Mr. Forgnone, Mr. Hall's lawyer, confirmed that his client was the individual
involved in each of these cited cases, but he said he did not necessarily agree
with the "spin" the lawsuit had put on the significance of the cases.

The lawsuit accuses Mr. Hall of siphoning $20.75 million out of the joint
venture through three disputed transactions.

According to the allegations, two of those transactions involved Terren S.
Peizer, a former Drexel Burnham Lambert executive. The lawsuit asserts that Mr.
Peizer helped Mr. Hall sell to the joint venture one block of totally worthless
securities for $5 million and a second block of almost worthless securities for
another $5 million. The suit charges that Mr. Hall was the ultimate beneficiary
of those purchases.

Peter Calamari, Mr. Peizer's lawyer, said the lawsuit contained "serious
significant factual inaccuracies" respecting his client and his dealings with
Mr. Hall. "This all comes as a complete surprise to him," Mr. Calamari said.

The lawsuit also asserts that another $10.75 million was wired to a Spanish
bank, on Mr. Hall's orders, in payment for a portfolio of accounts receivable
that Qualis actually already owned.

As for the $5 million Mr. Hall's company was supposed to contribute to the
venture, it was withdrawn the same day it was deposited, the lawsuit charged.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           January 17, 2008 Thursday

New coordinator big on technique, not scheme

BYLINE: By Chick Ludwig Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 629 words


CINCINNATI - For the Bengals' 27th-ranked defense, the long road back to
respectability begins with discipline.

"You have to coach tough to be tough," new defensive coordinator Mike Zimmer
said on Wednesday. "You have to have that mentality that this is the line in the
sand, and we're not letting the guys cross it.

"I'm big on technique. I want to make sure guys do the things we're asking them
to do - have their hands in the right place and their feet in the right place -
do it right and play hard all the time."

Discovery period

Zimmer will spend the next several weeks immersed in film study and player
evaluation.

"I know they've got some good, young players on the back end (secondary) and
quite a few linebackers," he said.

"Everything's an open slate. Let's start and go from what I see on the field,
see how they are professionally, how they are as far as their passion for the
game, and how bad they want to win."

Talking about schemes

Zimmer knows the 4-3 defense well, but he ran the 3-4 scheme in Dallas under
Bill Parcells from 2003-06 before moving to Atlanta for one season.

"I've always said this: 'You've got 11 guys. Put 'em out there,' " Zimmer said.
"The scheme really doesn't matter. It's how the players fit and play within the
scheme.

"If the best thing for us is to play two down linemen and nine DBs, it doesn't
matter to me. We'll just figure out what's best with the personnel we have and
the best way we can do it, and we'll go about it."

'A good fit'

Zimmer's friendship with head coach Marvin Lewis dates to the early 1980s when
both were college assistants - Lewis at Idaho State and Zimmer at Weber State.

"My first year as a coordinator in Dallas (2000), we didn't play the run very
good," Zimmer said. "So I visited Marvin in Baltimore - our philosophies were
very similar - and then we became pretty good against the run after that.

"It's a good fit for me because I think I can help this franchise. If we can get
the guys to do what we ask them to do, we'll be OK. I know this is a tough
division. It'll be a tough test, but that's why we're here."

Dallas parallel

Zimmer spent 13 years with Dallas (1994-2006), the final seven as coordinator.
His 2003 defense led the NFL at 253.5 yards allowed per game. That's his goal
for the Bengals.

"We'll keep trying to build them up about what we expect and how we can change
the culture and fix this or fix that," he said. "It was very much like that
after my first year in Dallas. Everybody was saying how terrible we were on
defense. From that point on, we were pretty good. Hopefully, I can take the same
approach we did that year.

"It taught me that if you can get all the guys playing on the same page, doing
things right, and they care about winning and care about doing what you want
them to do, then you've got a chance to be pretty good."

Getting it right

Zimmer becomes the third defensive coordinator in six seasons for Cincinnati
after Leslie Frazier (2003-04) and Chuck Bresnahan (2005-07).

"I haven't gotten this right once before," head coach Marvin Lewis said. "Leslie
is a fine coach. The way I envisioned things unfolding, they just didn't unfold
that way. That was no fault of Leslie's. It was my fault. Now I'm doing this
again.

"It was obvious we needed to make a change. We needed to have fresh life, new
life."

Added Zimmer: "Hopefully, (Lewis) gets it right this time."

Bottom line

"You've got to have players, but they have to be wellcoached," Zimmer said. "In
my opinion, all of the good players want to be coached. They want discipline.
They want all those things that make them better players.

"If they respect your knowledge of the game and what you can help them with,
then they'll go full speed and all the way for you."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2253 or cludwig@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bengals head coach Marvin Lewis (left) introduces new defensive
coordinator Mike Zimmer on Wednesday. Zimmer said his defensive scheme is not
set yet: "If the best thing for us is to play two down linemen and nine DBs, it
doesn't matter to me." Associated Press photo by Al Behrman

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                          September 10, 2005 Saturday

4 accused in Ponzi scheme on First Coast indicted in California

BYLINE: TIMOTHY J. GIBBONS

SECTION: Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 366 words


Four men accused of conducting a Ponzi scheme that defrauded about 400 First
Coast investors of more than $15 million were indicted in California on Thursday
on charges of wire fraud and conspiracy.

Randall Treadwell, Arnulfo Acosta, Ricky Sluder and Larry Saturday were charged
with four counts each of wire fraud and a count of conspiracy by using several
companies, including one named Learn Waterhouse Inc., to bilk investors out of
more than $50 million, the indictment said.

The money was supposed to go into high-yield trading programs and venture
capital funds, according to the indictment, but instead the four men used money
from later investors to make payments to earlier investors. Such a scam is known
as a pyramid scheme or Ponzi scheme, after Charles Ponzi, a flim-flam man who at
one time lived in Jacksonville and made them infamous.

Many of the investors were recruited through local churches, including East
Pointe Baptist Church on the Southside and Gospel Lighthouse Church on the
Westside. Treadwell's father, Dean, is pastor of Gospel Lighthouse.

The criminal charges against the four men come on the heels of an investigation
by the Securities and Exchange Commission that led the federal agency to freeze
the men's assets in 2004 and file a civil complaint in U.S. District Court.

Treadwell's attorney, Joel Androphy of Houston, said his client "is currently
vigorously fighting the civil case and will continue to do so in the criminal
case."

SEC cases are typically designed to provide civil relief, including getting
investors some of their money back. "We've been moving forward, and we're
hopeful that we'll be at end of the road in next six months," said Nels
Mitchell, assistant regional director of the SEC's Pacific regional office.

The criminal indictments, on the other hand, carry penalties of up to a $250,000
fine for each of the charges as well as up to 20 years in prison for each of the
wire fraud charges and up to five years in prison for the conspiracy charge.

The four men are expected to turn themselves over to authorities next week, said
Assistant U.S. Attorney William P. Cole. A trial date has not been set.

timothy.gibbons@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4103

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 The Florida Times-Union


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 7, 1997, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. Contends Billing Fraud At Columbia Was 'Systemic'

BYLINE: By KURT EICHENWALD

SECTION: Section D; Page 1; Column 5; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 938 words


Government investigators have obtained evidence that the Columbia/HCA Healthcare
Corporation engaged in "a systemic corporate scheme perpetrated" by its
executives and managers in at least four states, according to an affidavit by
the senior agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigation who is involved in the
case.

The affidavit, filed July 7 in support of the Government's efforts to obtain
warrants to raid Columbia hospitals and offices, for the first time implicates
managers at many levels of the Columbia system, including the company's
headquarters in Nashville, as participants in a complex scheme to defraud the
Government.

The document, which was partly unsealed yesterday in an related criminal
proceeding, says that the scheme involved hospitals, home health agencies and
other medical facilities in Tennessee, Florida, Georgia and Texas as well as in
other locations it did not name.

According to the affidavit, witnesses have told the Government that some senior
executives in Nashville were aware of elements of a fraud involving the
reporting of hospital costs to Federal health programs like Medicare. It says
that unnamed executives from the company's headquarters were involved in a
scheme to defraud $800,000 from the Government. And one witness told
investigators that it was company policy to shift costs illegally from hospitals
to home health care agencies to inflate Government reimbursement.

The affidavit also details instances where Columbia and its executives tried to
keep elements of the scheme hidden from the Government. For example, it says
that company lawyers, to protect Columbia, rejected the advice of independent
lawyers that the company inform the Government of certain findings from internal
audits. Documents that were not reviewed by lawyers were routinely stamped as
"confidential" under the lawyer/client privilege, which would prevent their
disclosure to the Government. And one internal auditor who wrote reports
critical of Columbia's practices was told to soften the language and remove any
reference to the word "fraud," the affidavit says.

In one instance, a witness told investigators that an executive at Fawcett
Memorial Hospital in Port Charlotte, Fla., suggested that Columbia offer a job
to an outside auditor who was reviewing the hospital's cost reports. Three
executives involved in the preparation of the cost reports have been indicted on
fraud charges in the overstating of certain expenses in Government reports.

In addition, the affidavit describes a variety of illegal schemes involving cost
reporting that the Government believes took place at several Columbia hospitals
in Florida, including an effort to increase revenue from outpatient services by
misrepresenting the amount patients paid to be treated.

Victor Campbell, a senior vice president at Columbia, said that the company had
not yet reviewed the affidavit and could not comment on it. But he said the
document was filed several weeks before Columbia named a new top management team
that, he said, had taken steps to work cooperatively with the government.

The 74-page affidavit, by Joseph L. Ford, a special agent with the F.B.I., was
partly unsealed in criminal proceedings involving accusations of cost reporting
fraud at Fawcett Memorial. While the parts that have been unsealed contain
numerous accusations of fraud at Columbia, about 28 pages of information remain
under seal.

The document says that the Government has the cooperation of several witnesses
who have worked for Columbia. Because of parts that remain under seal, it is
impossible to say how many witnesses the affidavit identifies, but at least five
are mentioned in the unsealed material.

The cooperating witnesses mentioned include a former reimbursement manager with
Columbia, a current consultant who helps the company prepare cost reports, and a
former Columbia employee who was responsible for supervising the preparation of
cost reports for Columbia's hospitals and other medical facilities in Fort Myers
and Tampa.

According to the affidavit, the Government's investigation based in Florida
began in the fall of 1996 and has two prime focuses: allegations of fraud in
Columbia's cost reporting and billing practices. As examples of billing fraud,
the affidavit cites instances in which blood tests were billed for that were
never ordered or not medically needed.

The affidavit describes senior officers as being closely involved in the
company's cost reporting system. According to the document, Columbia kept second
sets of cost reports that at times identified expenses not reimbursable under
the law.

According to the affidavit, questions about the claim in Fawcett's cost reports
that has since resulted in the fraud indictment were sent "up the ladder" to
senior officials in Nashville. One witness told the Government that most
management officials knew about the issue, including Sam Greco, then Columbia's
senior vice president of operations. Mr. Greco, who resigned from the company in
August, could not be reached for comment.

In at least one instance, the affidavit says, Nashville executives were involved
in creating expenses for one hospital that were in fact never incurred. A
witness told the Government that Nashville officials transferred about $800,000
as an interest expense to Gulf Coast Medical Center in Panama City, Fla.

"This was an inappropriate transfer because although the $800,000 did not relate
to Gulf Coast," it was recorded as a construction expense, the affidavit says.
The witness told investigators that "this was a fictitious expense."

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Micron Technology, Inc (IDAHO) on May 20 titled as "Access
line dependent biasing schemes"

LENGTH: 219  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,730,734 on
May 20, 2014, to Micron Technology, Inc (IDAHO), titled as "Access line
dependent biasing schemes"

Inventors:  Nguyen; Dzung H. (Fremont, CA)
Assignee:  Micron Technology, Inc. (Boise, ID)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present disclosure includes methods, devices, and systems for access line
biasing. One embodiment includes selecting, using a controller external to the
memory device, a particular access line dependent biasing scheme and
corresponding bias conditions for use in performing an access operation on an
array of memory cells of the memory device, and performing the access operation
using the selected particular access line dependent biasing scheme and
corresponding bias conditions. In one or more embodiments, the selected
particular access line dependent biasing scheme and corresponding bias
conditions is selected by the controller external to the memory device based, at
least partially, on a target access line of the array."

The patent was filed on January 21, 2013 Application no. 13/746,114

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          December 5, 2012, Wednesday

N.Y. trader charged with $1-billion Apple scheme

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2C

LENGTH: 372 words


NEW HAVEN, Conn. - A trader from New York has been charged in a scheme that
involved the unauthorized purchase of about $1 billion of Apple stock that wound
up costing his Connecticut-based employer $5 million, federal prosecutors said
Tuesday.

David Miller, while employed as an institutional sales trader for Rochdale
Securities LLC in Stamford, executed a trade to buy 1.6 million shares of Apple
Inc. stock in October on a day the company was scheduled to announce earnings,
prosecutors said. The scheme was designed so Miller would profit if the stock
price rose, but it declined, they said.

A Rochdale customer stated it had ordered only 1,625 shares of Apple, the
Cupertino, Calif.-based maker of iPods, iPhones and iPads. Miller falsely
claimed that he had made a mistake in ordering many multiples of what was
written in a client's order, authorities said.

In telling Rochdale that he was simply executing a customer order, Miller
misrepresented that the customer was at risk of loss if the trade proved
unprofitable when he knew that it was Rochdale that would bear the risk of loss,
prosecutors said.

As a result of the scheme, Rochdale was left holding more than 1.6 million
shares of Apple stock, authorities said. It promptly traded out of the position
but suffered losses of about $5 million.

Miller was charged with wire fraud. His attorney, Kenneth C. Murphy, declined to
comment Tuesday.

Authorities say Miller, who lives in Rockville Centre, N.Y., just east of New
York City, duped another broker-dealer into taking on a significant short
position in Apple stock. Miller convinced the broker-dealer to sell 500,000
shares of Apple stock, falsely claiming that he was trading for the account of a
company with which he had no relationship and for which he was not authorized to
trade, prosecutors said.

Miller engaged in that part of the scheme to hedge against the large purchase of
Apple stock he was executing at Rochdale, prosecutors said. He placed the
broker-dealer at risk of sustaining substantial losses, they said.

Miller, 40, appeared Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Bridgeport. He didn't
enter a plea and was released on a $300,000 bond. He could face up to 20 years
in prison if convicted.

- the associated press

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  October 30, 1992, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

NINE ACCUSED OF FAKING AUTO CRASHES FOR CLAIMS

BYLINE: Tim Bryant Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 489 words


Two dozen rear-end accidents in the St. Louis area in the last five years
allegedly were more than fender-benders.  Nine people were indicted Thursday in
what federal authorities said was a scheme to cheat insurance companies out of
more than $175,000 by staging the car crashes.  Most of the staged wrecks
happened on busy thoroughfares, including Kingshighway, Interstate 44, Lindbergh
Boulevard, Manchester Road and Hampton Avenue.  The defendants would pull in
front of an unsuspecting victim's car and cause a rear-end crash by suddenly
slamming on the brakes, authorities said.  Defendants jacked up insurance claims
by faking injuries, such as whiplash, authorities said.  At first, some of the
defendants sought medical treatment. Tiring of that, the defendants took to
changing the dates on old medical claim forms and submitting them to insurance
companies, one investigator said. A dozen insurance companies were victimized,
the indictment said.  The defendants were charged with mail fraud and money
laundering.  U.S. Attorney Stephen B. Higgins said staging car crashes was a
time-proven scam. Although Southern California leads the nation in the crime,
the scheme alleged Thursday is the largest such case here, he said.  ''Across
the country, we are seeing an alarming rise in the number of accidents staged by
people out to bilk insurance companies,'' Higgins said.  ''In every case, this
kind of fraud affects us all - in the form of higher premiums.'' Authorities
said the scheme worked like this: Using one of five or six cars available,
defendants cruised busy streets looking for a nice car that appeared to be
insured. The defendants would pull in front of the victim's car and suddenly
slam on the brakes.  Defendants involved in the crashes coached one another on
how to act after the staged wrecks and how to make false medical claims,
authorities said.  Some defendants also turned in false wage-loss claims to
insurance companies.  One staged crash in January 1990 resulted in an insurance
payment of nearly $38,000, the indictment said.  Tabbed as the scheme's
ringleader was Dennis Hoffman, 37, formerly of St.  Louis. One investigator said
Hoffman was in an Indiana state prison for a crime unrelated to the scheme here.
FBI agents arrested one defendant, Thomas Deak Jr., 35, at his car-repair shop
in Imperial. He was held on $50,000 bond. Another defendant, Deborah Neal, 47,
of Fenton was in a Missouri prison in an unrelated case.  The remaining
defendants were expected to surrender to authorities next week. They are Sharon
Hodges, 31, of Shrewsbury; Stana Lowry, 27, of the 1500 block of Brock Street in
St. Louis; Edgar Burroughs, 41, of Arnold; Sergei Richardson, 31, formerly of
the 2800 block of South Jefferson Avenue, now living in Los Angeles; Connie
Townsend, 34, of the 2800 block of South Jefferson; and Christopher Babbs,
formerly of Imperial, now living in Louisiana.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            November 28, 2016 Monday

Sun Patent Trust (New York) applies for US Patent titled as "HOME AGENT
DISCOVERY UPON CHANGING THE MOBILITY MANAGEMENT SCHEME"

LENGTH: 238 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160345159 for US Patent, published on November 24, 2016, by
Sun Patent Trust (New York), titled as "HOME AGENT DISCOVERY UPON CHANGING THE
MOBILITY MANAGEMENT SCHEME"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Weniger; Kilian; (Langen, DE) ; Aramaki; Takashi; (Osaka, JP) ;
Hirano; Jun; (Osaka, JP) ; Bachmann; Jens; (Langen, DE) ; Ikeda; Shinkichi;
(Osaka, JP)

Applicant: Sun Patent Trust   New York   NY (New York)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
invention relates to a method for discovering a home agent serving a mobile node
upon the mobile node changing its mobility management scheme in a
packet-switched network and the implementation of such method in a mobile node
or home agent. In order to propose a home agent discover scheme that maintains
session continuity in a seamless manner upon a mobile node changing its mobility
management scheme, a mobile node comprises information on its location prior to
changing the mobility management scheme to one of the first signaling messages
transmitted upon changing the mobility management scheme (home agent discovery
message). The receiving node uses this information to identify the home agent
serving the mobile node or to provide a hint to the home agent where the mobile
node is registered in a response message to the mobile node."


LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2014 Friday

Washington: Florida Resident Sentenced in Connection with Fraudulent
International Lottery Scheme

LENGTH: 593  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

Angela Althea Peart was sentenced in connection with her role in a fraudulent
international lottery scheme that targeted U.S. citizens, the Justice Department
announced today. Peart was sentenced by U.S. District Court Judge K. Michael
Moore for the Southern District of Florida in Miami to serve 33 months in prison
and 5 years supervised release. A hearing on restitution has been scheduled for
June 5, 2014.

Peart's prosecution is part of the Department of Justice's effort, working with
federal and local law enforcement, to combat international lottery fraud schemes
preying on American citizens. According to the U.S. Postal Inspection Service,
Americans have lost tens of millions of dollars to fraudulent foreign lotteries.


"International lottery fraud aimed at stealing from elderly victims cannot, and
will not, be tolerated by the Department of Justice," said Assistant Attorney
General for the Justice Department's Civil Division Stuart F. Delery. "We will
seek to hold accountable those who participate in illegal lottery schemes,
including those in the U.S. who facilitate schemes directed from abroad."


"As international fraudsters focus their criminal schemes on Americans, we will
do all we can to prosecute and deter such criminal activity," said U.S. Attorney
for the Southern District of Florida Wifredo A. Ferrer. "N ow more than ever,
the public needs to be mindful of these schemes to avoid falling prey to them.
So long as criminals continue to line their pockets with the money of our
nation's seniors, we will be there to prosecute them and bring them to justice."


A federal grand jury in Miami returned an indictment against Peart and
co-conspirator Charmaine Anne King on Oct. 31, 2013. Judge Moore adopted a
report and recommendation accepting Peart's guilty plea on Feb. 4, 2014.
Co-defendant King was convicted by a federal jury in Miami on Feb. 5, 2014, of
one count of conspiracy, three counts of mail fraud and two counts of wire
fraud. King's sentencing is scheduled for April 17, 2014.


As part of her guilty plea, Peart admitted that beginning in or around March
2012 and continuing through, in or around November 2013, she was a member of a
conspiracy to fraudulently enrich herself by keeping victims' money for her own
benefit without paying any lottery winnings. Peart acknowledged that a
co-conspirator, believed to be located in Canada, mailed letters to elderly
victims in the United States falsely informing the victims that they had won
more than a million dollars in a lottery. These letters purported to be from an
actual sweepstakes company in the United States.


Peart also admitted that as part of the conspiracy, victims were told that they
must make a payment of several thousand dollars in order to collect their
purported lottery winnings. The victims were told to send their payments to
Peart and others. Peart acknowledged that she received victims' funds, kept 10
percent of the money received from victims and then sent the rest to another
member of the conspiracy. Victims never received any lottery winnings.

Assistant Attorney General Delery commended the investigative efforts of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, Homeland Security Investigations and the U.S.
Marshals Service. The case is being prosecuted by Assistant Director Jeffrey
Steger and Trial Attorney Kathryn Drenning with the Department of Justice's
Civil Division, Consumer Protection Branch.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             June 2, 2012 Saturday

Kaplan says he's actually a victim

BYLINE: MICHAEL POLLICK

SECTION: D; ARCHIVES; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 620 words

DATELINE: SARASOTA


FIRING BACK: Sarasota businessman files counterclaims in case

SARASOTA

Accused of check kiting in a civil lawsuit that, in turn, has sparked an ongoing
federal fraud inquiry, Sarasota real estate investor Marvin Kaplan is fighting
back.

Kaplan this week filed a lengthy set of counterclaims in the civil suit against
him and Smith Advertising & Associates, contending he is a victim of a Ponzi
scheme conspiracy.

Kaplan, who also once owned numerous Dunkin Donuts franchises, claims the scheme
was run by Smith's principals and a former Kaplan business associate,
hospitality operator Larry Starr.

Kaplan also alleges that the total amount invested -- and lost -- in the scheme
might total hundreds of millions of dollars.

Starr's attorney, too, said the amount of money involved and number of potential
victims appears to be broader in scope than previously believed.

A. Brian Albritton, of Tampa, denied that Starr was involved in the scheme,
however. He contends Starr is also a victim.

"This was a very sophisticated scheme, at least from our perspective as
victims," said Albritton. "We do not know the bottom of it yet or how broad it
is, but it does appear to go far beyond Sarasota and far beyond what is involved
here."

The scheme also involved Bridgeview Bank, an Illinois lender where Fayettville,
N.C.-based Smith had accounts, Kaplan said.

Additionally, Kaplan contends that Regions Bank, in accusing him of check kiting
in a civil suit filed earlier this year, defamed him in an effort to steer blame
away from the bank's own negligence.

He maintains the bank allowed funds from Smith to be wired out from his account
before checks were covered, per a sort of overdraft protection agreement with
Regions established prior to the check kiting allegations.

By leveling specific charges against each of these groups and individuals,
Kaplan effectively has added them as defendants.

Kaplan's lengthy narrative, filed Wednesday in Sarasota Circuit Court, also
provides a roadmap to possible testimony in any future criminal trial that may
result from the ongoing investigation by the U.S. Secret Service and the U.S.
Attorney's Office in Tampa.

Kaplan's Naples attorney, Jon Parrish, says Kaplan is not a target of
prosecutors and is a cooperating witness.

Albritton, Starr's attorney, said his client also lost money to Smith, which was
run by father-and-son team Gary and Todd Smith.

"Mr. Starr is a victim of the Smiths. He lost almost a million dollars from his
investment. He is cooperating with the government," Albritton said.

The U.S. Attorney's Office declined to comment on the investigation or even the
existence of a grand jury.

"In anything regarding the grand jury, period, we just can't comment," said
William Daniels, a spokesman for the office.

In addition to owning and managing hundreds of rental properties throughout the
region, Starr was a co-founder of Receivable Management Funding LLC, which was
set up in late 2009 to invest in highly leveraged Smith receivables.

"What makes this even more pernicious," said Albritton, "is that the Smiths
really were operating an advertising agency. They really did have clients. The
sophistication of it, the amount of paperwork put out by the Smiths,
unfortunately ensnared Mr. Starr and apparently a host of other people."

Neither Smith has been reachable for comment, and neither they nor the firm
appears to have an attorney to represent them.

In recent weeks, Smith and its principals also have been hit with default
judgments totaling $24 million -- both in the Regions Bank lawsuit and in
another lawsuit -- stemming from failing to appear in court in either lawsuit.

In the second civil suit, Receivable Management obtained a default judgment for
about $17 million.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marvin Kaplan blames Gary and Todd Smith, Larry Starr and Regions Bank
for accusations of check kiting.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Sunday Mail (SA)

                             March 16, 1997, Sunday

Banned scheme emerges in SA

BYLINE: CRAIG CLARKE

LENGTH: 223 words


A MULTI-level marketing scheme facing a $20 million lawsuit in the

US has emerged in Adelaide.

Consumer watchdogs have won an injunction in the Federal Court

preventing Destiny Telcomm International Inc from starting in

Australia.

However, Adelaide organisers have been promoting a meeting at

Tandanya, city.

The Office of Consumer and Business Affairs is aware of the scheme.

It involves consumers buying international, STD or mobile phonecards

for $100.

For each customer the person recruits to the scheme they receive a

commission.

The amount of commission increases according to the number of

customers introduced.

More than 14,000 Australians including many South Australians are

believed to have joined the scheme, which the Australian Competition

and Consumer Commission fears may breach the trade practices laws.

The US Department of Justice in North Carolina has taken action

against similar schemes promoted by Destiny Telecomm.

A warrant has been served on the US company and a $20 million lawsuit

has begun.

An Alameda County judge has frozen Destiny's assets and appointed an

outside receiver to oversee the firm's finances.

ACCC chairman, Professor Allan Fels, said he had been forced to take

action against Destiny after organisers failed to disclose details

about the scheme.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM

                   Copyright 1997 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Sunday Mail (SA)

                             March 16, 1997, Sunday

Banned scheme emerges in SA

BYLINE: CRAIG CLARKE

LENGTH: 223 words


A MULTI-level marketing scheme facing a $20 million lawsuit in the

US has emerged in Adelaide.

Consumer watchdogs have won an injunction in the Federal Court

preventing Destiny Telcomm International Inc from starting in

Australia.

However, Adelaide organisers have been promoting a meeting at

Tandanya, city.

The Office of Consumer and Business Affairs is aware of the scheme.

It involves consumers buying international, STD or mobile phonecards

for $100.

For each customer the person recruits to the scheme they receive a

commission.

The amount of commission increases according to the number of

customers introduced.

More than 14,000 Australians including many South Australians are

believed to have joined the scheme, which the Australian Competition

and Consumer Commission fears may breach the trade practices laws.

The US Department of Justice in North Carolina has taken action

against similar schemes promoted by Destiny Telecomm.

A warrant has been served on the US company and a $20 million lawsuit

has begun.

An Alameda County judge has frozen Destiny's assets and appointed an

outside receiver to oversee the firm's finances.

ACCC chairman, Professor Allan Fels, said he had been forced to take

action against Destiny after organisers failed to disclose details

about the scheme.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM

                   Copyright 1997 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           January 28, 2009 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Financier arrested in alleged $400M scam; Officials claim Cosmo operated Ponzi
scheme

BYLINE: Grant McCool, Reuters

SECTION: BUSINESS & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 263  words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Authorities have arrested the chief executive of a private New York financing
firm on suspicion of running a purported Ponzi scheme that attracted $400
million in investments.

Nicholas Cosmo, head of Agape World Inc. on New York's Long Island, claimed to
provide commercial bridge loans, but was instead operating a traditional "Ponzi
scheme" in which early investors are paid with the money of new clients,
officials said.

"Nicholas Cosmo ... complied with an arrest warrant (late Monday)," said a
spokesman for the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, which is investigating Agape
World and Mr. Cosmo along with the FBI.

The amount of money, while large, pales compared with the purported $50-billion
fraud masterminded by investment manager Bernard Madoff.

Law enforcement officials said they expect to uncover more Ponzi schemes
following the sharp decline of the U.S. financial industry.

"Some of the early investors made money, but as this scheme started to crumble,
the later investors did not see a penny," an official said.

Mr. Cosmo was convicted of a federal charge of felony fraud and swindle in 1999
and sentenced to 21 months in prison.

He was released in August 2000, according to the U.S. Bureau of Prisons.

Investors had been raising concerns about Mr. Agape long before the financial
crisis unearthed the recent rash of Ponzi schemes, seeking advice on Internet
investment chat boards.

"The pictures on their website would make you believe that they funded the San
Francisco Bay Bridge, the Taipei 101 Tower, and the Tower of Babylon, and the
Baghdad Railroad," reads one post.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Daniel Acker, Bloomberg News; Nicholas Cosmo, centre, president of
Agape World Inc., is escorted into custody in Hicksville, New York, late Monday.
Mr. Cosmo is being charged with one count of mail fraud in connection with an
alleged $400-million Ponzi scheme run through his company. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Florida Man Sentenced for $100 Million Surety Bond Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 659  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


United States Attorney's Office for the northern District of Georgia has issued
the following press release:

Eric Campbell has been sentenced to four years, nine months in prison for
operating a multi-million dollar surety bond fraud scheme which caused not only
financial losses, but also created delays in construction projects across the
country and compromised bids resulting in some contracts being awarded to
unqualified construction companies.

"This defendant lied to building contractors and government agencies about his
qualifications to issue surety bonds.  When his fraud was uncovered and a new
valid surety bond had to be found, the construction bidding process was
compromised for various projects across the country.  There were construction
delays, and the construction firms that unwittingly purchased fraudulent surety
bonds from the defendant lost hundreds of thousands of dollars in premiums they
had paid," said Acting U.S. Attorney John Horn.

J. Britt Johnson, Special Agent in Charge, FBI Atlanta Field Office, stated:
"The level of fraud seen in this case was costly in many ways to those doing
business with Mr. Campbell.  It is hoped that the sentencing of Mr. Campbell
will send a clear message to others that these types of criminal schemes to
defraud are destined to fail and those involved will be held accountable."

"Mr. Campbell orchestrated a scheme whereby he defrauded numerous individuals,
businesses, and state and local governments of money based on false
representations and promises" stated Veronica F. Hyman-Pillot, Special Agent in
Charge, IRS Criminal Investigation.  "Hopefully the sentence today will send a
message to other individuals like Campbell, that this conduct will not be
tolerated."

According to Acting U.S. Attorney Horn, the charges and other information
presented in court: From August 2012 until July 2013, Campbell used several
corporations to sell fraudulent surety bonds on construction projects.  Surety
bonds are three party bonding agreements in construction projects where a surety
company assures the project owner that a contractor will perform a construction
contract.  The federal government and many state and local governments require a
surety bond for certain construction contracts.

Campbell caused fraudulent surety bonds to be submitted to DeKalb County,
Georgia; McDonough, Georgia; the U.S. Veterans Administration; Palo Alto,
California; the Commonwealth of Kentucky; American Somoa; the Army Corps of
Engineers; Nogales, Arizona; and several United States military bases, among
others.

The defendant fraudulently held himself out to contractors and government
agencies as having the authority to execute or issue surety bonds on behalf of
Federal Insurance Company and Pacific Indemnity Company, affiliates of the Chubb
group.  To perpetuate the scheme, Campbell created fraudulent surety bonds,
embossed the bonds using a counterfeit seal and forged the signatures of Chubb
group officials.  Campbell and his associates issued bonds with a face value of
more than $100 million and received premium payments of more than $2.2 million
during the course of the fraud.  In addition to financial losses, Campbell's
fraud scheme caused delays in several construction projects and compromised the
construction bidding process because contracts were sometimes awarded to
unqualified construction companies.

Campbell, 57, of Orange Park, Florida,was sentenced by U.S. District Judge
Thomas W. Thrash, Jr., to four years, nine months in prison to be followed by
three years of supervised release, and ordered to pay restitution in the amount
of $1,904,376.67.  Campbell was been convicted on this charge on October 20,
2014, after he pleaded guilty.

This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            November 30, 2012 Friday

Two men behind fraud scheme get 25-year sentences

BYLINE: Vik Jolly Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 345 words

DATELINE: SANTA ANA



HIGHLIGHT: Hundreds of IDs were stolen and $8 million lost in crimes run from
inside of prisons.


  A U.S. District Court judge Wednesday sentenced to 25 years each in federal
prison two men who prosecutors say led one of the most sophisticated bank fraud
and identity theft schemes in Southern California from behind prison walls.

The scheme stole the identities of hundreds of people and targeted elderly and
other vulnerable victims, federal prosecutors say. For the approximate six-year
duration of the scheme ending in 2011, defendants conspired to cause at least $8
million in losses, with victims in Orange, Los Angeles and San Bernardino
counties, as well as in Arizona, Texas and Nevada, prosecutors said.

Angus Brown, 36, also known as "Homicide" and described in court papers as a
"career criminal and identity thief" with several prior convictions, was serving
time for identity theft when he participated in the scheme, a news release said.

Arman Sharopetrosian, also known as "Horse," 33, of Burbank and a member of the
Armenian Power criminal enterprise, was serving a 10-year sentence for shooting
at an occupied vehicle and carrying a concealed weapon when he committed the
federal fraud offense, the release said.

Brown pleaded guilty in December last year to conspiracy to commit bank fraud
conspiracy, bank fraud and 17 counts of aggravated identity theft.

Earlier this year, Sharopetrosian was found guilty of one count of bank fraud
conspiracy, four counts of bank fraud and seven counts of aggravated identify
fraud by U.S. District Court Judge David Carter, who sentenced him and Brown on
Wednesday.

"The court's sentence is a strong message to serial identity thieves and
fraudsters that their conduct will be met with stiff consequences," Assistant
U.S. Attorney Joseph McNally said.

According to a fraud indictment issued by a federal grand jury in Orange County,
members of Armenian Power worked with members of black street gangs and bribed
bank insiders to gather information allowing them to take over accounts in a
scheme that caused millions in losses, a news release from the U.S. Attorney's
Office said.



714-834-3773 or vjolly@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            November 30, 2012 Friday

Two men behind fraud scheme get 25-year sentences

BYLINE: Vik Jolly Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 344 words

DATELINE: SANTA ANA


A U.S. District Court judge Wednesday sentenced to 25 years each in federal
prison two men who prosecutors say led one of the most sophisticated bank fraud
and I.D. theft schemes in Southern California from behind prison walls.

The scheme stole the identities of hundreds of people and targeted elderly and
other vulnerable victims, federal prosecutors say. For the approximate six-year
duration of the scheme ending in 2011, defendants conspired to cause at least $8
million in losses, with victims in Orange, Los Angeles and San Bernardino
counties, as well as in Arizona, Texas and Nevada, prosecutors said.

Angus Brown, 36, also known as "Homicide" and described in court papers as a
"career criminal and identity thief" with several prior convictions, was serving
time for identity theft when he participated in the scheme, a news release said.

Arman Sharopetrosian, also known as "Horse," 33, of Burbank and a member of the
Armenian Power criminal enterprise, was serving a 10-year sentence for shooting
at an occupied vehicle and carrying a concealed weapon when he committed the
federal fraud offense, the release said.

Brown pleaded guilty in December last year to conspiracy to commit bank fraud
conspiracy, bank fraud and 17 counts of aggravated identity theft.

Earlier this year, Sharopetrosian was found guilty of one count of bank fraud
conspiracy, four counts of bank fraud and seven counts of aggravated identify
fraud by U.S. District Court Judge David Carter, who sentenced him and Brown on
Wednesday.

"The court's sentence is a strong message to serial identity thieves and
fraudsters that their conduct will be met with stiff consequences," Assistant
U.S. Attorney Joseph McNally said.

According to a fraud indictment issued by a federal grand jury in Orange County,
members of Armenian Power worked with members of black street gangs and bribed
bank insiders to gather information allowing them to take over accounts in a
scheme that caused millions in losses, a news release from the U.S. Attorney's
Office said.



714-834-3773 or vjolly@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            November 30, 2012 Friday

Two men behind fraud scheme get 25-year sentences

BYLINE: Vik Jolly Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 344 words

DATELINE: SANTA ANA


A U.S. District Court judge Wednesday sentenced to 25 years each in federal
prison two men who prosecutors say led one of the most sophisticated bank fraud
and I.D. theft schemes in Southern California from behind prison walls.

The scheme stole the identities of hundreds of people and targeted elderly and
other vulnerable victims, federal prosecutors say. For the approximate six-year
duration of the scheme ending in 2011, defendants conspired to cause at least $8
million in losses, with victims in Orange, Los Angeles and San Bernardino
counties, as well as in Arizona, Texas and Nevada, prosecutors said.

Angus Brown, 36, also known as "Homicide" and described in court papers as a
"career criminal and identity thief" with several prior convictions, was serving
time for identity theft when he participated in the scheme, a news release said.

Arman Sharopetrosian, also known as "Horse," 33, of Burbank and a member of the
Armenian Power criminal enterprise, was serving a 10-year sentence for shooting
at an occupied vehicle and carrying a concealed weapon when he committed the
federal fraud offense, the release said.

Brown pleaded guilty in December last year to conspiracy to commit bank fraud
conspiracy, bank fraud and 17 counts of aggravated identity theft.

Earlier this year, Sharopetrosian was found guilty of one count of bank fraud
conspiracy, four counts of bank fraud and seven counts of aggravated identify
fraud by U.S. District Court Judge David Carter, who sentenced him and Brown on
Wednesday.

"The court's sentence is a strong message to serial identity thieves and
fraudsters that their conduct will be met with stiff consequences," Assistant
U.S. Attorney Joseph McNally said.

According to a fraud indictment issued by a federal grand jury in Orange County,
members of Armenian Power worked with members of black street gangs and bribed
bank insiders to gather information allowing them to take over accounts in a
scheme that caused millions in losses, a news release from the U.S. Attorney's
Office said.



714-834-3773 or vjolly@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            November 30, 2012 Friday

Two men behind fraud scheme get 25-year sentences

BYLINE: Vik Jolly Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 344 words

DATELINE: SANTA ANA


A U.S. District Court judge Wednesday sentenced to 25 years each in federal
prison two men who prosecutors say led one of the most sophisticated bank fraud
and I.D. theft schemes in Southern California from behind prison walls.

The scheme stole the identities of hundreds of people and targeted elderly and
other vulnerable victims, federal prosecutors say. For the approximate six-year
duration of the scheme ending in 2011, defendants conspired to cause at least $8
million in losses, with victims in Orange, Los Angeles and San Bernardino
counties, as well as in Arizona, Texas and Nevada, prosecutors said.

Angus Brown, 36, also known as "Homicide" and described in court papers as a
"career criminal and identity thief" with several prior convictions, was serving
time for identity theft when he participated in the scheme, a news release said.

Arman Sharopetrosian, also known as "Horse," 33, of Burbank and a member of the
Armenian Power criminal enterprise, was serving a 10-year sentence for shooting
at an occupied vehicle and carrying a concealed weapon when he committed the
federal fraud offense, the release said.

Brown pleaded guilty in December last year to conspiracy to commit bank fraud
conspiracy, bank fraud and 17 counts of aggravated identity theft.

Earlier this year, Sharopetrosian was found guilty of one count of bank fraud
conspiracy, four counts of bank fraud and seven counts of aggravated identify
fraud by U.S. District Court Judge David Carter, who sentenced him and Brown on
Wednesday.

"The court's sentence is a strong message to serial identity thieves and
fraudsters that their conduct will be met with stiff consequences," Assistant
U.S. Attorney Joseph McNally said.

According to a fraud indictment issued by a federal grand jury in Orange County,
members of Armenian Power worked with members of black street gangs and bribed
bank insiders to gather information allowing them to take over accounts in a
scheme that caused millions in losses, a news release from the U.S. Attorney's
Office said.



714-834-3773 or vjolly@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 20, 2012 Thursday

3 Toledo-area men charged in scheme to sell Iraqi money

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 493 words


Sept. 20--Three Toledo area men pleaded not guilty Thursday to federal charges
that allege they were involved in a multi-million dollar scheme involving the
sale of Iraqi currency.

Bradford L. Huebner, 65, of Ottawa Hills, Charles N. Emmenecker, 65, of
Sylvania, and Michael L. Teadt, 66, of Maumee, appeared for arraignment before
Magistrate Judge James Knepp II. All three men entered not guilty pleas through
their attorneys.

The 83-count indictment issued Thursday also named Rudolph M. Coenen, 47, of
Jacksonville, Fla. Mr. Coenen was not in court.

According to court documents, the men were charged for alleged involvement in
the operation of a $24 million fraud scheme involving the sale of Iraqi dinar
currency and two non-existent hedge funds. Each faces charges of conspiracy to
commit wire fraud and wire fraud. Mr. Huebner and Mr. Coenen are also charged
with multiple counts of money laundering, and Mr. Huebner is charged with
multiple counts of structuring and willful failure to file currency and
transaction reports.

Steven Dettelbach, the U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio, said
that the defendants' conduct resulted in a loss to investors of nearly $23.8
million from dinar sales and more than $700,000 from the sale of non-existent
hedges funds.

"These defendants made false statements time and again to convince people to
part with their savings and hard-earned cash," Mr. Dettelbach said in a release.
"The fact that one defendant falsely claimed he was wounded while fighting in
Iraq is particularly egregious."

According to the indictment, the four men began in August, 2010, a conspiracy to
operate "BH Group" in Toledo and "Bayshore Capital Investments" in Jacksonville
in order to defraud investors through investments in the Iraqi dinar currency
and two non-existent hedge funds. The conspirators promoted the dinar and
non-existent hedge funds through the dissemination of a series of material
falsehoods conveyed primarily through weekly interstate conference calls and
through the conspirators' Web site, according to the indictment.

Attorney Richard Kerger, who represents Mr. Huebner, said today that his
client's business was "entirely lawful." Saying that Mr. Huebner was a longtime
businessman in the area, Mr. Kerger said any noncompliance with federal
regulations was "unintentional."

"I think it's an unfortunate prosecution," he said. "...I think at the end of
the day, the charges will be found to be not substantiated."

Mr. Emmenecker and Mr. Teadt were both granted release on a $250,000 signature
bond, and ordered to surrender their passports and not travel outside the
boundries of the court's jurisdiction without prior approval.

A detention hearing for Mr. Huebner was set for 10:30 a.m. Friday. Assistant
U.S. Attorney Joe Wilson said the prosecution believes he is a flight risk.

___ (c)2012 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120920-TO-3-Toledo-area-men-charged-in-scheme
-to-sell-Iraqi-money-0920-20120920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2012 The Blade


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday

LENGTH: 482 words


GM Canada to move 600 jobs to Mexico

TORONTO "" General Motors Canada is cutting 625 jobs at its assembly plant near
London, Ontario, and moving those jobs to Mexico, where labor is cheaper, GM
Canada's union spokesman said Friday.

Unifor Local 88 spokesman Mike Van Boekel said the layoffs will take effect in
July at the CAMI Assembly plant in Ingersoll, which currently employs 2,800
Unifor workers.

Unifor's national president, Jerry Dias, said the decision "reeks of corporate
greed" and is a clear sign that the North American Free Trade Agreement must be
renegotiated. President Trump has told Mexico and Canada he wants to renegotiate
NAFTA, or perhaps even scrap it.

Feds: 2 charged with ticket Ponzi scheme

NEW YORK "" Two men were charged Friday with operating a Ponzi scheme that
cheated wealthy people who thought they were investing in ticket businesses for
popular shows like an Adele concert and Broadway's "Hamilton."

Joseph Meli, 42, of Manhattan, and Steven Simmons, 48, of Wilton, Conn., were
charged with enticing wealthy individuals in 13 states to invest $81 million in
businesses that would buy large blocks of tickets for major concerts and
musicals.

A criminal complaint said the men instead ran a Ponzi scheme that diverted at
least $51 million to pay off other investors and for their own use. They were
charged with conspiracy, securities fraud and wire fraud.

American Airlines profits drop 91 percent

FORT WORTH, Texas "" American Airlines profits dropped 91 percent in the fourth
quarter, as the company logged a big income tax provision but also took a
bottom-line hit from higher fuel and labor costs.

The Fort Worth-based carrier posted net income of $289 million, compared to
$3.28 billion in the fourth quarter of 2015, when American reported a $3 billion
income tax benefit. On the bright side, revenues grew 1.7 percent in the fourth
quarter to $9.8 billion.

"We are particularly pleased with our revenue performance," American chief
executive Doug Parker said, noting that unit revenues improved for the first
time in over two years.

Investors, however, were not impressed, and sent shares of American stock down 5
percent on Friday, or $2.64 a share, to close at $46.95.

Pipeline CEO retiring after spills, fatal blast

ALPHARETTA, Ga. "" The longtime chief executive of a Georgia-based national
pipeline network is retiring months after two spills and an explosion that
killed an Alabama worker and constricted the region's supply of gasoline.

Colonial Pipeline CEO Tim Felt will be replaced on an interim basis by former
AGL Resources CEO John Somerhalder.

The pipeline, which transports gasoline from the Gulf Coast to New York City,
exploded in October while a central Alabama crew was making repairs related to a
September spill that shut down fuel shipments for more than a week. One
contractor was killed and five others injured.

"" Wire reports

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2017 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           August 10, 2011 Wednesday
                                    TOURISM

Bike sharing saves lives, suggests study

SECTION: TRANSPORT

LENGTH: 257 words


This decade is turning out to be a golden one for bike sharing, with new schemes
based on Paris's Velib program recently popping up in London, Washington DC,
Miami Beach and Boston.

Now, such programs have been given an extra boost by a new study published in
the British Medical Journal which suggests public bike sharing initiatives offer
a range of benefits to the health of a city's population.

The authors looked at the Bicing scheme, a bike-sharing scheme first established
in the Spanish city of Barcelona in 2007.

They questioned over 180,000 Bicing subscribers in an attempt to pinpoint the
risks and benefits of using a bike-share scheme compared with travelling by car
in the urban environment, to see if one was significantly more advantageous to
health.

The doctors found that while the risk of road traffic injury and air pollution
exposure rose fractionally among Bicing users, it was far offset by the
improvement in health among members of the scheme -- saving some 12 lives every
year.

Were the average age of a Bicing user to be higher, said the researchers, even
more deaths would be avoided -- 20.55 every year assuming a mean age of 48 years
for the average users.

"The health benefits of physical activity from cycling using the bicycle sharing
scheme (Bicing) in Barcelona, Spain, were large compared with the risks from
inhalation of air pollutants and road traffic incidents," concluded the study.

"Public bicycle sharing schemes can help improve public health."

Read the research: http://www.bmj.com/content/343/bmj.d4521.full

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2011 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

Multinationals to advise on tax scheme;
US companies have not complained about end of  Double Irish  scheme, says Bruton

BYLINE: Simon Carswell

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 466 words


US multinationals have said they plan to advise the Government on what should be
in the proposed "knowledge box" tax scheme, the Minister for  Enterprise Richard
Bruton has said.

Speaking on a five-day US trade mission, Mr Bruton said that US companies had
not raised concerns in meetings about the Government's decision to end the
"Double Irish" tax avoidance scheme or that this might lead to a change in the
12.5 per cent corporate tax rate.

"People come to grow their businesses - tax is not what they come for," he said.

He had received "very positive feedback" on the budgetary changes in meetings
with US companies in Boston on Monday and the Washington DC area yesterday.

Companies had indicated that they would participate in the Government's
consultation process on the knowledge box, which will allow companies separate
income from intellectual property and pay a different tax rate on it.
Knowledge box The process would ensure the proposed "knowledge box" would
"embrace the sorts of innovation that driving business change now," he added.

He said there has been "a misunderstanding" of what drives corporate tax
inversions, which have led US firms to be criticised for relocating to Ireland
and elsewhere for tax purposes through takeovers.

"It is neither something that we want or cultivate," he said. "It is the US
regulations that drive it: there is scope for the US to change its regulations."

Mr Bruton visited Virginia educational software company Ellucian, which last
ye1ar agreed a deal with Cork company Akari Software.

His visit continues in Philadelphia today and New York on Friday on a trip
involving meetings and events with 17 companies, mostly in the financial
services, technology and healthcare sectors.

The Minister expressed optimism that the US and EU could still agree the
Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, the proposed deal between the
two economic blocs, despite divisions on financial regulation, food production
and data protection.

"This isn't about ending up having on both sides of the Atlantic an identical
set of regulations in the public interest because the public interest varies
between the two sides," heexplained.

Mr Bruton told an audience at the European Institute in Washington that reaching
an agreement would be "tricky" but spoke about the momentum for the deal as
"both economies need it."  Talks between negotiators The seventh round of talks
between negotiators working towards an agreement took place in Washington
earlier this month.

Mr Bruton will meet lead US negotiator, trade representative Mike Froman today.

The Minister said that given the seven rounds of talks Mr Froman may have been
"a little bit optimistic" when he said in Dublin on a visit last year that the
agreement could be negotiated on "one fill of gas."

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              March 6, 2005 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

A MAN, A PLAN, A SCHEME

BYLINE: William R. Wineke Wisconsin State Journal

SECTION: ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. G3

LENGTH: 530 words


The idea of a "Ponzi Scheme" is pretty simple: Get people to invest in your
scheme by offering high rates of return; use the money new people invest to pay
off the first investors.

The problem with a Ponzi scheme is that, sooner or later, you run out of new
investors and, thus, run out of cash to pay off the old investors. The bigger
problem is that you go to jail.

That also turned out to be the fate of the original Ponzi, Charles Ponzi, an
Italian native who moved to Boston early in the 20th century and made - and,
then, lost - millions in the Securities Exchange Co. by promising investors
returns of 50 percent within 45 days.

Author Mitchell Zuckoff in "Ponzi's Scheme (Random House: $25.95), paints a word
portrait of Ponzi as one of the century's most charming and most complex
charletons.

The idea behind the scheme deals with international postage rates. Ponzi
promised to buy stamps in countries with currency values disadvantageous to the
American dollar and, then, trade them for American stamps which, presumably,
would be worth more. The actual scheme was a little more complex, but you get
the picture.

Ponzi never did quite figure out what he was going to do with the American
stamps. As it turned out, he never bought any.

Instead, he raised vast amounts of money and kept paying off his original
investors with cash from newer investors and he kept doing so until federal and
state charges put him out of business.

What makes the Ponzi story complex is that, Zuckoff hints, he began to believe
his own con.

At one point, Ponzi had control of a $15 million stash and he knew the
authorities were on his trail. Had he been a classic con man, he would have
found a way to leave America, return to Italy, and live the good life. Instead,
he stayed in Boston, kept paying off his investors and ended up serving jail
time, moving to Brazil, of all places, and dying penniless.

He gave a deathbed interview with an Associated Press reporter, noting "My
business was simple. It was the old game of robbing Peter to pay Paul. You would
give me one hundred dollars and I would give you a note to pay you
one-hundred-and-fifty dollars in three months. Usually I would redeem my note in
45 days. My notes became more valuable than American money. ... Then came
trouble. The whole thing was broken."

Of course, there were winners. The early investors in Ponzi's scheme made huge
profits - and often just reinvested them.

Ponzi lived the high life for several years, being driven around Boston in a
blue Locomobile, carrying a walking stick and being surrounded by swarms of
reporters and hangers-on.

What Zuckoff does to make his book so interesting is to present Ponzi, a guy who
was pretty much a crook all of his life, as an appealing personality. Even as
the reader sees the world falling down around Ponzi's shoulders, he retains some
hope that, somehow, Ponzi will pull it all out, redeem his business and save his
reputation.

We know that won't happen - the story is, after all, fact, not fiction and we
know how it turned out - but Zuckoff keeps us hoping, keeps us on Ponzi's side.
It is a remarkable feat of writing and the book will keep you turning pages long
into the night.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Charles Ponzi gained a measure of infamy from the term "Ponzi Scheme."
He also lost millions of dollars.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                            January 15, 2008 Tuesday

BA asks all passengers to offset flights

BYLINE: JONATHAN PRYNN

SECTION: B; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 241 words


BRITISH AIRWAYS has unveiled what it claims to be the world's most advanced
scheme for offsetting emissions from flights.

From this afternoon, all BA passengers will automatically be asked if they want
to contribute to the scheme as they book their tickets on-line. The money will
be added to the price of the flight if they agree. The scheme replaces an
existing little used offsetting option, which involved BA passengers having to
log onto another website and pay separately for it..

BA bosses hope that the new more "user-friendly" scheme will raise the take-up
substantially from the current one per cent.

Investment bank Morgan Stanley, which is running the scheme, could lift
participation to 10 per cent of the 36 million passengers BA carries each year.

The money raised will finance a new windfarm in the Ningxia province of China
and hydro-electric plants in the Gansu province of

China and Santa Catarina region in Brazil, all are UN-certified carbon reduction
projects The Government was accused of "breathtaking hypocrisy" today after
calling for people to take fewer shorthaul flights while pushing ahead with the
expansion of airports. Defra has asked the public to avoid "unnecessary"
flights. A Greenpeace spokesman said: "This Government has done more than any
other to promote a binge flying culture."

EMISSION PRICES

London to Paris £1.60 London to Frankfurt £3 London to Lisbon £5 London to New
York £17 London to San Francisco £26

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           February 14, 2008 Thursday

RBC Dain buys D.C. firm

BYLINE: BY NICOLE GARRISON-SPRENGER Pioneer Press

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 459 words


RBC Dain Rauscher, one of the Twin Cities' largest wealth management firms,
inked its biggest acquisition deal in six years.

The Minneapolis firm said Thursday it will buy Washington, D.C.-based Ferris,
Baker Watts, which has 57 offices, primarily in the Mid-Atlantic, and 900
employees. Terms were not disclosed.

The deal is expected to close in mid-2008. Together, the firms will have $160
million in assets under management.

"This is going to dramatically improve our market share and positioning in
markets that are very attractive," said John Taft, president and CEO of RBC Dain
Rauscher.

Ferris' strength in the Mid-Atlantic will allow RBC Dain to establish a new
region there, he said.

Owned by the Royal Bank of Canada, RBC Dain Rauscher employs 5,000 people -
including 1,450 in the Twin Cities - in 150 branches nationwide.

Rumors that Ferris, Baker Watts would sell have been circulating since fall,
when federal prosecutors charged former Ferris broker Stephen Glantz with fraud
in connection with his alleged involvement in a multimillion-dollar Ponzi scheme
, according to the Baltimore Sun. Former Ferris CEO Louis Akers Jr. and general
counsel Theodore Urban took early retirements last year, the Sun also reported.
In January, Ferris offered a $16 million settlement to victims of the investment
fraud scheme.

Taft said Ferris, Baker has enough cash in reserve to cover any future
settlements or regulatory fines related to the alleged fraud scheme. He added
the alleged fraud is an anomaly for the 100-year-old firm.

"They are one of the few remaining high-quality, independent regional firms in
the country," Taft said.

Ferris, Baker Watts is an employee-owned brokerage and investment bank with
$18.5 billion in assets under administration and offices in California,
Colorado, the District of Columbia, Delaware, Maryland, Michigan, North
Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia and West Virginia.

This is RBC Dain's biggest acquisition since its $625 million purchase of
Boston-based Tucker Anthony Sutro Corp. in 2001, which added 900 brokers,
doubling the firm's retail brokerage business.

Taft said RBC Dain continues to be in the market for acquisitions, but the
company isn't necessarily itching to get bigger.

"If we didn't add a single broker, we'd be large enough," Taft said. "We're not
trying to be the biggest. We want to be the best wealth-management firm in
America."

Separately, an RBC Dain Rauscher spokeswoman said the company's previously
announced plan to move its corporate headquarters to New York becomes official
March 3, after its merger with RBC Capital Markets. The company has said its
Minneapolis operations will remain as they are.

Nicole Garrison-Sprenger can be reached at 651-228-5580 or
ngarrisonsprenger@pioneerpress.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Bankers Close Ranks After Laundering Charges;
How Laundering Scheme Worked, According to US

                           October 13, 1988, Thursday

By YVETTE D. KANTROW

DATELINE: NEW YORK


With offices in places as diverse as the United States, France, Panama, Uruguay,
the Bahamas, and Britain, Bank of Credit and Commerce International was
allegedly able to keep $14 million in illegal drug money moving fast and often
enough to make it virtually untraceable.

When the U.S. Customs Service first began its money-laundering investigation,
the Medellin drug cartel scheme involved blank checks written against illegal
funds deposited in Tampa, Fla. But once BCCI officials lent their suggestions to
the launderers, the scheme escalated into a multinational plan, with money
traveling through numerous loans, certificates of deposits, legitimate bank
accounts, and international wire transfers. According to the Customs Service,
here is how the scheme worked:

Cash generated by drug deals in New York, Chicago, Detroit, Houston, Miami, Los
Angeles, and Philadelphia was picked up by an U.S. Customs undercover agent. It
was deposited at a bank in the city of the drug deal and then sent via wire
transfers to an undercover bank account in Tampa. Sometimes, the money was
physically transported to Tampa and directly deposited into the bank account.

In the scheme's early days, the conspiracy's principal player, identified as
Gonzalo Mora, was given blank checks written against the Tampa account. The
value of the checks, which were signed by the holder of the clandestine account,
allegedly was filled in by Mr. Mora. He then forwarded the checks to the funds'
owners - the suppliers of the drugs sold in the deal.  Sometimes Mr. Mora sold
checks on what Customs called the "currency black market."

Beginning in October 1987, the launderers sometimes used a variation of this
scheme. The funds in the Tampa account were transferred by wire to a BCCI
account in Panama owned by a Panamanian corporation. Mr. Mora then received
blank checks signed by that corporation.

According to Customs, the conspiracy became more sophisticated in December 1987,
at the suggestion of BCCI officials. Under the newer method, funds in the Tampa
account were wire-transferred via a New York bank to a foreign bank. Once the
money reached the foreign bank, it was placed in a 90-day certificate of
deposit.

At the same time, a representative from BCCI in Miami would meet with undercover
agents and secure a loan to be made to the agents by BCCI in Panama. The loan
would be guaranteed by the funds in the foreign CD. An account would then be
opened at BCCI Panama to receive the loan's proceeds. Mr. Mora would then
receive blank checks written against the BCCI Panama account.

In May 1988, a new laundering method was initiated after undercover agents met
with BCCI officials in Europe, the Customs report said,.

Under the new scheme, BCCI accounts were established for nine corporations in
four countries. These included legitimate cash-generating businesses in the
United States that agreed to cooperate with Customs' undercover operation. The
most recent transaction conducted under this complex plan worked this way:

Funds deposited in Tampa were wire-transferred via New York to BCCI in
Luxembourg, where they were then wired to BCCI in London. The money was then
placed in a CD. BCCI in Nassau made a loan backed by the CD in London. BCCI in
Nassau, as instructed by Mr. Mora, wired the proceeds of the loan to a bank
account in Uruguay. The account in Uruguay was controlled by a Colombian drug
kingpin.

According to the Customs report, Mr. Mora ordered similarly complex transactions
to send money to other foreign accounts held by drug chieftains. The
transactions involved various combinations of corporate bank accounts
established under the scheme. In all cases, funds were placed in BCCI branches
in specific countries while loans were generated by the bank's branches in other
countries. The schemers were careful to combine different accounts and branches
in each transaction so as not to reveal a pattern.

About 25% of the laundered funds in the BCCI case reached the people who
controlled the drug funds via these types of transactions. The blank check
schemes accounted for the remaining 75%.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 690 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1988 American Banker, Inc.


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 17, 2012 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Hall of Fame College Coach Is Accused in Ponzi Scheme

BYLINE: By PETER LATTMAN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; DEALBOOK; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 700 words


Federal regulators have accused a Hall of Fame college football coach of running
a Ponzi scheme that defrauded fellow coaches and his former players.Jim Donnan,
a head coach of Marshall University and the University of Georgia during the
1990s, is accused of working with an Ohio businessman to cheat investors out of
$80 million.

The Securities and Exchange Commission filed a civil lawsuit in Federal District
Court in Atlanta on Thursday seeking to recover the money and impose a penalty
on Mr. Donnan, who lives in Athens, Ga., and his partner, Gregory L. Crabtree of
Proctorville, Ohio.

In court filings, the agency said victims included Barry Switzer, the former
Dallas Cowboys coach; Kendrell Bell, the former Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker
who played for Mr. Donnan at Georgia; and Billy Gillispie, the former University
of Kentucky basketball coach.

Several other cases in recent years have involved professional athletes and
sports figures who were lured into questionable investments. In 2010, John
Elway, the former Denver Broncos star, lost millions after investing with a
hedge fund manager who pleaded guilty to fraud. And Michael Vick, the
quarterback for the Philadelphia Eagles, handed over millions to a financial
adviser in Omaha who is now serving prison time after admitting to defrauding
her clients.

Mr. Donnan, 67, raised money from about 100 investors for a company called GLC
Limited, a liquidation business that regulators say acquired leftover
merchandise from large retailers and resold it to discount stores at a profit.
He promised investors returns of 50 to 380 percent.

Among his investors were former players, the S.E.C. said. He told one unnamed
player, according to the complaint, "Your Daddy is going to take care of you"
and "If you weren't my son, I wouldn't be doing this for you." The player later
invested $800,000.

What he was doing, regulators say, was stealing. Of the $80 million raised, only
$12 million was used to buy merchandise, with the balance used to pay earlier
investors in the scheme, the S.E.C. said. Mr. Donnan took $7.4 million for
himself, according to the lawsuit.

"Donnan and Crabtree convinced investors to pour millions of dollars into a
purportedly unique and profitable business with huge potential and little risk,"
William P. Hicks, associate director of the S.E.C.'s Atlanta office, said in a
statement. "But they were merely pulling an old page out of the Ponzi scheme
playbook, and the clock eventually ran out."

Last December, after the business fell apart, Mr. Donnan and his wife sought
bankruptcy protection after investors went to court demanding millions of
dollars from them. Mr. Crabtree and his wife also filed for bankruptcy.

Neither Edward D. Tolley, a lawyer for Mr. Donnan, nor Michael Schmidt, a lawyer
for Mr. Crabtree, immediately returned a telephone call seeking comment.

Mr. Donnan is well known in Georgia and West Virginia. In 1992, his team at
Marshall, which is in Huntington, W.Va., won a Division I-AA national
championship. Mr. Donnan went on to coach for five seasons at the University of
Georgia, one of the country's leading college football programs, before being
fired in 2000.

After coaching, Mr. Donnan worked as a college football analyst for ESPN.

During a call with reporters on Thursday, the S.E.C. declined to comment on
whether federal prosecutors were pursuing a criminal investigation.

Mr. Donnan's case is the latest in a series of lawsuits brought over the last
year by the S.E.C. against former professional and college athletes. Douglas V.
DeCinces, a former standout third baseman for the Baltimore Orioles and
California Angels, settled charges brought by the S.E.C. that he had traded on
inside information ahead of a merger announcement.

The former Notre Dame football walk-on Daniel Ruettiger - whose underdog story
inspired the film "Rudy" - settled charges that he had swindled investors in a
sports drink venture. And the former Chicago Bears receiver Willie Gault was
accused of taking part in a scheme to artificially inflate the penny stock of a
company that he had helped run. Mr. Gault has denied the claim.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL:
http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2012/08/16/former-college-football-coach-accused-of-
running-a-ponzi-scheme/

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Jim Donnan in 2009 in South Bend, Ind. Regulators say he and a
partner cheated athletes and others out of $80 million. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JOE
RAYMOND/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             June 24, 2012, Sunday

Texas Gov. Perry campaigns for Maloney in W.Va. governor race

BYLINE: Paul J. Nyden, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1B

LENGTH: 460 words


Texas Gov. Rick Perry visited West Virginia last Wednesday to campaign and raise
money for Republican Bill Maloney in his race for governor, calling him a "true
fiscal conservative."

During a statewide radio interview with Hoppy Kercheval on MetroNews Talkline on
Wednesday morning, Perry said he wants to eliminate the current Social Security
system and attacked incumbent Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin for supporting it.

Perry called Social Security a "Ponzi scheme" that threatens the future of our
children.

In a Friday news release, Maloney praised Perry and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal
- who campaigned for him in West Virginia on Tuesday - for "leading the way on
job creation and reform in their states. From ethics reform to energy
independence, there is so much we can learn from the examples that Louisiana and
Texas are setting."

But late Friday afternoon, Maloney distanced himself sharply from Perry's
comments that Social Security is a Ponzi scheme that should be eliminated.

"I do not agree with Governor Perry's remarks on Social Security. Social
Security is critical to West Virginia's seniors and we need to send leaders to
Washington who will save it for the next generation," Maloney said in a
statement provided to the Sunday Gazette-Mail.

During his Wednesday radio interview with Perry, Kercheval pointed out Tomblin's
campaign criticized him for calling "Social Security unconstitutional and a
Ponzi scheme."

Kercheval said Tomblin's campaign stated, "Bill Maloney praises a man who wants
to gamble Social Security money on Wall Street. But without Social Security,
half of West Virginia [seniors] would be living in poverty."

Perry told Kercheval, "I did call it a Ponzi scheme. ... If Mr. Tomblin wants to
defend Social Security and defend Washington, D.C. that has spent our kid's
fortunes ... in the form of Social Security payments, then that's his fault. ...

"To hear him [Tomblin] say that Social Security is not a Ponzi Scheme tells me
he may be flaking for the current [Obama] administration, which is not good
politics and certainly not good policy."

During his Talkline interview and a press conference in Charleston late
Wednesday afternoon, Perry repeatedly praised Maloney for his fiscally
conservative views.

On Thursday, before Maloney had commented, Tomblin's campaign spokesman Chris
Stadelman said, "Bill Maloney may agree with Rick Perry that we should abandon
our senior citizens, but Gov. Tomblin certainly does not.

"After 18 months of running for governor, Bill Maloney still refuses to provide
West Virginians with specific ideas. That means voters have to look at his role
models to figure out what kind of governor he would be. And they're not going to
like what they see."

Reach Paul J. Nyden

at pjnyden@wvgazette.com

or 304-348-5164.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Salem News (Beverly, MA)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 18, 2016 Thursday

Salem man charged in scheme to defraud Home Depot

BYLINE: The Salem News, Beverly, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 367 words


Aug. 18--BOSTON -- A Salem man pleaded guilty Wednesday in U.S. District Court
in Boston in connection with a scheme to defraud Home Depot of more than
$45,000.

Robert Dooley, 56, of Salem, pleaded guilty to 10 counts of wire fraud. U.S.
District Court Senior Judge Douglas Woodlock scheduled sentencing for Nov. 15.

Between January and February 2016, Dooley engaged in a scheme to defraud Home
Depot by "returning" items he had not purchased from the store in order to
receive store credit, according to a press statement from the U.S. Attorney's
Office.

On each occasion, Dooley entered Home Depot stores empty-handed and gathered
merchandise totaling $500 to $900, and took it to the returns desk, where he
falsely claimed that he had previously purchased the items, but did not have a
receipt.

When he provided his driver's license number to the clerk, he was issued a Home
Depot gift card for the amount of the fraudulent return. He often varied the
number on his license so the "return" would not immediately be detected as
fraudulent, according to federal prosecutors.

Story continues below video

Dooley perpetrated the scam more than forty times at Home Depot stores in
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Maine, resulting in more than
$35,000 in fraudulent returns.

In 2007, Dooley was convicted of federal wire fraud charges arising out of a
nearly identical scheme in which he defrauded Home Depot in excess of $330,000
from July 2004 through October 2005. In that case, he was sentenced to five
years in federal prison.

The charging statute provides a sentence of no greater than 20 years in prison,
three years of supervised release and a fine of $250,000. Actual sentences for
federal crimes are typically less than the maximum penalties, according to the
U.S. Attorney's office.

United States Attorney Carmen Ortiz and Harold Shaw, Special Agent-in-Charge of
the FBI's Boston Field Division, made the announcement Wednesday afternoon.

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Eugenia Carris of
Ortiz's Public Corruption Unit.

___ (c)2016 The Salem News (Beverly, Mass.) Visit The Salem News (Beverly,
Mass.) at www.salemnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160818-ZS-Salem-man-charged-in-scheme
-to-defraud-Home-Depot-0818-20160818

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZS


                         Copyright 2016 The Salem News


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 6, 1992, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Phar-Mor still under FBI review

BYLINE: Blair S. Walker

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 354 words


The FBI continues to investigate allegations that two top executives of the
fast-growing Phar-Mor discount drugstore chain engaged in a book-cooking and
embezzlement scheme that cost the Ohio-based business $ 350 million.

Co-founder, president and chief operating officer Michael Monus and chief
financial officer Patrick Finn were fired Friday after company officials
accumulated evidence that the two stole $ 10 million. They're also accused of
doctoring profit and loss statements for three years to mask their activities.

Phar-Mor says the alleged scheme began to unravel late last month after CEO
David Shapira received a tip that the firm's books were filled with
irregularities. Shapira, a company co-founder, ordered a review that uncovered a
massive fraud and embezzlement scheme, a company spokeswoman said.

Phar-Mor is taking a $ 350 million charge against earnings as a result of the
alleged fraud and embezzlement. The closely held 300-outlet company has turned
over the results of its review to the FBI and sacked external auditors Coopers &
Lybrand, hiring Deloitte & Touche.

''We have initiated an investigation regarding alleged federal violations,'' FBI
spokesman Mike Waldner said. ''We're not specifying who the targets are at this
time.''

Monus is reportedly in Spain attending the Olympics. Neither Monus nor Finn has
spoken to the press since news of the scandal broke. Monday, Monus and his
father, Nathan, sold their interest in the Colorado Rockies expansion baseball
team. Michael Monus also was instrumental in starting the defunct World
Basketball League.

''To say that the actions of two former officers of this company were outrageous
and shocking does not begin to convey my feelings,'' Shapira said in a prepared
statement. ''I intend to return Phar-Mor to profitability as soon as possible
and to re-establish honest relationships with our banks and our vendors.''

Phar-Mor is based in Youngstown, Ohio. The company provides 2,400 jobs there,
many in the inner city. And Michael Monus, 44, is a native son.

''I'd say we're all kind of shocked,'' Mayor Pat Ungaro said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Insiders

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                             March 1, 2008 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

AmeriFirst defendant faces new charge;
Man accused in scheme planned to flee with new passport, FBI says

BYLINE: By TOM BAYLES tom.bayles@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 401 words


The Texas man at the center of the alleged AmeriFirst Funding scheme has been
arrested by the FBI on charges that he lied on a passport application in order
to flee the country.

Jeffrey C. Bruteyn is accused of being the mastermind of the investment scheme
that authorities say bilked hundreds of mainly elderly seniors -- most from
Southwest Florida -- out of $55 million.

In Dallas in August, Bruteyn was asked by Assistant U.S. Attorney Jeffrey Ansley
to turn over his passport as a show of good faith. Bruteyn complied.

But then in October, Bruteyn went to Philadelphia and applied for a replacement
passport saying his previous one "was accidentally removed from my office with
old documents," according to a Feb. 26 arrest warrant from the U.S. District
Court in Pennsylvania.

Armed with the new passport, Bruteyn was going to flee to Europe, FBI recordings
of Bruteyn's phone calls to his girlfriend revealed.

Bruteyn will face a hearing Monday on the passport matter.

Investigators charge that Bruteyn and his business partner, Dennis Bowden, lived
a lavish lifestyle off the proceeds of the alleged AmeriFirst Funding scheme,
which involved newspaper ads that touted high-interest, government-backed
certificates of deposit.

But investors were steered instead to high-risk unregulated securities,
investigators say.

Bruteyn and Bowden then spent with abandon on items such as two Ferraris, an
Aston Martin, a BMW motorcycle and a 58-acre, $2.1 million chunk of an island
off Honduras.

In Florida, investigators claim, former Bradenton resident Vincent Bazemore
joined Fort Myers residents Eric Hall, Frank Howard and John Priest in selling
AmeriFirst Funding products to about 380 Floridians through three investment
vehicles and then sending the proceeds to Bruteyn.

Along with Bruteyn and Bowden, all remain under investigation by a federal grand
jury in Texas, but Bazemore has since pleaded to one count of securities fraud
and has been cooperating with state and federal investigators.

Bazemore, who sold AmeriFirst Funding's products from an office in the new
Synovus Bank building in downtown Sarasota, is expected to be sentenced to up to
five years in prison later this year.

About $40 million has been recovered so far by a court-appointed receiver in
Texas.

Bruteyn is also facing arrest on a civil contempt charge from the sale of a fake
Picasso that requires him to pay the Texas receiver $231,000.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The News Herald (Panama City, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 30, 2012 Wednesday

6 charged in tax scheme

BYLINE: Zack Mcdonald, The News Herald, Panama City, Fla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 430 words


May 30--PANAMA CITY -- Six people have been charged with conspiring to defraud
the United States by filing $18 million in false tax returns from locations in
Panama City and Fort Lauderdale, federal officials announced Tuesday.

Blaine Johnston, 62, of Marianna; Hector A. Cabrera, 67, Diana Gonzalez, 63, and
Wilfredo Rodriguez, 53, all of Miami; and Angel Done, 54, and Wilson Calle, 55,
both of New York, are alleged to have conspired between 2008 and 2009 to defraud
the U.S. by obtaining fraudulent tax refunds by filing, or assisting others in
filing, false federal income tax returns.

The indictment charges Evelyn Johnston, Blaine Johnston and others with devising
a scheme to help taxpayers obtain more than $18 million in refunds from the IRS,
while Cabrera, Gonzalez, Done and Calle are charged with being recruiters in the
scheme. The indictment states the Johnstons owned a tax preparation company
named ABACO Executive Services Inc. that had locations in Panama City and Fort
Lauderdale. (It is unclear whether the Johnstons were related.)

The scheme was premised upon the "redemption theory," which is the "fraudulent
notion" the IRS would pay taxpayers' personal debts, the indictment states.

Between Oct. 1, 2008, and Oct. 27, 2009, ABACO filed more than 60 IRS forms on
behalf of participants under the theory the individuals were not responsible for
debt obligations. Mortgages, loans, credit card bills and credit lines were
instead to be repaid with money sought from the IRS totaling around $18,186,691,
according to officials.

The forms reported the clients' creditors had withheld large amounts of federal
income taxes and paid the money to the IRS. As a result of the overstated income
tax withholding, the tax returns ABACO prepared for its clients claimed large
tax refunds to which the clients were not entitled, according to the indictment.

According to the indictment, the refunds were for as much as $1.06 million.

Communications by telephone, facsimile and mail, in order to exchange
information with clients and among the defendants to ask and answer questions
regarding the tax returns, also are documented in the indictment.

Evelyn Johnston died before the indictment was handed down.

The trial for the remaining defendants is scheduled for July 23 in Panama City.
If convicted, each defendant faces a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison for
conspiracy and five years for each of the remaining 53 counts.

___ (c)2012 The News Herald (Panama City, Fla.) Visit The News Herald (Panama
City, Fla.) at www.newsherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120530-PY-6-charged-in-tax-scheme-0530-20120530

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PY


                         Copyright 2012 The News Herald


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             July 15, 2008 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Suit alleges company cheated its investors

BYLINE: Don Mecoy, Business Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 548 words


More than 2,000 foreign investors may have been swindled of up to $45 million in
a Ponzi scheme orchestrated by a Tulsa oil and gas company, plaintiffs alleged
Monday in court documents filed in Tulsa County District Court.

The court on Monday issued a restraining order against Powder River Petroleum
International that freezes the company's assets and blocks the business from
courting investors or destroying any of its financial records. The court also
appointed an interim receiver to take control of Powder River's assets.

The Tulsa company sold fractional working interests in oil and gas properties in
Oklahoma, Texas and Louisiana, and promised investors a 9 percent annual return
on their money, the petition claims.

Those promises were "nothing more than an illegal pyramid scheme utterly
dependent on an ever-increasing number of new investors to pay existing ones,"
according to the petition.

Chief Executive Officer Brian Fox was not available for comment Monday.

Sapulpa Attorney David Widdoes said the company's claims were vastly
exaggerated, and that money from later investors was used to pay off earlier
investors in a classic Ponzi scheme. As much as $45 million may have been
obtained from "unsophisticated foreign investors," Widdoes said. At least one
investor sank $145,000 into the scheme, he said.

"At least $33 million is due back to investors," he said. "The only way they
would be able to pay back any of the investors is through the use of the
later-obtained investors because they have historically never, ever made a
profit on any of their oil and gas production."

One of the plaintiffs is Mark Chang, who was recruited by Powder River to
promote the asset sales to Asian investors, Widdoes said. Chang resigned from
Powder River's board in March.

Irving Faught, administrator of the Oklahoma Department of Securities, said he
signed an order Monday launching a state investigation into the alleged scheme.

Powder River is a penny stock that trades on the lightly regulated
over-the-counter Bulletin Board.

The stock, traded under the ticker symbol PWDR, rose six-tenths of a cent to
close Monday at 2.8 cents a share.

The company was incorporated in Oklahoma, and it operates out of offices in
Canada and Tulsa, according to regulatory filings.

An expert hired by the plaintiffs filed an affidavit claiming the company has
violated disclosure rules, mismanaged its business and that its liabilities
exceeded its assets.

The company's Web site appeared to be inactive on Monday.

Canadian authorities prohibited Fox from selling securities in Renco Energy
Corp., a company he owned, and previously barred him from acting as a director
or officer of securities issuers for at least 18 months, according to the
petition. Renco Energy owed Powder River $653,927 as of Dec. 31, according to
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Powder River representatives will have an opportunity to respond to the
allegations next week in Tulsa County District Court.

Oklahoma City Attorney Bruce Day has been appointed interim receiver of Powder
River's assets. Day said he has not spoken to Fox or any other company official,
but fears any recovery may be only a fraction of the amount investors poured
into the company.

Don Mecoy:  475-3942,  dmecoy@oklahoman.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 17, 2017 Friday

Washington: Dual Jamaican-U.S. Citizen Sentenced in Connection with Lottery
Fraud Scheme Based in Jamaica

LENGTH: 570  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A dual Jamaican and U.S. citizen charged in connection with the operation of a
Jamaican-based fraudulent lottery scheme was sentenced in Charlotte, North
Carolina, the Department of Justice announced today.





 Felecia Roxanne Lindo, 33, was sentenced to serve 24 months in prison and three
years' supervised release by U.S. District Court Judge Robert J. Conrad Jr. in
Charlotte. Lindo was also ordered to pay $292,900 in restitution.



 Lindo pleaded guilty on Sept. 28, 2016, to one count of conspiracy to commit
wire fraud, in the Western District of North Carolina. As part of her guilty
plea, Lindo acknowledged that from in or about 2011 through at least in or about
September 2012, she was a member of a lottery fraud conspiracy that targeted
victims in the United States.



 "Lottery scammers tied to Jamaica continue to prey on victims in the United
States, promising large winnings in a lottery when in fact the victims are duped
into sending the money to a member of the scheme," said Acting Assistant
Attorney General Chad A. Readler of the Justice Department's Civil Division.
"The Department of Justice is committed to prosecuting those who participate in
international lottery schemes, which often target elderly Americans."



 Lindo was charged on Sept. 20, 2016, with one count of conspiracy to commit
wire fraud. As part of her guilty plea, Lindo acknowledged that victims of the
scheme received a telephone call stating that they had won money in a
sweepstakes or lottery. Victims were instructed to send money for fees or other
expenses in order to release their purported lottery winnings. The victims of
the scheme sent hundreds of thousands of dollars to Lindo, who then forwarded a
portion of the money to Jamaica. Lindo acknowledged there was no lottery, that
there were no winnings, and that she kept some the victims' money for her own
benefit.



 "The prison sentence demonstrates the serious consequences of engaging in fraud
designed to steal from Americans," said U.S. Attorney Jill Westmoreland Rose of
the Western District of North Carolina. "We appreciate the work of the Justice
Department's Consumer Protection Branch in investigating and prosecuting
international lottery scams operating in the Western District."

 "The Postal Inspection Service seeks to end fraud on American citizens, many of
whom are older, by those engaged in international lottery schemes," said
Inspector in Charge David W. Bosch of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service's
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Division. "Today's sentencing demonstrates there are
no safe havens for those who participate in these types of fraud schemes."

 This prosecution is part of the Department of Justice's effort to work with
federal and local law enforcement to combat fraudulent lottery schemes in
Jamaica that prey on U.S. citizens.



 Acting Assistant Attorney General Readler and U.S. Attorney Rose commended the
investigative efforts of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service and the Internal
Revenue Service Criminal Investigation. The case was prosecuted by Trial
Attorney Raquel Toledo of the Civil Division's Consumer Protection Branch with
the assistance of Assistant U.S. Attorney Kelli H. Ferry of the Western District
of North Carolina.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 9, 2015 Thursday

Sentencing Thursday for third man in Scotts Valley Ponzi scheme

BYLINE: Stephen Baxter, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 542 words


July 09--SCOTTS VALLEY -- The final defendant in a Scotts Valley Ponzi scheme
that bilked investors out of $60 million is expected to be sentenced Thursday in
federal court in San Jose.

Keith Rode, the former accountant of Scotts Valley-based GLR Growth Fund,
pleaded guilty to felony mail fraud and faces up to 20 years in federal prison.
His partners, John Geringer and Christopher Luck, already have been sentenced to
12 years and 1 month in prison and 10 years and 8 months in prison, respectively
after they pleaded guilty to felony securities fraud, mail fraud and conspiracy
to commit mail and wire fraud, according to court records.

"This case has gained a lot of attention as well it should. It was a significant
loss," said Rode's attorney, Mark Arnold of San Jose-based Arnold Law Firm.

Arnold said this week that he will argue against prison time Thursday because
Rode's involvement in the fraud was minimal. Rode, 48, worked for the firm from
Wisconsin and elsewhere outside California and essentially relayed his partners'
false financial information to investors.

"All of the information the Rode supplied to investors, the IRS and everyone
else was based on fraudulent information from Geringer and Luck," Arnold said.
"He was the conduit for the information."

The trouble started for the trio in December 2012, when a federal indictment was
handed down that included 38 counts of fraud, conspiracy and money laundering at
GLR Growth Fund, a limited partnership at 4444 Scotts Valley Drive in Scotts
Valley. Geringer, a 51-year-old who was a licensed securities trader, was the
managing director of Geringer Luck & Rode.

His partners were Luck, now 58 and Rode, who was an accountant.

Nearly 90 people invested money in GLR Growth Fund, attracted by marketing that
claimed annual returns of 17 percent to 25 percent with 75 percent of the
investments in publicly traded securities, according to the indictment. The
fraud began in 2006 when investors received false brokerage account statements
showing positive returns when the trading results actually were negative,
according to U.S. Attorney Melinda Haag and FBI Special Agent in Charge David
Johnson.

By 2009, the fund was no longer trading securities. Instead, the partners
funneled investors' money almost exclusively into two privately held companies,
prosecutors wrote.

Geringer told Luck in April 2009 that he had been inventing the Growth Fund's
trading records for several years. Rather than stop the illegal activity, Luck
recruited investors with false and misleading statements about the fund's
growth, prosecutors said.

Meanwhile, Rode received the pair's false financial statements in Wisconsin and
relayed them to investors, Rode's attorney said.

Since admitting guilt in the case in August, Rode has been banned by the
Securities and Exchange Commission and can't work as an accountant. He's moved
to Los Angeles where he lives in a "boarding house," Arnold said, and he is
getting divorced.

"He's lost everything," Arnold said. "His intent and conduct was so different
than Geringer and Luck."

___ (c)2015 the Santa Cruz Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) Visit the Santa Cruz
Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) at www.santacruzsentinel.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150709-QC-Sentencing-Thursday-for-third-man-in-Scotts-Valley-Ponzi-
scheme-0709-20150709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2015 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                               September 18, 2003

American tech firms UK staff take 90% pension hit

BYLINE: Rupert Jones

SECTION: Guardian City Pages, Pg. 21

LENGTH: 485 words


British employees of a US-based technology group, which is said to be iswimming
in cashi, are likely to lose much of their pension entitlement after the company
shut down the final salary scheme, it was claimed yesterday.

MP Vincent Cable accused EMC Corporation of iabandoningi the scheme and said
some workers had lost about 90% of the value of their pension as a result. Those
affected are employees of EMC's British subsidiary, formerly known as Data
General, which was taken over by the group four years ago.

EMC admitted closing down the scheme last year but a spokesman in the US said it
rejected any suggestions that the company had abandoned its British workers. He
said most of the Data General people had joined the ivery goodi pension scheme
already in existence for EMC employees in the UK.

The row comes after the government recently announced proposals to discourage
profitable firms from choosing to wind up their underfunded pension schemes.
Work and pensions secretary Andrew Smith said he wanted to end the iscandali of
workers being denied the pensions they have built up over many years.

At present, solvent employers are allowed to scrap pension schemes provided they
meet a minimum funding requirement o though this does not guarantee the pensions
of those yet to retire. The UK scheme, which had about 700 members, is
understood to have met this requirement.

One employee, who had paid into the scheme for more than 20 years, said:
iCurrent valuations are indicating I will receive a pension of between 5% and
15% of what I would have expected if it had been on target. This will amount to
a pension of between pounds 1,000 and pounds 3,000 a year. Anybody working for a
subsidiary of a foreign company in the UK could find themselves in the same
situation.i

EMC describes itself as ithe world leader in information storage systems,
software, networks and servicesi. Based in Massachusetts, it employs more than
17,000 people worldwide, and has offices in Chertsey, Surrey, central London,
Manchester, Brentford and Livingston.

In July it announced a profits rise and said cash and investments had grown by
Dollars 385m to Dollars 6.1bn (pounds 3.8bn). Liberal Democrat Mr Cable said it
was inconceivable that a company which had reported such a large cash pile was
incapable of funding a relatively small pension scheme to secure the financial
futures of workers.

Mr Cable, the Lib Dem trade and industry spokesman, called on the government to
act to prevent companies closing down schemes and has written to pensions
minister Malcolm Wicks.

In June, the government announced that to discourage solvent companies from
winding up their financially stretched pension schemes, they will have to meet
their pension promise in full.

The EMC spokesman said part of the integration plan was to bring all of its
employees under one scheme. iThat


LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2003 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 17, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Former CFO of Rothstein, Rosenfeldt, and Adler, P.A. Charged with
Conspiracy to Launder Money and to Defraud a Financial Institution

LENGTH: 692  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Wifredo A. Ferrer, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida;
George L. Piro, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI),
Miami Field Office; and José A. Gonzalez, Special Agent in Charge, Internal
Revenue Service, Criminal Investigations (IRS-CI), announce the filing of
charges against Irene Shannon, formerly known as Irene Stay, 50, of Miami, for
conspiring to commit crimes through the operation of the former Fort Lauderdale
law firm of Rothstein, Rosenfeldt, and Adler, P.A. (RRA). The defendant was the
chief financial officer of RRA. In 2009, it was discovered that RRA was being
utilized by its chairman and chief executive officer, Scott W. Rothstein, to
commit a massive Ponzi scheme stemming from the sale of fictitious confidential
settlements.

The information, which was filed earlier today, charges Shannon with conspiracy
to commit money laundering and to defraud a financial institution, in violation
of 18 U.S.C.-371. If convicted, the defendant faces a maximum statutory sentence
of up to five years in prison.

According to the information, Shannon oversaw the accounting functions of RRA,
including the deposits and withdrawals made by RRA and Rothstein at TD Bank and
other financial institutions. In furtherance of the Ponzi scheme, Shannon
transferred hundreds of millions of dollars obtained from investors to pay prior
investors in the scheme and to supplement and support the operation and
activities of RRA, among other purposes. The information further charges that
the defendant was well aware that hundreds of millions of dollars were not being
held in trust accounts for investors, contrary to what those investors had been
told, and that the funds were instead being disbursed to further Rothstein's
fraudulent scheme. The information also charges that the defendant utilized her
position to float checks between and among certain bank accounts maintained by
RRA in a form of bank fraud commonly known as "check kiting."

U.S. Attorney Wifredo A. Ferrer stated, "Once again, the information filed today
reaffirms that Rothstein's massive fraud could not have been the work of one
person. As alleged in the information, Irene Shannon played an important role in
carrying out Rothstein's fraud and concealing it from the investors. Indeed, as
chief financial officer of RRA, Shannon knew hundreds of millions of dollars of
investor funds were not being held in trust accounts and that the funds were
being disbursed to further Rothstein's fraudulent scheme. Shannon is now the
18th accomplice to be held accountable in Rothstein's $1.2 billion Ponzi scheme
."

"Scott Rothstein was the mastermind of a massive Ponzi scheme, but he needed a
trusted agent who knew how to shuffle money to keep the scheme running," said
George L. Piro, Special Agent in Charge, FBI Miami. "Irene Shannon, Rothstein,
Rosenfelt, and Adler's chief financial officer, transferred millions of dollars
and floated innumerable checks in an effort to make it all look legitimate. It
wasn't, and now she will be held accountable."

IRS Special Agent in Charge José A. Gonzalez stated, "As chief financial officer
of Rothstein, Rosenfeldt, and Adler, P.A., Shannon was in a position to conspire
and actively participate with Scott Rothstein in his massive money laundering
scheme. By following the money trail, IRS special agents were able to determine
that Shannon assisted Scott Rothstein by conducting numerous fraudulent
financial transactions designed to deceive investors by creating a facade of
wealth. Today's message serves as a reminder that those who engage in the
deception and financial exploitation of honest investors will be held
accountable for their actions."

Mr. Ferrer commended the investigative efforts of the FBI and IRS-CI. This case
is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Lawrence D. LaVecchio, Paul F.
Schwartz, and Jeffrey N. Kaplan.

An information is only an accusation and a defendant is presumed innocent unless
and until proven guilty.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Muskogee Phoenix (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 4, 2012 Saturday

BRIEF: Woman held in check scheme

BYLINE: Dylan Goforth, Muskogee Phoenix, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 204 words


Feb. 04--Muskogee Police arrested a Tulsa woman Friday in connection with a
fraudulent check scheme, according to a media release from the Muskogee Police
Department.

Cpl. Pedro Zardeneta said police arrested Taisha O'Brien, 25, on complaints of
fraud and second-degree burglary.

At approximately 3:15 p.m., Muskogee police investigators and U.S. Secret
Service agents arrested O'Brien in the area of York and Hancock streets,
Zardeneta said.

The scheme spanned from Oklahoma City to Tulsa to Muskogee and the surrounding
areas, costing victims several thousand dollars, the release states.

Police conducted surveillance before detaining multiple additional suspects
Friday. After being interviewed, all of them were released except O'Brien, who
was booked into the Muskogee County/City Detention Facility.

The arrests were a result of an investigation that has been ongoing for the past
several weeks.

Zardeneta said the investigation is ongoing.

"We expect more charges could be coming," Zardeneta said.

Reach Dylan Goforth at (918) 684-2903 or dgoforth@muskogeephoenix.com

___ (c)2012 the Muskogee Phoenix (Muskogee, Okla.) Visit the Muskogee Phoenix
(Muskogee, Okla.) at muskogeephoenix.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120204-XK-BRF-Woman-held-in-check-scheme-0204-20120204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XK


                        Copyright 2012 Muskogee Phoenix


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 21, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: Former Title Company Employee Heads to Prison in Bank Fraud Conspiracy

LENGTH: 452  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

HOUSTON--Harris County resident Maria Eliza Garza has been ordered to prison
following her conviction in conspiring to defraud seven different Houston-area
banks or more than $2 million in 2007 and 2008, announced United States Attorney
Kenneth Magidson. Garza pleaded guilty Sept. 4, 2013.

Today, U.S. District Judge Lee H. Rosenthal, who accepted the guilty plea,
handed Garza an 18-month sentence to be followed by three years of supervised
release. At the hearing, the court noted that Garza was an important player in
the scheme and further ordered her to pay $2.078 million in restitution.

As outlined in documents filed with the court and admitted by Garza during her
guilty plea, she and a co-conspirator agreed to carry out a check kiting scheme
that targeted seven different financial institutions in the Houston area. While
the co-conspirator allegedly devised the scheme which used multiple bank
accounts held in the name of title companies he controlled, Garza admitted she
assisted by discussing which bank accounts needed money, preparing checks to
sign and depositing signed checks at the banks.

Garza, of Houston, admitted as part of her plea that she helped carry out the
scheme from at least January 2007 through June 2008. To do so, Garza prepared
checks drawn on the title companies' accounts. The co-conspirator signed the
checks and both knew the accounts lacked sufficient funds to cover the checks.
Garza deposited the checks into other accounts controlled by the co-conspirator,
which artificially inflated the account balances. They would then write
additional checks using the artificially inflated balances and deposit them into
either the original issuing account or other accounts controlled by the
co-conspirator.

Garza also admitted she and conducted the scheme to artificially inflate the
account balances and place the funds at her co-conspirator's disposal to use as
interest-free loans and lines of credit. They continued to carry out the scheme
even after three of the banks discovered the kiting activity and shut down the
relevant accounts. When the scheme finally collapsed in June 2008, the total
loss to the affected banks was $2,099,65.72.

Garza was permitted to remain on bond and voluntarily surrender to a U.S. Bureau
of Prisons facility to be determined in the near future.

The investigation was conducted by the FBI with assistance from the Harris
County District Attorney's Office and police departments in Webster and
Friendswood. Assistant U.S. Attorney John Pearson is prosecuting the case.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    SEPTEMBER 22, 1995 Friday FINAL EDITION

BALANCE IS KEY TO OFFENSIVE SCHEME, SAYS RHODES

BYLINE: Frank Fitzpatrick, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 601 words


Their new offense has looked more Rust Belt than West Coast, and Ray Rhodes
admitted yesterday that the Eagles, after just three games, have already
reevaluated the system.

The verdict? It can work as long as the Eagles are able to run the ball as much
as they pass it.

"Coach (Jon) Gruden and I and the rest of the staff have taken a look at what
we're trying to do from a scheme standpoint," Rhodes said. "We know what we
have. We know the scheme is a decent scheme. Now, I'm not going to say it's the
greatest scheme, but it can work, and we will continue to evaluate it.

"I know there's a whole lot of concern about it," Rhodes said. "I hear people
asking, 'Can the West Coast survive on the East Coast?' I think it can. And the
reason I feel that way is that one of the things we're going to do is run the
football a whole lot more than we throw it. Well, maybe not a whole lot more,
but we're going to run the football just as much as we throw it."

The Eagles coach felt the balance the offense displayed in last week's loss to
San Diego was close to what he expects - 31 runs, 38 passes.

"The biggest thing is, I want to keep the balance. I don't want us to solely
depend on run. We're not going to try to live totally on the pass. You've got to
run the ball in this division. You've got to. It's a tough, physical division."

SPECIAL SIGNING. The effort to bolster their feeble special teams continued when
the Eagles signed Steve Hendrickson, a linebacker/fullback who survived seven
years in the NFL primarily because of his reckless play on punts and kickoffs.

"He's a guy that's a gung-ho type player," said Rhodes, still searching for more
of the same. "He flies around and, hopefully, it will be contagious. He's a jack
of all trades. When I was around him before he was a linebacker. Then he goes
and plays fullback. Then a little tight end . . . He's going to bring a little
excitement to special teams."

The 6-foot, 260-pound Hendrickson was released by the Arizona Cardinals on Aug.
22. A product of the University of California, Hendrickson played with the
Chargers, Dallas and San Francisco.

Terms of his one-year contract were not revealed.

To clear roster space, the Eagles placed Greg Jefferson, who underwent
season-ending knee surgery earlier this week, on injured reserve.

ANDERSON GETTING BOOT? The Eagles, unhappy with Gary Anderson's consistently
short kickoffs, are planning to try punter Tom Hutton on kickoffs. But the
change won't come until after Sunday's game against the Raiders in Oakland,
because Hutton needs to concentrate on his directional punting first.

"We're doing some other things with Tom, and we wanted to spend the time with
him getting down what he has to do first," Rhodes said. "Hopefully, at some
point, he might start kicking off for us."

ZORDICH QUESTIONABLE. Don't look for safety Mike Zordich, who pulled a groin
muscle last week, to play much, or even at all, on Sunday. Zordich's status was
downgraded from probable to questionable and Rhodes said he didn't want to risk
the safety getting hurt early in the game. "I'm not going to say if he's up or
down until we see what the doctor says (today)," Rhodes said. . . . The Eagles
are considering standing up defensive end Mike Mamula and having him roam
around, like Pittsburgh's Greg Lloyd, to try to get pressure on Raiders
quarterback Jeff Hostettler. "He's one of the best scrambling quarterbacks we'll
see all year," Rhodes said. . . . With Derrick Oden injured, outside linebacker
Bill Romanowski becomes Kurt Gouveia's backup in the middle for Sunday's game.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: EAGLES NOTES

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 18, 2017 Saturday

Dual Jamaican-U.S. Citizen Sentenced in Connection with Lottery Fraud Scheme
Based in Jamaica

LENGTH: 576  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of Public Affairs Department of Justice has issued the
following news release:



  A dual Jamaican and U.S. citizen charged in connection with the operation of a
Jamaican-based fraudulent lottery scheme was sentenced in Charlotte, North
Carolina, the Department of Justice announced today.









 Felecia Roxanne Lindo, 33, was sentenced to serve 24 months in prison and three
years' supervised release by U.S. District Court Judge Robert J. Conrad Jr. in
Charlotte. Lindo was also ordered to pay $292,900 in restitution.







 Lindo pleaded guilty on Sept. 28, 2016, to one count of conspiracy to commit
wire fraud, in the Western District of North Carolina. As part of her guilty
plea, Lindo acknowledged that from in or about 2011 through at least in or about
September 2012, she was a member of a lottery fraud conspiracy that targeted
victims in the United States.







 "Lottery scammers tied to Jamaica continue to prey on victims in the United
States, promising large winnings in a lottery when in fact the victims are duped
into sending the money to a member of the scheme," said Acting Assistant
Attorney General Chad A. Readler of the Justice Department's Civil Division.
"The Department of Justice is committed to prosecuting those who participate in
international lottery schemes, which often target elderly Americans."







 Lindo was charged on Sept. 20, 2016, with one count of conspiracy to commit
wire fraud. As part of her guilty plea, Lindo acknowledged that victims of the
scheme received a telephone call stating that they had won money in a
sweepstakes or lottery. Victims were instructed to send money for fees or other
expenses in order to release their purported lottery winnings. The victims of
the scheme sent hundreds of thousands of dollars to Lindo, who then forwarded a
portion of the money to Jamaica. Lindo acknowledged there was no lottery, that
there were no winnings, and that she kept some the victims' money for her own
benefit.







 "The prison sentence demonstrates the serious consequences of engaging in fraud
designed to steal from Americans," said U.S. Attorney Jill Westmoreland Rose of
the Western District of North Carolina. "We appreciate the work of the Justice
Department's Consumer Protection Branch in investigating and prosecuting
international lottery scams operating in the Western District."



 "The Postal Inspection Service seeks to end fraud on American citizens, many of
whom are older, by those engaged in international lottery schemes," said
Inspector in Charge David W. Bosch of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service's
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Division. "Today's sentencing demonstrates there are
no safe havens for those who participate in these types of fraud schemes."



 This prosecution is part of the Department of Justice's effort to work with
federal and local law enforcement to combat fraudulent lottery schemes in
Jamaica that prey on U.S. citizens.







 Acting Assistant Attorney General Readler and U.S. Attorney Rose commended the
investigative efforts of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service and the Internal
Revenue Service Criminal Investigation. The case was prosecuted by Trial
Attorney Raquel Toledo of the Civil Division's Consumer Protection Branch with
the assistance of Assistant U.S. Attorney Kelli H. Ferry of the Western District
of North Carolina.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday

MEDIATEK INC. applies for US Patent titled as "Spatial Diversity Scheme in
Communication Systems of Beamforming"

LENGTH: 232 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170054479 for US Patent, published on February 23, 2017, by
MEDIATEK INC., titled as "Spatial Diversity Scheme in Communication Systems of
Beamforming"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Sang; Aimin Justin; (San Diego, CA) ; Yu; Chia-Hao; (Yilan County,
TW) ; Zhang; Yuanyuan; (Beijing, CN) ; Guey; Jiann-Ching; (Hsinchu City, TW)

Applicant: MEDIATEK INC.   Hsinchu    TW

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method of providing spatial diversity for critical data delivery in a beamformed
mmWave smallcell is proposed. The proposed spatial diversity scheme offers
duplicate or incremental data/signal transmission and reception by using
multiple different beams for the same source and destination. The proposed
spatial diversity scheme can be combined with other diversity schemes in time,
frequency, and code, etc. for the same purpose. In addition, the proposed
spatial diversity scheme combines the physical-layer resources associated with
the beams with other resources of the same or different protocol layers. By
spatial signaling repetition to avoid Radio Link Failure (RLF) and Handover
Failure (HOF), mobility robustness can be enhanced. Mission-critical and/or
time-critical data delivery can also be achieved without relying on
retransmission."


LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    SEPTEMBER 18, 2000 Monday SFCITY EDITION

METROPOLITAN AREA NEWS IN BRIEF

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 569 words


SCAM PROMISING THOUSANDS IS

REGION'S BIGGEST SINCE 1987 JIM THORPE, Pa. - Investors expecting an eightfold
return on their investment in a widespread pyramid scheme should expect to get
nothing, law enforcement officials said. Called the World of Giving, the scheme
appears to be the biggest pyramid scam to hit the region since 1987, when more
than 50 people statewide were ordered to pay nearly $150,000 in fines and
restitution.

People taking part in the World of Giving scheme are persuading residents of
Carbon, Northampton and Monroe Counties to part with $2,000 by promising they
will get $16,000 back in just weeks. The scheme is rampant in Jim Thorpe. A
14-page manual promoting World of Giving says it is a "gifting" plan. The manual
quotes the Bible and U.S. tax law to assure would-be participants that it is a
legal way to help other people and themselves.

Michael Butler, Pennsylvania deputy attorney general in Allentown, said the
pyramid scheme is doomed to fail because each new participant is required to
find two more contributors and early participants are paid off with latecomers'
money. Little can be done, authorities said, until people realize their money is
lost. Pyramid schemes are illegal in every state.

GOP GUBERNATORIAL CANDIDATE

GETS 2D CHANCE WITH DONORS WILMINGTON - Having won in a primary so late in the
campaign season, John Burris, Delaware's Republican candidate for governor, has
an uphill fight in the general election. But Delaware campaign law offers an
opportunity for the survivor of a state primary: the candidate can go back to
the original donors and ask them to give campaign money a second time.

The Democratic candidate, Lt. Gov. Ruth Ann Minner, is barred from asking her
donors again because she did not face a primary. Burris already has been favored
by MBNA Corp. Chairman Charles Cawley, at whose behest company executives raised
$147,400 for Burris earlier this year. The credit-card giant is headquartered
here.

As of Aug. 10, the last time the Burris campaign was required to report its
finances, Burris had raised $1.1 million. Minner, who will not be required to
report her finances until October because she did not have a primary, is "on
track" to raise her target of $1.5 million, said Greg Patterson, her campaign
manager.

CEMENTON MAN DRIVES FOR HELP

WITH GUNSHOT WOUND IN CHEST CEMENTON, Pa. - A Lehigh Valley man, allegedly shot
in the chest by his wife, lay bleeding for hours before seeking help by driving
his tractor-trailer truck to a neighbor's home, officials said.

Charles Mensinger, 52, was in serious condition yesterday at St. Luke's Hospital
in Bethlehem, recovering from a gunshot wound. Mensinger's wife, Ruth, fled with
the couple's daughter, Chelsea, 12, after the shooting, Lehigh County District
Attorney James B. Martin said. She may have left Cementon, about seven miles
north of Allentown, to go to Tennessee, Martin said. Warrants that have been
issued charge Ruth Mensinger with attempted criminal homicide, aggravated and
simple assault, and a weapons offense.

Authorities said Ruth Mensinger shot her husband about 8 p.m. Friday. He
apparently lay on the floor for three hours before gaining enough strength to
walk to his truck, which was parked next to the home. He drove it 20 yards down
an alley, then blew its air horn, alerting his neighbor, who got help for him.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           November 10, 2016 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

FRAUD INVESTIGATION;
Three, including two Atlanta-area men, accused of fraud in 'risk-free' scheme

BYLINE: Russell Grantham; Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 341 words


Federal authorities accused two Atlanta-area men and a Myrtle Beach, S.C., man
of defrauding investors of at least $775,000 after promising risk-free returns
of as much as 35 percent a week.

Four investors from metro Atlanta, Florida, Hong Kong and Mexico lost most of
their money in the so-called "prime bank" scheme, according to investigators
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Such promises of high returns with no risk are often a red flag for fraudulent
schemes, according to financial investigators.

In a civil complaint, the SEC asked for an injunction blocking the men from
continuing the alleged scheme and requiring them to pay back investors and pay
civil penalties.

The agency accused Jeffrey D. Smith, 35, of Lithonia; Joseph Carswell, 47, of
Marietta; and Michael W. Fullard, 47, of Myrtle Beach, of operating the
investment business like a personal piggy bank, promising big returns but
quickly paying the cash out to themselves.

The men couldn't immediately be reached for comment. None appears to have ever
held investment adviser or broker licenses, the SEC said.

However, the agency said, Smith and Carswell set up investment businesses that
were never incorporated, variously called Atlanta Capital, Atlantis Capital or
Capital Funding. Fullard acted as a "finder" who convinced a Hong Kong investor
to put $182,000 in the deal. The investor only
recovered$10,000,accordingtotheSEC.

The agency said that between 2013 and 2014, the men told the four investors that
they could "lease" letters of credit or bank guarantees of as much as $10
million for fees ranging from $100,000 to $250,000. The men would then
"monetize" or sell the bank guarantees, invest the money, and pay millions of
dollars to the investors, the SEC said.

But the men apparently never leased any bank guarantees or similar loans,
according to the SEC, and none of the money apparently was ever invested on the
clients' behalf. Instead, they divvied up the "lease" fees among themselves, the
agency said, and investors only recovered a small fraction.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2016 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 2, 2010 Saturday

Chehalis Man Convicted of Fraud and Gun Charges

BYLINE: The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 369 words


Oct. 02--A Chehalis man was convicted of nine federal felony charges Wednesday
in U.S. District Court of Western Washington in Seattle, all stemming from an
attempt to bamboozle Ponzi scheme victims.

Records indicate Kevin W. Williams, 45, hatched a plan in 2007 to pose as a
fraud investigator looking into a $90 million Ponzi scheme based in Atlanta, GA.
His step-mother was a victim of the scheme.

The out-of-work logger sought out victims and attorneys attempting to sell them
bogus information only he had about where the assets were located. No one was
convinced.

Williams with the help of a friend blew up his own mailbox with a homemade bomb,
according to court records, and the two reported the crime to the Lewis County
Sheriff's Office.

All of these efforts were in an attempt to prove he had legitimate information
and wasn't trying to deceive the victims.

Alas, no one bought what Williams was selling even after he nuked his mailbox.
Records show that Williams then sent threatening e-mails to get him to pay for
information. No one paid.

Williams traveled to Atlanta where the trial was being held in a last-ditch
effort to collect money in April 2008. He was arrested by police shortly after
his arrival with guns, ammunition and explosive components in his car.

It was after Williams' arrest that a cohort admitted to law enforcement that the
two had lied to police about the mailbox bomb.

Williams was convicted on all of the counts he was facing: three counts of wire
fraud, extortion, possession of a firearm without a serial number, destruction
of a letter box, two counts of possession of an unregistered firearm (pipe bomb
and zip gun) and making a false official statement.

He faces up to 20 years in prison. Williams' sentencing is scheduled for Dec.
23.

To see more of The Chronicle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chronline.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101002-1CE-Chehalis-Man-Convicted-of-Fraud-and-Gun-Charges-1002-20101002

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2010 The Chronicle


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            January 30, 2007 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Alcoa Australia cold on climate change

BYLINE: Angus Grigg

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 390 words


Alcoa Australia has maintained its opposition to a domestic emissions trading
scheme despite its parent company calling for the introduction of a similar
program in the United States.

As part of the United States Climate Action Partnership, Alcoa Inc, the world's
largest aluminium producer, has called for a trading scheme to be the
cornerstone of any response to climate change.

USCAP, which includes the likes of General Electric, DuPont and Duke Energy, has
urged the US Congress to act swiftly in the fight against global warming.

"US action to implement mandatory measures and incentives for reducing emissions
should not be contingent on simultaneous action by other countries," USCAP said.

But this call for action in the US, which has accelerated since Hurricane
Katrina hit the city of New Orleans in August 2005, has not swayed Alcoa's local
arm.

Alcoa Australia president Wayne Osborn said USCAP was focused on domestic policy
in the US and that locally Alcoa would support only a global scheme that
included all the major polluters.

This support for a "carefully designed" global scheme has led the company to
speak out strongly against the program proposed by the Labor state governments.

In its submission to the National Emissions Trading Taskforce, Alcoa said
premature introduction of such a scheme would increase energy prices, reduce
international competitiveness, and result in a move of energy-intensive
industries offshore.

But Alcoa has found itself more and more isolated among the Australian business
community.

Rio Tinto, the world's biggest miner, supports the domestic scheme and has said
Australia should not wait for a global agreement before taking action.

"Ideally, Rio Tinto favours a global mechanism, or at least broad international
co-operation," the company said in its submission to the National Emissions
Trading Taskforce.

"This should not, however, be used as an excuse for inaction on the domestic
front."

The domestic scheme, which could start as early as 2010, would only be
introduced by the Labor states if the federal government failed to act.

This is looking increasingly unlikely as Prime Minister John Howard has
established his own taskforce to investigate how any scheme might work.

But he has maintained that any trading scheme should not hurt Australia's
competitive advantage in low-cost electricity.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2007 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 October 26, 1991, SATURDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

ERXLEBEN IS LINKED TO 'RIP-OFF' SCHEMES

BYLINE: Compiled by Dan Caesar Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 736 words


Russell Erxleben, one of college football's leading kickers when he was at Texas
in the late 1970s, is under indictment in two Texas counties on felony bad-check
charges, the Houston Chronicle reported Friday.  In a copyright story, the
Chronicle said Erxleben's name has become associated with rip-off investment
schemes, worthless checks and promissory notes and court judgments. He has been
indicted in Dallas and Tarrant counties.  Victims from as far away as California
and Florida have lost millions of dollars in ''can't lose'' deals, bank loans
and other transactions in which Erxleben traded on his name and reputation, the
newspaper said.  He still holds University of Texas records for longest field
goal, 67 yards against Rice in 1977.  FOOTBALL Dye Suggests Boycott Of Newspaper
Auburn coach Pat Dye said Auburn supporters should boycott The Montgomery (Ala.)
Advertiser, which ran allegations of payments to football players in violation
of National Collegiate Athletic Association rules. ''I'm going to do everything
I can do to let them dry up on the vine,'' Dye said on his Thursday night radio
show. ''. . . I wouldn't do one thing that would help The Montgomery Advertiser
make a dime.'' Former St. Louisan Richard Amberg Jr., publisher of the daily
newspaper, said Dye's comments were misdirected and that it appeared the coach
was ''trying to shoot the messenger.'' HORSE RACING Campbell Reaches $100
Million Mark John Campbell became the first driver in harness racing history to
hit $100 million in purses when Armbro Keepsake won the 2-year-old Filly Trot,
the second of eight Breeders Crown races at the Pompano Harness track in Pompano
Beach, Fla. Campbell won three races as he d rove in seven of the eight Crown
events. His purse money of $581,030 boosted his career earnings to $100,360,795.
Miss Easy and King Conch, a 2-year-old trotting colt, set world records.  Miss
Easy won by four lengths in 1 minute 52 seconds, the mark for the mile on a
five-eighths-mile track. She paid $3. King Conch paid $35.20 after winning by 8
1/2 lengths in a 2-year-old trotting colt world-record time of 1:56 2-5.  GOLF
Maggert Leads By 4 Strokes In Houston Jeff Maggert spiced his second successive
7-under-par 65 with an eagle and six birdies and held a four-shot lead after two
rounds of the Independent Insurance Agent Open in suburban Houston. Maggert's
round over his home course gave him a 36-hole tournament record of 14-under-par
130 and a comfortable lead over Duffy Waldorf and Billy Ray Brown. Belleville,
Ill., native Jay Haas, who shot a 64, was at 136 in the PGA Tour event.  Barber
Shares Senior Event Lead Miller Barber overcame a sudden attack of asthma on the
18th hole to save par in a round of 66 and secure a share of the lead in the
Security Pacific Senior Classic in Los Angeles. Barber carried three inhalers
with him and will take medication before today's second round. Dan Morgan, in
search of his first victory in seven years on the Senior PGA Tour, eagled the
11th hole on the way to a 5-under 66 that tied him with Barber, Chi Chi
Rodriguez and John Brodie.  Volvo Tourney Delayed Rain in Sotogrande, Spain,
interrupted the second round of the Volvo Masters, putting off completion of the
round for a day. Mark James leads, at 5 under par.  TENNIS Edberg, Becker Win In
Stockholm Top-seed Stefan Edberg and defending champion Boris Becker advanced to
the semifinals of the Stockholm Open with victories over Americans. Edberg beat
Richie Reneberg 6-3, 2-6, 6-3 in a struggle between two serve-and-volley
players. Becker, ranked No. 2 in the world behind Edberg, beat 1990 U.S.  Open
champion Pete Sampras 7-5, 7-5. Becker meets American Jim Courier, the third
seed, who beat Czech Petr Korda (11) 6-4, 6-4. Next up for Edberg is Aaron
Krickstein, who won when Goran Ivanisevic retired because of a cold with the
unseeded American leading 7-6, 1-0.  Graf Advances In England Top-seeded Steffi
Graf beat Lori McNeil 7-5, 6-2 and advanced to the semifinals of the Midlands
Bank Championship indoor tournament in Brighton, England. But second-seeded
Katerina Maleeva was ousted by unseeded Catarina Lindqvist 6-2, 7-6 (7-3).
Third-seeded Zina Garrison will play Lindqvist in the semifinals after a 6-3,
6-2 victory over Radka Zrubakova. Graf will play fifth-seeded Barbara Paulus,
who advanced when No. 4 Nathalie Tauziat pulled out because of a stomach virus.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO Headshot of (Pat) Dye.

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

USPTO Published Patent application of TeleCommunication Systems, Inc titled as
"Wireless TeleCommunications Location Based Services Scheme Selection"

LENGTH: 279  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140349678, published on November 27, 2014, by TeleCommunication Systems, Inc,
titled as "Wireless TeleCommunications Location Based Services Scheme Selection"
for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Havlark; Arlene; (Seattle, WA) ; Burton; Victor; (Bellevue, WA) ;
Ahrens; John; (Maple Valley, WA)
Assignee: TeleCommunication Systems, Inc.
Annapolis
MD
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
intelligent system for choosing selection schemes to be tried in a predetermined
order for determining the location of a wireless mobile client, including
retrieving a last known position record from a cache, checking serving network
capability, choosing an initial selection scheme according to parameters
including at least the required response time and the requested location method,
including a method employing navigational satellites, attempting to retrieve a
current position record, trying successive untried selection schemes in turn
according to a predetermined algorithm if no current position record has been
retrieved, and returning the current position record and updating the last known
position record, or returning an error if no current position record has been
retrieved, and returning the last known position record if an error has been
returned, the last known position record exists in the cache and the last known
position record has not expired."

The Patent was filed on July 31, 2014 under application No. 20140349678

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Three Convicted in Federal Court for Their Role in a Nationwide
Timeshare Telemarketing Fraud Scheme Targeting the Elderly

LENGTH: 632  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

United States Attorney James L. Santelle of the Eastern District of Wisconsin,
announced today that following a six day jury trial, Jason D. Schultz (age: 31),
and Jessica M. Gilbert (age: 25) of Green Bay, Wisconsin, as well as Jessica
Weinhart (nee Hensen) (age: 31) of Neenah, Wisconsin were convicted of
conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud. The jury further found that they had
engaged in a telemarketing scheme that defrauded at least 10 individuals over
the age of 55 thus subjecting each to enhanced penalties under the "Senior
Citizens Against Marketing Scams" or SCAMS Act. Each faces a maximum term of
imprisonment of 30 years. Sentencing hearings have been scheduled for January
27, 2014, before Chief District Court Judge William C. Griesbach, at the federal
courthouse in Green Bay, Wisconsin.

The evidence presented at trial proved that each of the defendants participated
in a fraudulent timeshare resale telemarketing scheme located in Green Bay,
Wisconsin, which resulted in over three thousand victims in all fifty states and
Canada being defrauded of approximately $2.5 million. The fraudulent scheme
spanned from April 2007 to April 2011, and operated under several different
business entities, including: Integrated Advertising Solutions, National
Timeshare Resales, Administrative Timeshare Resales, and Midwest Timeshares.
Numerous witnesses and victims testified that timeshare owners, most of them
elderly, were contacted by telemarketers and told that "interested buyers" were
prepared to purchase their timeshares in exchange for upfront fees ranging from
a few hundred dollars to a few thousand dollars. After handing over their
payment information, victims received a one page contract which informed them
that they were merely paying for "advertising" on the company's website.
Evidence showed that telemarketers determined the fee amount based solely on the
vulnerability and susceptibility of the victims to their untruthful sales pitch.
Victims that contacted the companies seeking a refund or inquiring about the
status of the sale of their timeshare were repeatedly told lies or given excuses
designed to keep them from contacting their financial institution and stopping
payment to the fraudulent entities. Twelve victims from around the country
ranging in age from sixty-nine to ninety-one testified at trial that they were
guaranteed buyers in exchange for the up-front fee. Several of the victims
testified that they had been defrauded by similar schemes in the past.

Five other individuals previously plead guilty for their participation in the
timeshare resale telemarketing fraud, including the primary figure in the scheme
, Mark S. Parks. All are currently awaiting sentencing.

This case was a joint investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and
the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, with assistance from the Better Business
Bureau, and the Wisconsin Department of Agriculture Trade and Consumer
Protection. This case was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys
Matthew L. Jacobs and Daniel R. Humble.

Over the past decade similar timeshare resale telemarketing schemes have grown
exponentially, due to a glut of timeshare ownership and rising maintenance fees.
Many of these fraudulent schemes are operated by companies based in Florida and
Nevada. Timeshare owners receiving solicitations to sell or advertise their
ownership interests should contact the Federal Trade Commission, United States
Postal Inspection Service, local FBI office, their State's office of consumer
protection, or State Attorney General's office.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           February 8, 2006 Wednesday

BYU students warned about get-rich-quick scheme on Web

BYLINE: Todd Hollingshead , The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS;  Pg. B3

LENGTH: 603 words


PROVO  --  A rash of campus fliers advertising a company that promises a 44
percent return on investment in 12 days is raising eyebrows at Brigham Young
University and Utah's consumer-protection agency.

BYU Marriott School of Management Dean Ned C. Hill sent a mass e-mail last week
to his students warning them to be leery of the offer.

Hill worries the Internet auto-surf company, 12daily Pro, appears to be using a
system too good to be true.

"This and other similar schemes are most likely 'Ponzi schemes,' " Hill writes.
"No true economic investment could promise to yield 44 percent in 12 days."

Ponzi or pyramid schemes are illegal, get-rich-quick ventures that promise high
returns on investments in little time. Early investors are paid off by later
investors. Eventually, the arrangement collapses.

Hill says a clue is to examine the numbers. According to his calculations,
12daily Pro promises compounded interest at roughly 5.6 million percent.

"This is the most ridiculous one I've ever heard of," Hill says. "They seem to
find fertile ground here at BYU."

The company  --  whose Web site says it pays people to search the Internet  --
reportedly has 300,000 members worldwide, some of them BYU students. Dozens of
12daily Pro supporters and participants bombarded the school's campus newspaper
this week with angry letters after a critical article appeared.

Francine Giani, director of the Utah Division of Consumer Protection, has taken
notice of the company as well.

She says her office is "taking very seriously" several inquiries about 12daily
Pro.

"I can neither confirm nor deny that we have an active investigation going on,"
Giani says. "Our caution is that it is critical to do your due diligence before
entering into investments like this."

The parent company of 12daily Pro, LifeClicks LLC, is located in Charlotte, N.C.
Phone messages left Tuesday for LifeClicks administrator Charis Johnson were not
returned.

Noel Talley, a spokeswoman for the North Carolina Attorney General's Office,
notes his state's consumer-protection agency began receiving calls on the
company last week.

"We are looking into LifeClicks LLC, but it's premature to call it an
investigation," Talley says. "We don't have a written complaint about the scheme
, but we are expecting to get some written complaints in."

Consumer-protection agents in Georgia likewise are scrutinizing the company,
says Bill Cloud, a spokesman for the Office of Consumer Affairs in Georgia.

"If it's heaven on earth, so be it," Cloud says. "We have to check these things
very carefully."

In the meantime, Storm Pay, the company that processes payments for 12daily Pro,
reportedly has frozen all the accounts tied to the firm.

KTVX Channel 4 reported Storm Pay CEO Steve Girsky as saying he is complying
with FBI agents and the consumer-protection agencies of Georgia and North
Carolina.

Attempts to reach Girsky on Tuesday were unsuccessful.

Hill says he has heard of "dozens and dozens" of Utahns who have lost money by
participating in the company. A BYU accounting major says his brother lost
$2,500 in the 12daily Pro program.

BYU spokesman Carri Jenkins says the LDS Church-owned university is aware of the
matter, but allowing other professional agencies to look into the details.

"Our concern is that our students not enter something that is going to wipe out
their savings." thollingshead@sltrib.com

Consumer help

*  Consumers wishing to file a complaint can do so with either the Utah Division
of Consumer Protection  --  http:// www.commerce.utah.gov/dcp  --  or North
Carolina's Department of Justice  --  http://www.ncdoj.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Evening Chronicle

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Public Notices

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 166 words


Notice regarding the Volvo Group UK Pension Scheme (the "Pension Scheme") in
relation to Manchester Truck & Bus and Darlington Commercials The Trustees of
the Pension Scheme are currently updating their records in relation to benefits
payable under the Pension Scheme. If you were employed in the Manchester Truck &
Bus or Darlington Commercials businesses and were a Member of the Pension Scheme
or believe you may be entitled to benefits under the Pension Scheme (including,
for example, as a spouse or dependant) please send details of why you believe
you may be entitled to a benefit in writing to the Trustees of the Pension
Scheme, c/o Jennie Polson, Mercer Limited, 4 Brindley Place, Birmingham, B1 2JQ
on or before 28 March 2015. The Trustees will not accept any claim notified to
them after the date stated in this notice. Any individuals who have already been
contacted on behalf of the Trustees about this matter need not respond to this
notice as the Trustees already have their details.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NEC


               Copyright 2015 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             July 8, 2010 Thursday

Prieskorn associate changes plea to guilty

BYLINE: By John Welbes jwelbes@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 334 words


Richard Laho, a key figure in a three-state mortgage fraud scheme that involved
dozens of properties, pleaded guilty Thursday to one count of mail fraud.

Laho, 54, of Buffalo, Minn., worked with Michael Prieskorn, who had fled the
state in 2007 as the scheme started to fall apart. The scheme led to at least
$20 million in losses for mortgage lenders.

Laho pleaded not guilty in February but changed his mind in front of U.S.
District Judge Paul Magnuson on Thursday in St. Paul. As part of his plea deal,
Laho admitted that he helped line up a $690,000 mortgage loan on a property in
Naples, Fla. That scam was similar to dozens of others carried out by Prieskorn
and Laho.

In court Thursday, Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert Lewis said the recommendation
from prosecutors is for a 27- to 33-month prison sentence for Laho. Without the
plea agreement, Laho could have faced 20 years in prison, Judge Magnuson said.

The Naples purchase, as with the others in the scheme, involved recruiting a
"straw buyer," or investor, who received $5,000 to go through the closing posing
as a legitimate buyer. Laho assisted with the deposit of funds into the straw
buyer's bank account to bolster the purchasing power.

Typically in these deals, Prieskorn would collect a fee after the closing from
the loan proceeds. Mortgage payments weren't made, and the properties fell into
foreclosure, damaging the straw buyers' credit ratings.

The scheme, which ran near the height of the housing market in 2006 and 2007,
led to federal charges that focused on 70 properties. Investigators estimated
the total number of properties could be closer to 220. Homes in Minnesota,
Wisconsin and Florida were targeted.

Prieskorn was arrested near Fort Myers, Fla., in late January. He pleaded guilty
in March to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and a second charge for
sending $225,000 generated by the scam to a bank account he controlled.

He faces a maximum prison stay of 11 to 14 years.

John Welbes can be reached at 651-228-2175.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                           February 11, 2016 Thursday
                              Worcester TG Edition

TelexFree creditors can expect some money back, bankruptcy official says

SECTION: NEWS; 10

LENGTH: 681 words



HIGHLIGHT: Creditors of TelexFree gather at Mechanics Hall to hear from Stephen
Darr, the trustee in the case.


WORCESTER -- Victims of pyramid scheme TelexFree Inc. will get back some of
their money, but not all of it, the trustee overseeing the defunct company's
assets said Wednesday.

Stephen B. Darr told people attending a TelexFree bankruptcy hearing at
Mechanics Hall that federal officials have recovered more than $100 million in
assets connected to the former Marlboro business, but that it will not be enough
to fully reimburse all those around the world likely to make claims.

"I don't believe you will get 100 percent of your money back," Mr. Darr said.

Mr. Darr and other officials connected to the TelexFree bankruptcy case spoke
and answered questions for more than an hour before a group of fewer than 100
people during the hearing, which was held at Mechanics Hall because bankruptcy
officials were expecting a bigger crowd.

TelexFree collapsed and filed for bankruptcy in April 2014 amid state and
federal investigations, and an estimated 1.9 million people worldwide may have
participated in it.

The company sold Internet telephone service, but investigators say most of the
$360 million that TelexFree collected from 2012 to 2014 came from people who
paid to promote the business by placing advertisements on websites and
recruiting other participants. A bankruptcy judge has declared TelexFree a
pyramid and Ponzi scheme.

TelexFree principals James M. Merrill and Carlos N. Wanzeler are facing federal
fraud charges in connection with the scheme. Mr. Merrill, an Ashland resident
who has pleaded not guilty, is free on bail awaiting an October trial. Mr.
Wanzeler allegedly fled to his native Brazil.

A class action lawsuit against TelexFree and its principals also is underway,
and bankruptcy trustee Mr. Darr has filed an action to recover money from about
93,000 TelexFree participants worldwide who received more than they paid in to
the scheme.

Some who participated in TelexFree say they lost thousands of dollars and are
anxious to recover what they can. Several came to the bankruptcy hearing
representing other victims. One man traveled from Orlando, Florida.

Javier Guevara of Worcester said he borrowed money to participate in TelexFree,
only to see it close nine days later. Now he is paying interest on the loan and
wondering how much of his money he will recover.

"They say it's going to be a percentage," Mr. Guevara said. "I'd like to know
what it is."

Bankruptcy officials expect to launch an online claims portal about April 1.
TelexFree participants will have at least 90 days to register, check information
about their TelexFree accounts and submit claims, according to Mr. Darr.

Many of the U.S. participants in TelexFree are immigrants, so bankruptcy
officials had Spanish and Portuguese translators on hand for the hearing.
Participants will be able to file claims in Spanish, Portuguese or English.

That process, entirely electronic, gave some people pause because a number of
victims have limited or no access to computers.

"Many people worked through relatives and friends," said Nadine Cohen, managing
attorney of the consumer rights unit at Greater Boston Legal Services. "I'm just
concerned about those people."

Others questioned how complicated it will be to file claims.

"It wasn't a big process to give them money," Sandra Fleuran of Worcester said
of TelexFree. "I don't want a big process to get it out."

Although some participants pushed Wednesday for a longer period to submit
claims, others argued for a quicker process.

At least one factor will delay any payouts. Bankruptcy officials said they do
not expect to pay claims until after Mr. Merrill's trial.

Bankruptcy officials had filed a motion last week to compel Mr. Merrill to
testify at the hearing, but he did not. Robert M. Goldstein, a lawyer for Mr.
Merrill, said in a bankruptcy court filing Monday that if compelled to appear,
Mr. Merrill would invoke his Fifth Amendment right to not answer any questions.


James Merrill of Ashland, right, co-owner of TelexFree Inc., talks with his
lawyer, Robert M. Goldstein, outside U.S. District Court in Worcester after his
arraignment in July 2014. T&G File Photo

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Louisiana: MISSISSIPPI WOMAN, KIM PARISH, PLEADS GUILTY TO DEFRAUDING LOCAL
BUSINESS

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: Baton Rouge


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Louisiana has issued
the following press release:

U.S. Attorney Kenneth A. Polite announced that KIM PARISH, age 50, a resident of
Picayune, Mississippi, pled guilty today to bank fraud and wire fraud.

According to court documents, PARISH worked as an accountant for a New Orleans
information technology services business. For approximately four years, PARISH
defrauded the business through two schemes. The first scheme involved PARISH
issuing more than 200 checks to herself and to "petty cash" by forging the
signature of the business's owner. The second scheme involved PARISH improperly
crediting herself with bonus pay through the business's payroll system. PARISH
took a variety of steps to conceal the schemes and defrauded the business of
approximately $540,201.

PARISH faces up to 30 years imprisonment and up to a $1,000,000 fine for her
bank fraud conviction and up to 20 years imprisonment and up to a $250,000 fine
for her wire fraud conviction. Sentencing is scheduled on January 21, 2015
before U.S. District Judge Sarah S. Vance.

U.S. Attorney Polite praised the work of the Defense Criminal Investigative
Service, the Naval Criminal Investigative Service, and the U.S. Marshals Service
for investigating this matter. Assistant United States Attorney Chandra Menon is
in charge of prosecution.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             May 11, 2013 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Jupiter Farms man charged with running Ponzi scheme

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 261 words

DATELINE: DELRAY BEACH


Leonard Ansill promised potential investors a share of the mortgage profits from
various properties that he owned and controlled, but police say the Jupiter
Farms man was running a $1.1 million Ponzi scheme.

Ansill, 77, was arrested Wednesday on allegations of grand theft and organizing
a scheme to defraud. He remained at the Palm Beach County Jail late Friday on
$70,000 bail.

Delray Beach police began investigating Ansill last June after receiving
complaints of the alleged schemes. One couple told police they started investing
with Ansill in October 2009.

Others said they were led to believe that Ansill owned and controlled various
properties secured by mortgage debts. They were told that, after investing in
the properties, they would receive a portion of the mortgage payments with
interest, police said.

Instead, Ansill paid returns to his investors with their own money, or with
money from subsequent investors, the arrest report said.

To entice investors, Ansill promised higher returns than other properties,
police said. He led the investors to believe he held mortgages on the Comfort
Inn & Suites on West Indiantown Road in Jupiter and the Comfort Inn Suites on
Seacrest Boulevard in Lantana, along with properties in Fort Lauderdale,
Sunrise, Pompano Beach and Miami, police said.

The property owners of the Comfort Inn & Suites told officers they never heard
of Ansill. Property owners in Oakland Park and Sunrise told officers the same
thing.

In all, Ansill defrauded six victims out of $1.12 million, police said.

jwhigham@pbpost.comTwitter: @JuliusWhigham

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Times Higher Education Supplement

                                January 19, 2001

Break The Ice For Newcomers

BYLINE: Carole Keeling and Emma Coe

SECTION: HOW TO...; No.1470; Pg.24

LENGTH: 901 words


WHAT A graduate school at the University of Manchester has found that student
peer mentoring is a huge success

WHY Mentors gain valuable skills and mentees are shown the ropes, say Carole
Keeling and Emma Coe

HOW Peer mentoring is on a roll at Manchester University's biggest graduate
school - science, engineering and medicine (GSSEM), which has 2,500 students.
But it is students mentoring students, rather than staff mentoring students,
that has proved attractive and useful, particularly in helping research
postgraduates who join midway through the academic year or who are from
overseas.

Student mentors act as social ice-breakers by helping newcomers to learn the
ropes, often when the university's induction events have been and gone. Research
students often work in isolation from the main student body. Mentoring can
encapsulate the role of student representative, bringing matters such as
opportunities for teaching demonstration, access to IT, problems with the
working environment, access to the building out-of-hours, and so on, to
departmental boards. Upper-year PhD students conduct most of the mentoring for a
small group of new PhD students. Some MRes students have also had mentors,
generally PhD students who had completed the same masters degree by research
(Mres) course.

Postgraduate peer mentoring was piloted at Manchester in 1997-98. It has since
been refined and extended with the assistance of part-time project officers,
whose brief was to help departments launch their own service. The first stage
was to recruit staff coordinators. One of the first questions that hard-pressed
academics and administrators, fearful of additional paperwork, asked was: "Is
peer mentoring going to help me save time?" Peer mentoring will fizzle out if it
generates more bureaucracy and little else. The coordinator's role is minimal in
comparison with that of the mentors. Once the departmental coordinator has done
the groundwork of publicising and recruiting, the only additional paperwork
generated is a progress report.

Mentoring is about developing key transferable skills. At Manchester, training
was provided in-house by the staff training and development unit, and it was
held to coincide with the start of the new academic year. The event was aimed at
postgraduate mentors, and the bonuses attached to this - to receive
high-standard training in mentoring techniques for free - was one of the main
selling points used to promote the scheme to prospective mentors.

The Manchester experience formed the basis for our publication Setting Up
Peer-mentoring with Postgraduate Research Students, which gives advice on
setting up peer mentoring - ranging from schemes run informally by individual
supervisors to formal department-wide schemes. The book includes an
implementation schedule that lists key events during the peer mentoring cycle.
Although the schedule has been written with the GSSEM in mind, it could be
easily adapted. The report serves two purposes: to keep colleagues informed of
progress and to identify problem areas or examples of good practice. The
schedule lists the events that need to take place during each semester to keep
the scheme working efficiently.

Skills that will boost students' CVs are covered, such as effective
communication, teamworking, time-management and motivation techniques. Mentors
often increase noticeably in confidence as a result of taking part in the
scheme. The expectation is that mentors will apply what they learn to their own
lives, resulting in more productive final-year students as well as happier
mentees.

So, does peer mentoring help research supervisors save time? Initial investment
in time and planning will get the scheme off to a good start. Other spin-offs
will then roll in, such as more productive mentors and improved feedback on
issues facing postgraduate students. At the GSSEM, mentoring is proving good for
supervisors and students alike.

Carole Keeling is education officer, department of postgraduate medicine and
dentistry, at the University of Manchester. Emma Coe pioneered an undergraduate
mentoring scheme in the chemistry department at Manchester. Setting Up
Peer-mentoring with Postgraduate Research Students is published by SRHE/THES and
available from srheoffice@srhe.ac.uk

SETTING UP A PEER MENTORING SCHEME - TEN TIPS

1. Get approval to run the scheme

2. Advertise for and recruit mentors

3. Establish a list of mentors with their email addresses

4. Establish a network of professional support for the mentors

5. Train mentors

6. Assign mentors to mentees

7. Maintain a watching brief over the scheme

8. Assign mentors to new postgraduates who have missed induction

9. Conduct any formal evaluation

10. Celebrate: arrange for mentors to be presented with certificates Quick tips

* Start your mentoring scheme with a small-scale pilot

* Mentoring is not supervising, teaching or counselling - ensure your training
emphasises the difference

* Mid-term dip in commitment by your mentors? Take them out for a drink and a
chat

* Identify champions among administrative or academic staff. Be flexible, let
the scheme develop to suit the department

* Involve your co-ordinators. Keep them informed of feedback

* Set up a mentoring website and up-date it regularly

* Keep mentoring visible on your department's agenda


LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Magazine

                      Copyright 2001 TSL Education Limited


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            BBC Monitoring Kiev Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                          November 18, 2009 Wednesday

Ukrainian, US police bust visa fraud scheme

LENGTH: 258 words


Text of report by Interfax-Ukraine news agency

Kiev, 17 November: US and Ukrainian law-enforcement bodies have busted a scheme
of illegal immigration of Ukrainians to the USA, in which US embassy officials
were involved.

Ukrainian Interior Minister Yuriy Lutsenko told a news conference on 17 November
in Kiev that for the first time a joint operation by US law-enforcement bodies
and the Interior Ministry's main directorate for fighting organized crime was
carried out on 29 October in Ukraine and the USA. As a result, reports about a
possible illegal scheme of issuing US entry visas in Ukraine were received.

The scheme was organized by a Ukrainian national, resident of Ternopil, who
searched for people trying to receive a visa. With the help of a travel agency's
officials, "legends" were devised about the purpose of stay in the USA. The only
condition was a valid Schengen visa.

Representatives of a Kiev travel agency were involved in the scheme. Some 15
people moved abroad illegally.

Lutsenko said that the directorate planted an agent who passed the whole scheme,
which allowed police to solve the crime. Officials from the US embassy in Kiev
were involved in issuing illegal visas.

Lutsenko said that tens of searches were carried out, eight of them in Ukraine.

"The organizers, travel agency employees and several officials of the US embassy
are facing charges," he said.

He added: "We have cleaned up at least one window in one embassy. We will deal
with the others."

Source: Interfax-Ukraine news agency, Kiev, in Russian 1527 gmt 17 Nov 09

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 5, 2014 Tuesday

Grant & Eisenhofer Represents Whistleblowers in Nearly $100 Million Settlement
With Community Health Systems, Resolving Claims that Medicare/Medicaid Payors
Were Bilked by Excessive ER Admissions

LENGTH: 804  words


Washington, D.C.: National Association of College and University Attorneys has
issued the following news release:

Justice Department and multi-state AG settlement resolves alleged scheme of
over-admitting patients at nearly 120 CHS hospitals across 20 states;
whistleblowers include former ER physician in Philadelphia

In a major settlement for alleged health care fraud, law firm Grant & Eisenhofer
P.A., working with the U.S. Justice Department and various states' attorneys
general, has reached an agreement with Community Health Systems (NYSE: CYH) to
resolve whistleblower lawsuits filed under federal and state false claims acts.
The Franklin, Tenn.-based company, one of the nation's largest for-profit
hospital chains, will pay over $97 Million to settle allegations that federal
and state insurance plans were bilked by over-admissions for emergency rooms at
nearly 120 CHS hospitals around the country, including ER facilities in
Philadelphia, Las Vegas, Oklahoma City and elsewhere.

The global settlement resolves allegations in seven qui tam lawsuits brought in
federal courts around the country, including one filed May 2011 in the U.S.
District Court in Nashville: United States ex rel. Doghramji v. Community Health
Systems Inc. Grant & Eisenhofer, along with law firms Cohen Millstein Sellers &
Toll PLLC and Barrett, Johnston, Martin & Garrison LLC, represented three
plaintiff-relators in the case, including Dr. James Doghramji, who served as an
ER physician at Philadelphia's Chestnut Hill Hospital.

The lawsuits alleged that CHS engaged in a scheme to increase revenues by
inappropriately increasing inpatient admissions to its hospitals from emergency
room operations. Investigations revealed that the practice occurred in CHS
hospitals in the following states: Tennessee, Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas,
California, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana,
Mississippi, New Jersey, New Mexico, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania,
South Carolina, Texas and Virginia.  Whistleblowers - who included a number of
former CHS ER staffers in addition to Dr. Doghramji - claimed that their
hospitals routinely admitted patients who should have been released following
their ER visits, and for whom the government's Medicare and Medicaid programs
never should have been billed.

Among the allegations in the 165-page relators' complaint: "To service the high
debt accumulated by an aggressive business strategy of leveraged acquisitions,
CHS embarked on a scheme to increase inpatient admissions from its ERs absent
any corresponding change in the medical needs of the patients... The necessary
and intended result of CHS's wrongful conduct has been a massive number of false
and/or fraudulent claims by CHS hospitals across the country..."

In addition to very specific allegations about hospital practices, the Doghramji
complaint alleged a statistical analysis that pin-pointed inpatient admission
anomalies at over 70 CHS hospitals across the nation.

"The allegations supporting this lawsuit tell the story of a large publicly
traded for-profit hospital chain gobbling up local community hospitals and
running them with an eye toward financing their acquisitions by a scheme to bill
the government for unnecessary medical services," said Reuben Guttman, a
director at Grant & Eisenhofer who heads its Washington, D.C.-based False Claims
Litigation Group.  Traci Buschner, Senior Counsel at G&E, led the case for the
firm.

Mr. Guttman noted the serious patient safety concerns raised by the claims of
this case: "The scheme that these whistleblowers brought to light defrauded the
Medicare system and compromised patient safety by unnecessarily hospitalizing
individuals at CHS hospitals nationwide.  Legitimate patients in need of proper
medical care and attention surely suffered as a result of CHS resources being
directed to tend to individuals who were filling beds solely to run up steep
charges for the parent company."

Dave Garrison, partner at Barrett, Johnston, Martin & Garrison, stated: "Because
of these brave individuals, the federal government has reached a historic
settlement that will help ensure the integrity of Medicare and demonstrate that
no company is above the law."

Grant & Eisenhofer is one of the nation's leading litigation firms, with a major
track record representing whistleblowers in cases involving abuses in the health
care and pharmaceutical industries.   In the last two years, its False Claims
Litigation Group has had unprecedented success representing lead whistleblowers
in the government's $1.6 billion settlement with Abbott (2012); its $1.04
billion settlement with GlaxoSmithKline (2012); its $257 million settlement with
Pfizer (Wyeth) (2013); and its $24.9 million dollar settlement with Amgen
(2013).

For more information please visit: http://www.nacua.org

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

West Des Moines Man Sentenced to 70 Years in Prison for Retail Theft Scheme,
Child Pornography, and Witness Tampering Charges

LENGTH: 845  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Southern District of Iowa has issued
the following news release:



   Iowa, was sentenced by Chief United States District Court Judge John A.
Jarvey to a total of 840



 months, or 70 years, in federal prison for executing a multistate retail theft
scheme, producing



 and possessing child pornography, distributing Xanax to minors, and attempting
to bribe minor



 witnesses to change their trial testimony, announced United States Attorney
Kevin E.





 VanderSchel. Prucha was previously convicted by a Southern District of Iowa
jury on March 1,



 2016, on multiple counts, including conspiracy, mail fraud, production of child
pornography,



 possession of child pornography, distribution of Xanax to persons under the age
of twenty-one,



 and witness tampering. Prucha was ordered to serve a lifetime term of
supervised release to



 follow his release from prison, pay restitution to the business victims, and
$1,900 to the Crime



 Victims' Fund.



 Over the course of a six day jury trial, the government presented evidence
showing



 Prucha was the leader of a retail theft scheme from at least October 2013 until
his arrest on June



 4, 2015. To execute his scheme, Prucha printed UPC bar code stickers, and then
placed the



 stickers on items in stores so they would ring up at a lower price. He then
returned the items to



 stores for their full price, or sold them online through eBay, Craigslist, or
directly to bulk buyers.



 Prucha committed the thefts between Florida and Iowa, where he maintained
separate residences,



 and in Nebraska and Illinois. At trial, witnesses described how Prucha
recruited adults and



 teenagers to place stickers on items, purchase them for the fraudulent price,
and make the returns



 so as to avoid detection himself. At the time Prucha orchestrated and executed
his retail bar



 coding scam, he was on probation for having committed a nearly identical bar
code switching



 scheme in Florida. Prucha admitted to committing the bar code fraud scheme
during his trial



 testimony.



 The evidence at trial also established Prucha used teenage girls to commit
thefts for him,



 and paid the girls to have sex with him using proceeds from the scheme as well
as Xanax. One



 witness testified she committed thefts for Prucha starting as young as fifteen
years old; multiple



 witnesses testified Prucha's nephew also committed thefts for him from an even
younger age. At



 trial, the minor victims testified that Prucha gave them Xanax and money to
have sexual relations



 with him. Prucha filmed three sexually explicit videos of himself engaged in
sexual activity with



 minors. He maintained possession of the videos on his electronic devices and
multiple witnesses



 testified that Prucha showed them the videos. Testimony and Prucha's own
recorded statements



 played at trial, proved he threatened the victims with physical harm when one
victim learned



 about the video of her (which had been taken without her knowledge) and
threatened to tell the



 police.



 A former inmate at the Polk County Jail testified that Prucha directed him to
offer money



 to the minor witnesses for them to sign false affidavits, which would have
contradicted their



 statements and the evidence in the case. Prucha provided the inmate, someone he
knew was a



 convicted sex offender, with personal details about the minor witnesses,
including hand-drawn



 maps to the girls' homes, their telephone numbers, details about their personal
lives, names of



 family members, and the hours and location of their jobs.



 "The evidence in this case showed Bradley Prucha is a dangerous predator who



 manipulated vulnerable teenage girls to commit fraud for him and to have sex
with him by



 providing them Xanax, money and gifts, and through threats, intimidation, and
emotional and



 mental manipulation," said United States Attorney Kevin E. VanderSchel. "The
significant term



 of incarceration Prucha will serve is appropriate and necessary to protect the
public and other



 potential victims."



 At sentencing, Chief United States District Judge John A. Jarvey imposed a
total sentence



 of 840 months. Prucha received the maximum term of imprisonment of five years
as to the



 conspiracy count, 20 years as to six mail fraud counts, 20 years for possession
of child



 pornography, and 10 years for the distribution of Xanax to persons under the
age of twenty-one.



 He additionally was sentenced to 40 years imprisonment on each count of
production of child



 pornography, a consecutive thirty years for committing those offenses while
required to register



 as a sex offender, and 30 years for each of the four counts of witness
tampering.



 This matter was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with
assistance from



 the Asset Protections teams at various retailers, including Barnes & Noble,
Walmart, Toys R Us,



 and Best Buy. The case was prosecuted by the United States Attorney's Office
for the Southern



 District of Iowa.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

West Des Moines Man Sentenced to 70 Years in Prison for Retail Theft Scheme,
Child Pornography, and Witness Tampering Charges

LENGTH: 845  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Southern District of Iowa has issued
the following news release:



   Iowa, was sentenced by Chief United States District Court Judge John A.
Jarvey to a total of 840



 months, or 70 years, in federal prison for executing a multistate retail theft
scheme, producing



 and possessing child pornography, distributing Xanax to minors, and attempting
to bribe minor



 witnesses to change their trial testimony, announced United States Attorney
Kevin E.





 VanderSchel. Prucha was previously convicted by a Southern District of Iowa
jury on March 1,



 2016, on multiple counts, including conspiracy, mail fraud, production of child
pornography,



 possession of child pornography, distribution of Xanax to persons under the age
of twenty-one,



 and witness tampering. Prucha was ordered to serve a lifetime term of
supervised release to



 follow his release from prison, pay restitution to the business victims, and
$1,900 to the Crime



 Victims' Fund.



 Over the course of a six day jury trial, the government presented evidence
showing



 Prucha was the leader of a retail theft scheme from at least October 2013 until
his arrest on June



 4, 2015. To execute his scheme, Prucha printed UPC bar code stickers, and then
placed the



 stickers on items in stores so they would ring up at a lower price. He then
returned the items to



 stores for their full price, or sold them online through eBay, Craigslist, or
directly to bulk buyers.



 Prucha committed the thefts between Florida and Iowa, where he maintained
separate residences,



 and in Nebraska and Illinois. At trial, witnesses described how Prucha
recruited adults and



 teenagers to place stickers on items, purchase them for the fraudulent price,
and make the returns



 so as to avoid detection himself. At the time Prucha orchestrated and executed
his retail bar



 coding scam, he was on probation for having committed a nearly identical bar
code switching



 scheme in Florida. Prucha admitted to committing the bar code fraud scheme
during his trial



 testimony.



 The evidence at trial also established Prucha used teenage girls to commit
thefts for him,



 and paid the girls to have sex with him using proceeds from the scheme as well
as Xanax. One



 witness testified she committed thefts for Prucha starting as young as fifteen
years old; multiple



 witnesses testified Prucha's nephew also committed thefts for him from an even
younger age. At



 trial, the minor victims testified that Prucha gave them Xanax and money to
have sexual relations



 with him. Prucha filmed three sexually explicit videos of himself engaged in
sexual activity with



 minors. He maintained possession of the videos on his electronic devices and
multiple witnesses



 testified that Prucha showed them the videos. Testimony and Prucha's own
recorded statements



 played at trial, proved he threatened the victims with physical harm when one
victim learned



 about the video of her (which had been taken without her knowledge) and
threatened to tell the



 police.



 A former inmate at the Polk County Jail testified that Prucha directed him to
offer money



 to the minor witnesses for them to sign false affidavits, which would have
contradicted their



 statements and the evidence in the case. Prucha provided the inmate, someone he
knew was a



 convicted sex offender, with personal details about the minor witnesses,
including hand-drawn



 maps to the girls' homes, their telephone numbers, details about their personal
lives, names of



 family members, and the hours and location of their jobs.



 "The evidence in this case showed Bradley Prucha is a dangerous predator who



 manipulated vulnerable teenage girls to commit fraud for him and to have sex
with him by



 providing them Xanax, money and gifts, and through threats, intimidation, and
emotional and



 mental manipulation," said United States Attorney Kevin E. VanderSchel. "The
significant term



 of incarceration Prucha will serve is appropriate and necessary to protect the
public and other



 potential victims."



 At sentencing, Chief United States District Judge John A. Jarvey imposed a
total sentence



 of 840 months. Prucha received the maximum term of imprisonment of five years
as to the



 conspiracy count, 20 years as to six mail fraud counts, 20 years for possession
of child



 pornography, and 10 years for the distribution of Xanax to persons under the
age of twenty-one.



 He additionally was sentenced to 40 years imprisonment on each count of
production of child



 pornography, a consecutive thirty years for committing those offenses while
required to register



 as a sex offender, and 30 years for each of the four counts of witness
tampering.



 This matter was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with
assistance from



 the Asset Protections teams at various retailers, including Barnes & Noble,
Walmart, Toys R Us,



 and Best Buy. The case was prosecuted by the United States Attorney's Office
for the Southern



 District of Iowa.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

West Des Moines Man Sentenced to 70 Years in Prison for Retail Theft Scheme,
Child Pornography, and Witness Tampering Charges

LENGTH: 845  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Southern District of Iowa has issued
the following news release:



   Iowa, was sentenced by Chief United States District Court Judge John A.
Jarvey to a total of 840



 months, or 70 years, in federal prison for executing a multistate retail theft
scheme, producing



 and possessing child pornography, distributing Xanax to minors, and attempting
to bribe minor



 witnesses to change their trial testimony, announced United States Attorney
Kevin E.





 VanderSchel. Prucha was previously convicted by a Southern District of Iowa
jury on March 1,



 2016, on multiple counts, including conspiracy, mail fraud, production of child
pornography,



 possession of child pornography, distribution of Xanax to persons under the age
of twenty-one,



 and witness tampering. Prucha was ordered to serve a lifetime term of
supervised release to



 follow his release from prison, pay restitution to the business victims, and
$1,900 to the Crime



 Victims' Fund.



 Over the course of a six day jury trial, the government presented evidence
showing



 Prucha was the leader of a retail theft scheme from at least October 2013 until
his arrest on June



 4, 2015. To execute his scheme, Prucha printed UPC bar code stickers, and then
placed the



 stickers on items in stores so they would ring up at a lower price. He then
returned the items to



 stores for their full price, or sold them online through eBay, Craigslist, or
directly to bulk buyers.



 Prucha committed the thefts between Florida and Iowa, where he maintained
separate residences,



 and in Nebraska and Illinois. At trial, witnesses described how Prucha
recruited adults and



 teenagers to place stickers on items, purchase them for the fraudulent price,
and make the returns



 so as to avoid detection himself. At the time Prucha orchestrated and executed
his retail bar



 coding scam, he was on probation for having committed a nearly identical bar
code switching



 scheme in Florida. Prucha admitted to committing the bar code fraud scheme
during his trial



 testimony.



 The evidence at trial also established Prucha used teenage girls to commit
thefts for him,



 and paid the girls to have sex with him using proceeds from the scheme as well
as Xanax. One



 witness testified she committed thefts for Prucha starting as young as fifteen
years old; multiple



 witnesses testified Prucha's nephew also committed thefts for him from an even
younger age. At



 trial, the minor victims testified that Prucha gave them Xanax and money to
have sexual relations



 with him. Prucha filmed three sexually explicit videos of himself engaged in
sexual activity with



 minors. He maintained possession of the videos on his electronic devices and
multiple witnesses



 testified that Prucha showed them the videos. Testimony and Prucha's own
recorded statements



 played at trial, proved he threatened the victims with physical harm when one
victim learned



 about the video of her (which had been taken without her knowledge) and
threatened to tell the



 police.



 A former inmate at the Polk County Jail testified that Prucha directed him to
offer money



 to the minor witnesses for them to sign false affidavits, which would have
contradicted their



 statements and the evidence in the case. Prucha provided the inmate, someone he
knew was a



 convicted sex offender, with personal details about the minor witnesses,
including hand-drawn



 maps to the girls' homes, their telephone numbers, details about their personal
lives, names of



 family members, and the hours and location of their jobs.



 "The evidence in this case showed Bradley Prucha is a dangerous predator who



 manipulated vulnerable teenage girls to commit fraud for him and to have sex
with him by



 providing them Xanax, money and gifts, and through threats, intimidation, and
emotional and



 mental manipulation," said United States Attorney Kevin E. VanderSchel. "The
significant term



 of incarceration Prucha will serve is appropriate and necessary to protect the
public and other



 potential victims."



 At sentencing, Chief United States District Judge John A. Jarvey imposed a
total sentence



 of 840 months. Prucha received the maximum term of imprisonment of five years
as to the



 conspiracy count, 20 years as to six mail fraud counts, 20 years for possession
of child



 pornography, and 10 years for the distribution of Xanax to persons under the
age of twenty-one.



 He additionally was sentenced to 40 years imprisonment on each count of
production of child



 pornography, a consecutive thirty years for committing those offenses while
required to register



 as a sex offender, and 30 years for each of the four counts of witness
tampering.



 This matter was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with
assistance from



 the Asset Protections teams at various retailers, including Barnes & Noble,
Walmart, Toys R Us,



 and Best Buy. The case was prosecuted by the United States Attorney's Office
for the Southern



 District of Iowa.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

West Des Moines Man Sentenced to 70 Years in Prison for Retail Theft Scheme,
Child Pornography, and Witness Tampering Charges

LENGTH: 845  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Southern District of Iowa has issued
the following news release:



   Iowa, was sentenced by Chief United States District Court Judge John A.
Jarvey to a total of 840



 months, or 70 years, in federal prison for executing a multistate retail theft
scheme, producing



 and possessing child pornography, distributing Xanax to minors, and attempting
to bribe minor



 witnesses to change their trial testimony, announced United States Attorney
Kevin E.





 VanderSchel. Prucha was previously convicted by a Southern District of Iowa
jury on March 1,



 2016, on multiple counts, including conspiracy, mail fraud, production of child
pornography,



 possession of child pornography, distribution of Xanax to persons under the age
of twenty-one,



 and witness tampering. Prucha was ordered to serve a lifetime term of
supervised release to



 follow his release from prison, pay restitution to the business victims, and
$1,900 to the Crime



 Victims' Fund.



 Over the course of a six day jury trial, the government presented evidence
showing



 Prucha was the leader of a retail theft scheme from at least October 2013 until
his arrest on June



 4, 2015. To execute his scheme, Prucha printed UPC bar code stickers, and then
placed the



 stickers on items in stores so they would ring up at a lower price. He then
returned the items to



 stores for their full price, or sold them online through eBay, Craigslist, or
directly to bulk buyers.



 Prucha committed the thefts between Florida and Iowa, where he maintained
separate residences,



 and in Nebraska and Illinois. At trial, witnesses described how Prucha
recruited adults and



 teenagers to place stickers on items, purchase them for the fraudulent price,
and make the returns



 so as to avoid detection himself. At the time Prucha orchestrated and executed
his retail bar



 coding scam, he was on probation for having committed a nearly identical bar
code switching



 scheme in Florida. Prucha admitted to committing the bar code fraud scheme
during his trial



 testimony.



 The evidence at trial also established Prucha used teenage girls to commit
thefts for him,



 and paid the girls to have sex with him using proceeds from the scheme as well
as Xanax. One



 witness testified she committed thefts for Prucha starting as young as fifteen
years old; multiple



 witnesses testified Prucha's nephew also committed thefts for him from an even
younger age. At



 trial, the minor victims testified that Prucha gave them Xanax and money to
have sexual relations



 with him. Prucha filmed three sexually explicit videos of himself engaged in
sexual activity with



 minors. He maintained possession of the videos on his electronic devices and
multiple witnesses



 testified that Prucha showed them the videos. Testimony and Prucha's own
recorded statements



 played at trial, proved he threatened the victims with physical harm when one
victim learned



 about the video of her (which had been taken without her knowledge) and
threatened to tell the



 police.



 A former inmate at the Polk County Jail testified that Prucha directed him to
offer money



 to the minor witnesses for them to sign false affidavits, which would have
contradicted their



 statements and the evidence in the case. Prucha provided the inmate, someone he
knew was a



 convicted sex offender, with personal details about the minor witnesses,
including hand-drawn



 maps to the girls' homes, their telephone numbers, details about their personal
lives, names of



 family members, and the hours and location of their jobs.



 "The evidence in this case showed Bradley Prucha is a dangerous predator who



 manipulated vulnerable teenage girls to commit fraud for him and to have sex
with him by



 providing them Xanax, money and gifts, and through threats, intimidation, and
emotional and



 mental manipulation," said United States Attorney Kevin E. VanderSchel. "The
significant term



 of incarceration Prucha will serve is appropriate and necessary to protect the
public and other



 potential victims."



 At sentencing, Chief United States District Judge John A. Jarvey imposed a
total sentence



 of 840 months. Prucha received the maximum term of imprisonment of five years
as to the



 conspiracy count, 20 years as to six mail fraud counts, 20 years for possession
of child



 pornography, and 10 years for the distribution of Xanax to persons under the
age of twenty-one.



 He additionally was sentenced to 40 years imprisonment on each count of
production of child



 pornography, a consecutive thirty years for committing those offenses while
required to register



 as a sex offender, and 30 years for each of the four counts of witness
tampering.



 This matter was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with
assistance from



 the Asset Protections teams at various retailers, including Barnes & Noble,
Walmart, Toys R Us,



 and Best Buy. The case was prosecuted by the United States Attorney's Office
for the Southern



 District of Iowa.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Bangkok expats hunted in penny-stocks scam

LENGTH: 474  words


Six people appeared in US federal courts on Wednesday in connection with what
American officials are calling one of the biggest international penny stock
frauds ever investigated.

A map showing where call centres and victims involved with a penny stock fraud
scheme rests on a stand before the announcement of the indictment of nine
individuals involved in the scheme in New They were among nine Canadians and
Americans - two of them expats in Thailand - indicted on charges of bilking
investors in about 35 countries of more than $140 million, the US Attorney's
Office for the Eastern District of New York said.

A seventh suspect was arrested in the Canadian province of Ontario, while two
others remain at large.

Those arrested were named as Kolt Curry, 38 and Gregory Ellis, 46, both
Canadians from Ontario; and Americans Gary Kershner, 72, of Arizona, Joseph
Manfredonia, 45, of New Jersey, Cort Poyner, 44, of Florida, and Sonkram Roy
Sahachaisere, 43, and William Seals, 51, both of California.

Still at large were Sandy Winick, 55, and Greg Curry, 63, both Canadians whose
place of residence was given as Bangkok.

"We are currently working with our international partners to seek the
extradition of Winick and Curry,'' US Attorney's Office spokeswoman Zugiel Soto
told AFP.

US Attorney Loretta Lynch, left, speaks to reporters as she announces the
indictment of nine individuals for running an international penny stock fraud
scheme in New York. The scheme involved fraudulently inflating share prices and
trading volumes of certain penny stocks. (Reuters photo)

"The indictment and arrests are the result of one of the largest international
penny stock investigations ever conducted by the Department of Justice and the
Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI),'' with help from foreign police, the US
Attorney's Office said.

According to the indictment against them, the defendants fraudulently "pumped
up'' the share price of worthless penny stocks and then "dumped'' billions of
shares of those stocks by unloading them on unsuspecting investors worldwide.

They also allegedly operated "boiler room'' call centres in at least four
countries that induced penny-stock investors to pay advance fees that the
defendants promised would enable them to sell their stocks and recover losses.
In fact, the fees were stolen.

"I tell you what man ... hitting the Americans would be like taking money from a
baby,'' one of the defendants was heard saying in an FBI wiretap.

If convicted, the nine face up to 20 years in prison for each count of
conspiracy, wire fraud and securities fraud, as well as time behind bars for
impersonating an agent of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), the US tax
collection agency.

Those arrested in the United States appeared in federal courts in New York's
Brooklyn borough as well as in Miami, Los Angeles and Tucson, Arizona.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Bangkok expats hunted in penny-stocks scam

LENGTH: 474  words


Six people appeared in US federal courts on Wednesday in connection with what
American officials are calling one of the biggest international penny stock
frauds ever investigated.

A map showing where call centres and victims involved with a penny stock fraud
scheme rests on a stand before the announcement of the indictment of nine
individuals involved in the scheme in New They were among nine Canadians and
Americans - two of them expats in Thailand - indicted on charges of bilking
investors in about 35 countries of more than $140 million, the US Attorney's
Office for the Eastern District of New York said.

A seventh suspect was arrested in the Canadian province of Ontario, while two
others remain at large.

Those arrested were named as Kolt Curry, 38 and Gregory Ellis, 46, both
Canadians from Ontario; and Americans Gary Kershner, 72, of Arizona, Joseph
Manfredonia, 45, of New Jersey, Cort Poyner, 44, of Florida, and Sonkram Roy
Sahachaisere, 43, and William Seals, 51, both of California.

Still at large were Sandy Winick, 55, and Greg Curry, 63, both Canadians whose
place of residence was given as Bangkok.

"We are currently working with our international partners to seek the
extradition of Winick and Curry,'' US Attorney's Office spokeswoman Zugiel Soto
told AFP.

US Attorney Loretta Lynch, left, speaks to reporters as she announces the
indictment of nine individuals for running an international penny stock fraud
scheme in New York. The scheme involved fraudulently inflating share prices and
trading volumes of certain penny stocks. (Reuters photo)

"The indictment and arrests are the result of one of the largest international
penny stock investigations ever conducted by the Department of Justice and the
Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI),'' with help from foreign police, the US
Attorney's Office said.

According to the indictment against them, the defendants fraudulently "pumped
up'' the share price of worthless penny stocks and then "dumped'' billions of
shares of those stocks by unloading them on unsuspecting investors worldwide.

They also allegedly operated "boiler room'' call centres in at least four
countries that induced penny-stock investors to pay advance fees that the
defendants promised would enable them to sell their stocks and recover losses.
In fact, the fees were stolen.

"I tell you what man ... hitting the Americans would be like taking money from a
baby,'' one of the defendants was heard saying in an FBI wiretap.

If convicted, the nine face up to 20 years in prison for each count of
conspiracy, wire fraud and securities fraud, as well as time behind bars for
impersonating an agent of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), the US tax
collection agency.

Those arrested in the United States appeared in federal courts in New York's
Brooklyn borough as well as in Miami, Los Angeles and Tucson, Arizona.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

Two charged in scam using 'Hamilton,' Adele

BYLINE: By Larry Neumeister The Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; -

LENGTH: 520 words


New York · Two men were charged Friday with operating a Ponzi scheme that
cheated wealthy people who thought they were investing in ticket businesses for
popular shows like an Adele concert and Broadway's "Hamilton."

Joseph Meli, 42, of Manhattan, and Steven Simmons, 48, of Wilton, Conn., were
charged with enticing wealthy individuals in 13 states to invest $81 million in
businesses that would buy large blocks of tickets for major concerts and
musicals.

A criminal complaint said the men instead ran a Ponzi scheme that diverted at
least $51 million to pay off other investors and for their own use. They were
charged with conspiracy, securities fraud and wire fraud.

They were each freed on $1 million bail as U.S. Magistrate Judge James C.
Francis IV rejected a prosecutor's request that they be held without bail.

Simmons declined to comment as he left Manhattan federal court, though his
attorney noted he had no criminal record. Meli's attorneys called the
accusations false.

Deputy U.S. Attorney Joon H. Kim said Meli and Simmons ran Ponzi schemes even as
they pitched backers with legitimate-sounding investments.

"Meli allegedly made up out of whole cloth purported deals to buy Broadway
tickets that he could later sell at a profit," Kim said. "But as alleged, Meli
was just robbing Peter to pay Paul."

William F. Sweeney Jr., head of the FBI's New York office, said the defendants
had joked about their Ponzi scheme, saying it was a "shell game."

"When fraudsters think they're going to get away with scheming investors out of
money, they tend to forget that at some point the money will run out. It's the
way a Ponzi scheme ends," he said.

According to a criminal complaint, the fraud stretched from November 2015
through January and the Ponzi scheme developed as investors demanded their
money.

Meli spent over $200,000 at a luxury car dealership, the complaint said.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Joshua Naftalis had sought to have both men detained
without bail. He said Simmons was a danger to the community because he told an
FBI agent after his arrest he hoped Meli "put two slugs in the back of the
cooperator's head."

Attorney Florian Miedel, representing Simmons, told the magistrate judge that
Simmons had made an "ill-advised, jokey comment" but had no criminal history.

The prosecutor said Meli was a risk to flee, citing a statement heard by
investigators Thursday in which he claimed he was draining his bank account and
had gotten together his passport and valuables. Naftalis said that comment led
investigators to make the arrests Friday, earlier than they had planned.

Michael Bowen, an attorney representing Meli, said his client drained his
account Thursday to pay Bowen's law firm to represent him after learning he was
under investigation. He said Meli also had turned over his passport and
valuables to the law firm for safekeeping.

In a statement, Bowen and attorney Marc Kasowitz said the complaint against Meli
was not true and he will "vigorously defend against the criminal charges."

The Adele concert and "Hamilton" were identified in a civil action brought by
the Securities and Exchange Commission.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

Digest

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 408 words

FLORIDA

Rep. Brown indicted over charity scheme

Rep. Corrine Brown (D-Fla.) and her chief of staff have been indicted on federal
corruption and fraud charges related to her role in an allegedly fraudulent
charity scheme.

In the 24-count indictment released Friday, Brown and her chief of staff, Elias
"Ronnie" Simmons, of Laurel, Md., face charges of conspiracy, mail and wire
fraud, and filing false tax returns.

The pair is accused of participating in a scheme to solicit more than $800,000
in donations for the One Door for Education scholarship fund that were instead
used "for personal and professional benefit," including the use of luxury boxes
at a concert and a football game in the Washington, D.C., area, according to the
Justice Department. The government alleges that despite this cash haul, One Door
distributed only two scholarships totaling $1,200 to cover college expenses.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell said in a statement that Brown and
Simmons used the donations as a "personal slush fund."

Brown and Simmons pleaded not guilty Friday in a Jacksonville, Fla., federal
court, according to the Associated Press.

- Kelsey Snell

EDUCATION

10 more states sue on transgender directive

Ten additional states are suing the Obama administration to stop a directive
that requires schools to allow transgender students to use bathrooms aligned
with their gender identity under the threat of losing federal funding, bringing
the total number of states challenging the guidance to 21.

Nebraska Attorney General Doug Peterson announced the lawsuit, filed in federal
court in that state, Friday afternoon. Nebraska is joined by nine other states:
Arkansas, Kansas, Michigan, Montana, North Dakota, Ohio, South Carolina, South
Dakota and Wyoming.

The Obama administration, via the Education and Justice departments, issued
guidance to schools in May directing them to allow transgender students to use
bathrooms that align with their gender identity.

This is the second lawsuit brought by a group of states over the directive.
Eleven states, along with the Arizona Department of Education, filed a lawsuit
in federal court in Texas two weeks after the guidance was issued, arguing that
the administration had overstepped its authority.

This week, Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton asked the court to allow localities
to ignore the guidance while the case proceeds, hoping to stop it in its tracks
before school starts in the fall.

- Moriah Balingit

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                            March 17, 2007, Saturday
                                  1ST Edition

US 'has answer' to UK pension woes

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 374 words


British workers should be automatically enrolled into workplace pension schemes
which have "longevity insurance" built in, an American expert said yesterday.

Roger Servison, president of Fidelity Brokerage Services Research in Boston,
said an analysis of 30 years of defined contribution (DC) pension fund provision
in the US could help improve pension schemes this side of the Atlantic.

Assets in DC schemes, also known as "money purchase" plans, now greatly exceed
those in defined benefit (DB) funds in the States, where three-quarters of
workers are now covered by a DC scheme.

A huge shift from DB to DC provision is under way in the UK, because scores of
DB funds - usually more generous, because they are based on a worker's final
salary - have closed to new entrants as companies struggle with huge funding
deficits.

These have been racked up due to poorer investment returns and increasing
liabilities resultant from soaring life expectancy.

However, addressing the final day of the National Association of Pension Funds
conference in Edinburgh, Mr Servison said auto-enrolling workers into funds with
a range of added features would bring the benefits of DC plans more in line with
final salary schemes.

People should be auto-enrolled into lifecycle funds - balanced funds designed to
become more conservative as the investor approaches retirement by moving out of
equities and into fixed income investments - with set target retirement dates
for each member, unless they specifically opt out. Auto-enrolment is a hot topic
of debate in the UK, as the Government prepares to introduce an auto-enrolment
pension scheme to boost the number of people saving for retirement.

The National Pensions Saving Scheme, which will be set up by 2012, will target
about ten million people who are not currently saving in a workplace pension.

Servison said contributions into DC schemes should also automatically increase
in line with members' salaries, and that a number of insurance policies could be
incorporated cheaply into the plans.

They could include disability and life insurance, long-term care insurance and
"longevity insurance", a new product introduced in the US that is bought at 65
and guarantees those who survive beyond 85 an income for life.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                               May 5, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Scam bilks $12M from B.C. church's members: Group of Kelowna men investigated in
alleged pyramid scheme

BYLINE: Jeff Lee, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1026  words


A group of Kelowna men is under investigation in connection with a massive U.S.
faith-based Ponzi scheme that cost local church members in the Okanagan
community an estimated $12.2 million.

Sasha Angus, director of enforcement for the B.C. Securities Commission,
confirmed this week that investigators have concluded their investigation, but
he refused to divulge the outcome.

Also this week, a public relations firm contacted The Vancouver Sun to help
ensure the men could tell their side of the story, and put the paper in touch
with Carey Veinotte, a Vancouver lawyer acting for three of the men.

In an interview, Veinotte said he expects the commission to issue a notice of
hearing within a few days alleging that his client and several associates
defrauded investors.

"They believe that my main guy, John Devries, is an alleged fraudster," said
Veinotte, who is representing Devries, his son David Devries, and a Dallas-based
preacher, Reed Grafke.

"[They say] that this will be the commission's opportunity to make a statement
or put the word out on what they call affinity fraud, which is where a fraudster
gets into the middle of a group of people who have something in common, in this
case, their faith or their religion, and burns through their money."

The Canadian case revolves around a massive faith-based investment scheme set up
by a California man, Gregory Setser, that the U.S. Securities Exchange
Commission says was pitched through evangelical churches. The U.S. and Canadian
victims lost more than $160 million US.

Setser, four family members and a German business associate have been on trial
in Dallas, Texas, accused of inventing a huge Ponzi scheme in which early
investors were paid with money invested by later victims.

The scheme, which also drew in well-known Christian televangelists, including
Benny Hinn, who started his ministry in Toronto, ran between 2000 and 2003.

SEC investigators allege Setser and his family members and business associates
set up a company called International Product Investment Corp (IPIC) and pledged
returns of 25 to 50 per cent in three to six months. They built the scheme by
telling investors they were buying into a plan to sell inexpensive foreign
products to major retailers like Home Depot, Costco Wholesale and Pier 1
Imports.

The scheme was targeted at people attending hundreds of evangelical churches in
the U.S. and Canada.

The SEC and FBI investigators say there is no evidence of any import business.

Instead, they say Setser used the money to finance a luxury lifestyle, and
discovered he bought a 33-metre yacht moored in Mexico, private aircraft and a
helicopter, offshore accounts and numerous exotic homes.

By the time the scheme collapsed in November, 2003, thousands of investors in
the U.S. and Canada had lost more than $160 million, the SEC said.

Veinotte said Devries never knew the investment was a Ponzi scheme -- a type of
illegal pyramid named for Charles Ponzi, who duped thousands of Americans into
investing in a postage stamp speculation scheme in the 1920s.

Veinotte said Devries lost $1.2 million US and contributed an additional
$500,000 US to a trust account to reimburse those who also lost money.

There has been no mention in the U.S. of any B.C. connection. It wasn't until
Veinotte contacted The Sun to advise that his client was under investigation
that details came to light.

Veinotte said Devries, 60, now lives in the Turks and Caicos Islands, north of
Haiti, with one son, David, who is also involved. A second son, Steve, lives in
the family house in Peachland but isn't involved, he said. John Devries was in
Europe and couldn't be reached for comment. Veinotte said he was speaking on his
behalf because they had been told by the BCSC that a notice of hearing charging
his client with illegal investment activities "is imminent."

Members of the Kelowna church and its congregation could also not be reached for
comment.

Angus, of the B.C. Securities Commission, would not talk about the case or say
when a notice of hearing would be issued, but he confirmed his office was
involved.

"We have conducted an investigation of the matter. We are taking the steps we
think are necessary in the public's interest," he said.

Veinotte said Devries is a member of the New Life Church in Kelowna.

He said Devries set up a company called Amber Enterprises Ltd. that introduced
600 people around North America to IPIC. Of those, about 80 individuals or
families are connected to the Kelowna-based church.

Veinotte said the Amber investors raised $30 million US and that Devries had met
Setser numerous times to investigate whether the proposal was legitimate. He
said IPIC began making investment returns to Amber. But when the payments began
to slow in the summer of 2003, Devries grew suspicious and halted further
investments, he said.

Devries then flew to California with securities lawyers to meet with Setser. He
insisted on putting liens on whatever they could, Veinotte said, and obtained a
promissory note from Setser.

"Setser paid $4 million of what he owed and by the beginning of the fall of 2003
the Amber investors thought they were fairly okay," Veinotte said. "They weren't
giving him any more money, and they felt they had turned the corner. But in
November, the SEC kicked in the door of IPIC and that was it."

Ultimately, the U.S. and Canadian Amber investors suffered a net loss of $11
million US, Veinotte said.

"Some people made money. Some people got off the merry-go-round before the music
stopped," the lawyer said.

Devries provided 17,000 pages of documents to the U.S. Securities Exchange
Commission and cooperated with their investigation, he said, adding he also
provided most of the same documents to the B.C. Securities Commission.

Mike Quilling, one of two Dallas-based court-appointed lawyers overseeing one of
two recovery trusts, said Amber Enterprises Ltd., which he said is probably
Devries, gave him a cheque for $435,000 US, some of the proceeds of his
investment. The so-called Amber Trust also received nearly $6,000 from another
investor.

jefflee@png.canwest.com

This story can be heard online after 10:30 a.m. today at
www.vancouversun.com/readaloud.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Brian Sprout/Special to the Sun; Members of Kelowna's New Life
Church were among those who invested in Amber Interprises and lost money.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

After WTO shock, Centre set to subsidise home, foreign solar power projects

BYLINE: Sumit Jha, Banikinkar Pattanayak

LENGTH: 566  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


After losing a case to the US at the World Trade Organization for favouring
local manufacturers in its solar power programme, India is finalising a scheme
to subsidise both domestic and foreign companies that will manufacture in the
country, without running contrary to the WTO rules.

The ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE) has prepared a draft Cabinet
note of the scheme for inter-ministerial consultation. "We have decided to
support domestic manufacturing through direct subsidy in the form of either
interest subvention or cheaper land bank to be made available to companies that
want to make in India," Santosh Vaidya, joint secretary at the MNRE, told FE.

The draft scheme will be placed before the Cabinet for approval after the
consultation process gets over. Once approved, companies like US-based
FirstSolar or China's Trina Solar will be able to reap the same benefits as any
domestic company.

The draft scheme will be examined by the commerce ministry to see if it complies
with the WTO norms, said a senior official. "While we intend to comply with the
WTO ruling, we will vigorously pursue our case against the violation of WTO
provisions by certain US states in their own solar programmes," he added.

In a bid to promote local manufacturing, the government had mandated that a
certain portion of capacity addition be reserved for domestically sourced
modules under the national solar mission. The companies that use such modules
are eligible for participating in the tariff-based bidding process.

In 2013, the US filed a complaint before the WTO, arguing that the domestic
content requirement imposed under India's solar programme violates global
trading rules by unfavourably discriminating against imported solar cells and
modules. In February this year, a WTO panel ruled that by imposing the domestic
content requirement India had violated its national treatment obligation.
Earlier this month, India lost an appeal at the WTO against the February ruling.
Since the appeal ruling is final, India is now supposed to bring domestic laws
into compliance with the WTO norms.

US solar exports to India have fallen by more than 90% since India brought in
the rules, the US is learnt to have claimed.

The US move prompted India to point at violations of some of the WTO provisions
by the US in the latter's own renewable energy sector. Accordingly, India this
month filed a complaint against the US at the WTO, arguing the states of
Washington, California, Montana, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Michigan, Delaware
and Minnesota support their renewables sector with illegal subsidies and
domestic content requirements.

Analysts have said the attraction of India being a lucrative market for global
solar power players is at the heart of the trade disputes between the two
countries. India aims to sharply raise its solar power capacity to 100 gigawatt
(GW) by 2022 from just 8.1 GW as of June this year.

The country currently has an operational cell manufacturing capacity of only
about 600 megawatt (MW), but a pipeline of around 1,800 MW of domestic content
requirement (DCR) projects has already been built, Bridge to India, a renewable
consultancy firm said in its report.

However, despite the proposed incentives, domestic manufacturers will have a
tough task ahead competing, as the supply glut from Chinese manufacturers have
driven down prices drastically in the last few months.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            February 3, 2017 Friday

U.S. Man Residing in Costa Rica Pleads Guilty for Role in Two Separate
Multi-Million Dollar Fraud Schemes

LENGTH: 655  words


Defendant Charged in Connection with $10 Million Offshore Sweepstakes Fraud
Ploy,

$2.5 Million High-Yield Investment Scheme

A U.S. man residing in Costa Rica pleaded guilty today for his role in two
separate schemes.  One scheme was a $10 million sweepstakes scheme that targeted
elderly U.S. residents, and the other was a $2.5 million high-yield investment
fraud scheme, announced Acting Assistant Attorney General Kenneth A. Blanco of
the Justice Departments Criminal Division and U.S. Attorney Jill Westmoreland
Rose of the Western District of North Carolina.

Kristian Francis Sierp, 45, formerly of Boca Raton, Florida, pleaded guilty in
two cases before U.S. Magistrate Judge David S. Cayer of the Western District of
North Carolina.  Sentencing is set for June 19 before Chief U.S. District Judge
Frank D. Whitney of the Western District of North Carolina.

In the first case, which charged Sierp with participating in a $10 million
telemarketing sweepstakes scheme, Sierp pleaded guilty to one count of
conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud, one count of mail fraud and one count
of conspiracy to commit money laundering.

As part of his guilty plea, Sierp admitted that from approximately January 2011
through September 2015, he worked in various illegal Costa Rican call centers
belonging to co-conspirator Elliot Rosenberg, where they placed telephone calls
to U.S. residents, falsely informing them that they had won a substantial cash
prize in a sweepstakes.  The victims, many of whom were elderly, were told that
in order to receive the prize, they had to pay for a purported refundable
insurance fee, Sierp admitted.  Sierp further admitted that after he received
victims money for an initial fee, he would contact the victims again to demand
additional purported fees to cover even larger promised prizes.

Sierp further admitted that he and his co-conspirators continued their attempts
to collect additional money from a victim until that victim either ran out of
money or discovered the fraudulent nature of the scheme.  To further their fraud
and mask that they were calling from Costa Rica, Sierp and his co-conspirators
often falsely claimed that they were calling on behalf of a U.S. federal agency
and utilized voice over internet protocol (VoIP) phones that displayed a 202
area code, giving the false impression that they were calling from Washington,
D.C., he admitted.

In the second case, which charged Sierp with engaging in a high-yield investment
fraud scheme, Sierp pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit mail and
wire fraud.

As part of his guilty plea in this case, Sierp admitted that he worked with
co-conspirators since at least January 2016 to sell stock in Niyato Industries
Inc., a Nevada corporation purportedly operated from Charlotte.  Sierp admitted
that he and his co-conspirators falsely marketed Niyato as a manufacturer of
compressed natural gas (CNG) automobiles and a distributor of CNG fuel that had
patented technology, valuable contracts and high-profile executives.

Sierp also admitted that he and his co-conspirators falsely sold investors on a
promise that Niyato was planning an imminent stock IPO that would reap pre-IPO
investors a tenfold return on their investments.  In truth, Sierp admitted, he
and his co-conspirators knew that Niyato had no facilities, products, patents or
plans for an imminent IPO, but rather was merely a vehicle for inducing investor
funds.  Sierp further admitted that he made all investor sales using a fake name
from a telemarketing call center that he owned and operated in Costa Rica.

The U.S. Postal Inspection Service, FBI, Internal Revenue Service Criminal
Investigation, Federal Trade Commission and Department of Homeland Securitys
Homeland Security Investigations investigated the cases.  Trial Attorneys
William Bowne and Gustav Eyler of the Criminal Divisions Fraud Section are
prosecuting the cases. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2017 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 2, 2015 Saturday

Investigation into cheating scheme at EPISD continues

BYLINE: Lindsey Anderson, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 777 words


May 02--A law enforcement official says the investigation into the El Paso
Independent School District cheating scheme is still open, more than four years
after it began.

The federal investigation into EPISD administrators artificially inflating
student test scores began in December 2010. Two former administrators have been
sentenced for their roles in the scheme, but other alleged co-conspirators have
not been charged.

"The investigation of cheating at the school district continues," Daryl Fields,
spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office in the Western District of Texas, said
in an email. "We do not believe offenses under investigation are foreclosed by
statute of limitations. We have no further comment on the matter at this time."

Most federal fraud offenses have a five-year statute of limitations, meaning
authorities have five years to charge the offender with fraud after the crime is
committed, said University of Houston Law Center assistant professor David Kwok.

Conspiracy to commit fraud is a bit trickier, Kwok said.

Both the two former EPISD administrators sentenced in the cheating scheme were
charged with conspiracy.

Former Superintendent Lorenzo García served about 2 1/2 years in prison after
being convicted of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud. Former
administrator Myrna Gamboa was sentenced to five years' probation after pleading
guilty to conspiracy to defraud the United States.

The five-year statute of limitations for conspiracy to commit fraud starts at
the last act of fraud, University of Texas at Austin School of Law professor
Susan Klein said.

If administrators agreed to commit fraud just on Feb. 23, 2010 or April 26, 2010
-- the days Garcia sent testing materials or ordered them to be sent and
delivered -- then the five-year statute of limitations may have ended, Kwok
said. But if the conspiracy was ongoing, the statute of limitations may not have
expired, he said.

"If the conspiracy was something more...then whatever last act has occurred in
the conspiracy will keep the statute of limitations from ending," Kwok said.

He noted the investigation into the scheme is "on the longer side," but it's not
an unheard of duration for fraud investigations.

The length of the investigation depends on the depth of the conspiracy and how
aggressively the government is pursuing defendants, Kwok said.

Most federal fraud is related to Medicare or defense contractors, he said.

"This is not your standard fraud," he said of the EPISD scheme.

Under the scheme, some students were held back or promoted so they would not
take the state standardized test in 10th grade, artificially inflating the
EPISD's test scores to meet federal accountability standards. Most students
whose transcripts were altered were "limited-English proficient," according to
the charging document to which Gamboa pleaded guilty, called an information.

Students were also discouraged from enrolling in school or denied admittance
outright, according to the document.

Bowie High School counselor Patricia Scott discovered in the summer 2009 that 77
sophomores' transcripts had been altered. She showed them to a supervisor, who
did nothing, then to García, the Times previously reported.

The EPISD launched an internal audit, but officials did not make it public and
denied wrongdoing. The El Paso Times uncovered the audit in April 2012 after
filing a public records request.

In June 2012, García pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy to commit mail
fraud and to steering a $450,000 no-bid contract to one of his mistresses.

The information to which Gamboa pleaded guilty lists two high-ranking former
administrators -- Damon Murphy and James Anderson -- as co-conspirators in the
scheme.

Murphy was a former assistant superintendent for priority schools. He became
superintendent of Canutillo Independent School District in 2010, before
resigning in December 2012 after an internal investigation found potential
cheating there.

Anderson was the former EPISD associate superintendent for secondary schools. He
resigned in April 2013.

Murphy and Anderson have not been charged. Both have denied wrongdoing in
interviews with the El Paso Times.

At Gamboa's sentencing in January, Debra Kanof, senior litigation counsel in the
U.S. Attorney's Office in El Paso, declined to say whether charges against
Murphy, Anderson or other administrators are pending.

"It takes a long time to complete these cases," she said. "We're very aware of
deadlines, and we work with them."

Lindsey Anderson may be reached at 546-6345.

___ (c)2015 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150502-EY-Investigation-into-cheating-scheme
-at-EPISD-continues-0502-20150502

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2015 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                       October 27, 2002 Sunday F1 EDITION

Nationwide pyramid scheme aimed at women reaches state

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 395 words


Q The other day I overheard a couple of women talking about a "dinner party" for
women only. Evidently women attend this party and then are talked into giving
$5,000 with promises that they can get $40,000 back. Isn't this a scam? L.H. San
Jose

A It's a nationwide pyramid scheme that has spread to California. A few months
ago, law enforcement agencies in Northern California issued a warning about the
scheme called "Women Helping Women."

Law enforcement agents said a woman pays upfront, with the promise she will reap
a large return once other women have joined and she rises to the top (a.k.a. the
"dessert level" or "birthday girl").

When the scheme collapses, all on the bottom are out money. A couple of weeks
ago, the Sacramento County Sheriff's Department arrested four women who were
allegedly coordinating the scheme there. Detectives claimed more than $12
million had been collected, distributed or pledged just in the Sacramento area.
If anyone approaches you, contact the local police department. San Jose police
said they are unaware of the scheme in this area.

Tip: smoke alarms

The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission estimates that 16 million homes have
smoke alarms that do not work because the batteries are dead or missing. The
safety commission said the best time to do an annual check of smoke alarms is
when daylight-saving time ends -- today.

Batteries should be changed once a year, and even if the batteries are still
working, the agency suggests changing the batteries in smoke alarms. Safety
commission chairman Hal Stratton in a press release suggested monthly testing of
smoke alarms to make sure they're working properly.

The agency said that 90 percent of the households in the U.S. have smoke alarms
installed, but 20 percent (16 million) don't work.

Need help? Here is how to reach us:

* Mail: Action Line, San Jose Mercury News, 750 Ridder Park Drive, San Jose,
Calif. 95190

* E-mail: actionline@sjmercury.com

* On the Web: www.bayarea. com/mld/bayarea/news/columnists/ action-line/

* Phone: (888) 688-6400. (This toll-free number also has answers to dozens of
commonly asked questions.)

* Fax: (408) 288-8060

Please include full name, address and phone number. Do not send original
documents. Action Line regrets that because of the volume of requests, we cannot
respond to all queries.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                      October 27, 2002 Sunday MO1 EDITION

Nationwide pyramid scheme aimed at women reaches state

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 395 words


Q The other day I overheard a couple of women talking about a "dinner party" for
women only. Evidently women attend this party and then are talked into giving
$5,000 with promises that they can get $40,000 back. Isn't this a scam? L.H. San
Jose

A It's a nationwide pyramid scheme that has spread to California. A few months
ago, law enforcement agencies in Northern California issued a warning about the
scheme called "Women Helping Women."

Law enforcement agents said a woman pays upfront, with the promise she will reap
a large return once other women have joined and she rises to the top (a.k.a. the
"dessert level" or "birthday girl").

When the scheme collapses, all on the bottom are out money. A couple of weeks
ago, the Sacramento County Sheriff's Department arrested four women who were
allegedly coordinating the scheme there. Detectives claimed more than $12
million had been collected, distributed or pledged just in the Sacramento area.
If anyone approaches you, contact the local police department. San Jose police
said they are unaware of the scheme in this area.

Tip: smoke alarms

The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission estimates that 16 million homes have
smoke alarms that do not work because the batteries are dead or missing. The
safety commission said the best time to do an annual check of smoke alarms is
when daylight-saving time ends -- today.

Batteries should be changed once a year, and even if the batteries are still
working, the agency suggests changing the batteries in smoke alarms. Safety
commission chairman Hal Stratton in a press release suggested monthly testing of
smoke alarms to make sure they're working properly.

The agency said that 90 percent of the households in the U.S. have smoke alarms
installed, but 20 percent (16 million) don't work.

Need help? Here is how to reach us:

* Mail: Action Line, San Jose Mercury News, 750 Ridder Park Drive, San Jose,
Calif. 95190

* E-mail: actionline@sjmercury.com

* On the Web: www.bayarea. com/mld/bayarea/news/columnists/ action-line/

* Phone: (888) 688-6400. (This toll-free number also has answers to dozens of
commonly asked questions.)

* Fax: (408) 288-8060

Please include full name, address and phone number. Do not send original
documents. Action Line regrets that because of the volume of requests, we cannot
respond to all queries.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               September 16, 1992, WEDNESDAY, THREE STAR Edition

BANKING SCHEMES ELUDED CIA, INVESTIGATOR SAYS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 451 words


ATLANTA - The CIA was unaware that the Atlanta branch of an Italian bank was
secretly lending billions of dollars to Iraq for military purposes, a federal
investigator testified Tuesday.  Arthur Wade Jr., an investigator for the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, said in U.S. District Court that it was h is office's
investigation that uncovered the scheme by Atlanta officials of the Banca
Nazionale del Lavoro.  ''The intelligence community did not know,'' Wade said.
''We were the ones who uncovered it.'' Wade testified on the second day of the
sentencing hearing for Christopher Drogoul, former manager of the Atlanta branch
of the Italian bank. Drogoul pleaded guilty in June to 60 fraud and other felony
counts in connection with a scheme to lend $5.5 billion to Iraq.  U.S. District
Judge Marvin Shoob asked Wade whether the intelligence-gatherers could have
understood the scheme. Wade replied that the CIA had told him that the agency
was unaware of it.  Wade testified one day after Rep. Henry B. Gozalez, D-Texas,
chairman of the House Banking Committee, said he had CIA documents showing that
the agency's intelligence reports had mentioned the scheme.  Drogoul kept
lending even after learning that the money was being diverted to Iraq's armed
forces, Wade said. Wade said also that Drogoul had made one loan to Iraq after
bank officials in Rome had issued an order barring more loans to the country.
Wade testified that Drogoul authorized and concealed the huge loans for Iraq
starting in the mid-1980s until his office was raided in mid-1989, and that
Drogoul charged Baghdad interest as low as 0.3 percent a year. Drogoul could get
a maximum penalty of 390 years in prison and $17.5 million in fines and be
ordered to pay $1.8 billion in restitution.  His attorney, Bobby Lee Cook, is
seeking leniency, arguing that Drogoul was the victim of ''the mother of all
cover-ups'' and that top bank executives in Rome and high-ranking officials of
President George Bush's administration were aware of Drogoul's actions.  Cook
said he would show that government officials, including then-Secretary of State
James A. Baker III, supported a policy of extending aid to Iraq even as the
Atlanta office was being investigated.  U.S. prosecutors have urged a heavy
prison sentence, saying Drogoul was the key organizer of the loan scandal, which
helped fuel Iraq's military buildup before its invasion of Kuwait in August
1990.  But Shoob said Monday that he found it ''difficult to believe'' that
Drogoul was the mastermind in the scandal. He also complained to U.S.  Assistant
Attorney Gale McKenzie that he believed he had been ''misled'' by the government
in some aspects of the case.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 21, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Former Hutton Manager Loses Suit Against Bell

BYLINE: By JAMES STERNGOLD

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 480 words


A Federal jury yesterday rejected a suit by a former E.F. Hutton branch manager
who had contended that Griffin B. Bell, the former Attorney General, defamed him
in a report on an illegal check-kiting scheme in which Hutton engaged.

The six-member jury took less than a day to arrive at its unanimous verdict,
rejecting the civil suit filed by John M. Pearce, the former Hutton manager. The
suit was heard in Federal District Court in Washington, and yesterday's verdict
was read shortly after noon, concluding a three-week trial.

Mr. Bell, now a lawyer in private practice, was hired by E.F. Hutton & Company
in 1985 to investigate who was responsible for the check-kiting scheme. In this
scheme, Hutton's branches overdrew their bank accounts by many millions of
dollars in an orchestrated effort that effectively created interest-free loans
to Hutton and defrauded the banks. Hutton pleaded guilty to 2,000 felony counts
related to the scheme in May 1985, but no one at the firm was charged.

Senior Executives Exonerated

In his report, which he spent three months preparing, Mr. Bell laid most of the
blame for the illegal overdrafts at the feet of six managers of Hutton branches.
He largely exonerated Hutton's senior executives from direct responsibility for
the scheme, which took place from 1980 to 1982.

Mr. Pearce was one of the six Mr. Bell singled out. He had been manager of a
Hutton branch in Bethesda, Md., and later at a branch in St. Louis. Mr. Pearce
resigned from Hutton shortly after Mr. Bell delivered his report in September
1985 and now owns a company in Sarasota, Fla., that deals in fire-safety
equipment.

Mr. Pearce maintained that the illegal overdrafts had been authorized and
monitored by Hutton officials at the firm's New York headquarters.

In his suit, Mr. Pearce contended that Mr. Bell had defamed him in 11 specific
statements, 8 in his report on the overdrafts and 3 in a news conference at
which Mr. Bell described his findings.

No Negligence Proved

In its verdict, the jury decided against Mr. Pearce in all aspects of the suit -
finding that Mr. Pearce had not proved that Mr. Bell's comments were false,
defamatory or negligent.

Neither Mr. Bell nor Mr. Pearce could be reached for comment late yesterday. Mr.
Bell's lawyer, Earl Silbert, said he would have no comment on the verdict. Mr.
Pearce's attorney, Stephen Milliken, could not be reached.

The suit had been watched closely by lawyers. Mr. Bell was acting for Hutton as
a special outside counsel, a growing business for some lawyers. Had Mr. Pearce
succeeded in his suit - in which he sought $10 million - it could have dampened
interest in this business, lawyers had said.

Although he won the case, Mr. Bell had to bear the costs of the suit, several
hundred thousand dollars. Mr. Bell's law firm, King & Spalding, had been paid
$2.5 million by Hutton.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                            April 11, 2002, Thursday

BEGGARS TO KEEP CASH;
 PLAN TO SEIZE MONEY SCRAPPED

BYLINE: Steve Swingler

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1,2

LENGTH: 405 words


PLANS to seize beggars' cash and give it to charity as part of a new gettough
policy have been shelved, the Evening Mail can reveal today. Police won
widespread praise when they announced proposals to confiscate money collected
from passers-by and give it to a good cause.

But now the force's muchtrumpeted move has been dropped by senior officers who
claim to have run into legal and practical difficulties - even though similar
cash confiscations are done in Manchester.

News of the abandonment comes just days after business leaders demanded tougher
action, claiming Birmingham's image as an international city was being harmed by
the beggars.

Police today denied that dropping the scheme, which would have seen the beggars'
money passed on to homeless charities, was a softening of the hard line approach
they announced in December.

Insp Andy Saddler, based at Steelhouse Lane, said: 'We are still arresting
people for begging most days and our action against the problem remains
vigorous.

'But there were complications with the confiscation plan and we now prefer a
different approach called an 'alternative giving scheme'.'

He said the scheme involved setting up 'help points' where members of the public
wanting to give to beggars could make donations instead of handing cash directly
to those asking for it.

The money would go to organisations helping street people while homeless beggars
could go to the same 'help points' to get information on how to receive support.

Insp Saddler added: 'We need to stop people giving money directly to the beggars
so they have no reason to be in the city asking for cash.

'Once this alternative scheme is up and running we need to get the message
across that the help points are where to go to make a donation. 'Beggars will
also be able to get help under the scheme. This way everyone wins.'

Insp Saddler said police were working closely with the city council and hoped to
launch the alternative giving scheme next month.

Charles Smith, a director of Birmingham Forward which represents 250 city firms,
welcomed the latest idea.

Mr Smith, who last week led calls for tougher action, said: 'The alternative
giving scheme is a nice idea because it brings the beggars, many of whom have
mental health and drug problems, closer to the charities set up to help them.

'But it remains to be seen whether it actually stops people begging.'

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2002 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                            April 11, 2002, Thursday

CASH GRAB BLOW;
 PLAN TO SEIZE BEGGAR MONEY SCRAPPED

BYLINE: Steve Swingler

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1,2

LENGTH: 404 words


PLANS to seize beggars' cash and give it to charity as part of a new gettough
policy have been shelved, the Evening Mail can reveal today.

Police won widespread praise when they announced proposals to confiscate money
collected from passers-by and give it to a good cause.

But now the force's much-trumpeted move has been dropped by senior officers who
claim to have run into legal and practical difficulties - even though similar
cash confiscations are done in Manchester.

News of the abandonment comes just days after business leaders demanded tougher
action, claiming Birmingham's image as an international city was being harmed by
the beggars.

Police today denied that dropping the scheme, which would have seen the beggars'
money passed on to homeless charities, was a softening of the hard line approach
they announced in December. Insp Andy Saddler, based at Steelhouse Lane, said:
'We are still arresting people for begging most days and our action against the
problem remains vigorous.

'But there were complications with the confiscation plan and we now prefer a
different approach called an 'alternative giving scheme'.'

He said the scheme involved setting up 'help points' where members of the public
wanting to give to beggars could make donations instead of handing cash directly
to those asking for it.

The money would go to organisations helping street people while homeless beggars
could go to the same 'help points' to get information on how to receive support.

Insp Saddler added: 'We need to stop people giving money directly to the beggars
so they have no reason to be in the city asking for cash. 'Once this alternative
scheme is up and running we need to get the message across that the help points
are where to go to make a donation.

'Beggars will also be able to get help under the scheme. This way everyone
wins.'

Insp Saddler said police were working closely with the city council and hoped to
launch the alternative giving scheme next month. Charles Smith, a director of
Birmingham Forward which represents 250 city firms, welcomed the latest idea.

Mr Smith, who last week led calls for tougher action, said: 'The alternative
giving scheme is a nice idea because it brings the beggars, many of whom have
mental health and drug problems, closer to the charities set up to help them.

'But it remains to be seen whether it actually stops people begging.'

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2002 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    October 12, 1985, Saturday, ALL EDITION

Concern here over U.S. investment schemes

BYLINE: Tracy LeMay

SECTION: SECTION 2, NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 448 words


  THE INVESTMENTS look great. Returns are in the clouds - almost too good to be
true - and the promoters claim there's little risk.


While that scenario would set off alarms in the heads of many prudent investors,
others can see nothing but dollar signs.

These investment scams - called Ponzi schemes - featuring claims of high return
with no risk, are now a major concern in the U.S.

And Canadian securities regulators and better business bureaus are worried that
Ponzi schemes may make their way across the border from the U.S., where 21 such
swindles have cost investors more than $400 million in the last three years.

''It has become epidemic in the U.S. and it's a safe bet that it would appear in
about four months in Canada,'' says Paul Tuz, president of the Canadian
Association of Better Business Bureaus.

These scams, named after Carlo Ponzi, an Italian immigrant who moved to Boston
in 1919, don't centre on any one type of investment.

They might come in the guise of deals involving gold mines, generic drugs, high
technology stocks or almost any commodity.

And they are structured so that they fall outside the regulatory scope of
securities authorities.

THRIVE ON GREED

A Ponzi scheme can perhaps best be identified by its central characteristics -
claims of high returns and no risk. These schemes thrive on greed, Tuz says.

Ponzi hit upon the idea to profit from International Postal Reply Coupons, sold
and redeemed for stamps in many countries.

He calculated that he could pay little for IPRCs in weak currency countries, and
then redeem them at a substantial profit in the U.S. He solicited funds,
promising investors would get a 40% return in 90 days. At the time, interest
rates were in the 5% range.

Initial investors actually received the promised high return, at least for a
while. They were paid from money supplied by new investors.

Their pleasure at earning the lofty return acted as a magnet for new investors.
Taking money from Peter to pay Paul is basically how these plans operate today.

Cracks began to appear in Ponzi's scheme when law enforcement officials pointed
out that there were not enough IPRCs in circulation to support the plan.

And as the number of new investors dwindled, the scheme self-destructed under
the pressure of meeting interest payments to the initial investors.

That is the fate of most modern-day Ponzi plans. And although authorities often
catch up with the flim-flam artists, investors have little chance of recovering
their money.

Ponzi was eventually imprisoned in Massachusetts, but not before his investment
plan fleeced Boston investors of $10 million.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1985 Financial Post Ltd.


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     April 21, 1995, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Pyramid scheme king pleads guilty to fraud

BYLINE: Terry Weber Reuter

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 8, Company News

LENGTH: 233 words

DATELINE: New York, NY


Financier Steven Hoffenberg, accused of running one of the biggest pyramid
schemes in history, pleaded guilty yesterday to defrauding thousands of U.S.
investors of about US$500 million.

Hoffenberg, 50, who headed the scandal-ridden Towers Financial Corp., pleaded
guilty to five counts of securities fraud, tax evasion and obstruction of a
Securities and Exchange Commission investigation.

The once brash financier was subdued and pale as he entered his plea.

Hoffenberg is accused of operating Towers, a bill-collection and health care
financing business, as a huge pyramid scheme. He and others allegedly filed
false statements grossly exaggerating the company's assets to lure investors
into buying the firm's securities.

He then used the millions of dollars from those sales to repay earlier
investors, cover operating costs and enrich himself.

Towers filed for bankruptcy protection in March 1993 citing liabilities of
US$271.6 million and assets of US$251.7 million.

Hoffenberg also pleaded guilty to one count stemming from an indictment filed in
Federal Court in Chicago accusing him of defrauding Associated Life Insurance
Co. and United Fire Insurance Co. of more than US$3 million.

After acquiring the two Illinois companies in 1987, he allegedly misused their
funds in his failed attempts to buy Pan American World Airways and Emery Air
Freight Inc.


LOAD-DATE: October 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1995 Financial Post Ltd.


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 31, 2013 Saturday

Florida: Two Attorneys Charged in Connection with Rothstein Ponzi Scheme

LENGTH: 779  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida has issued
the following press release:

Wifredo A. Ferrer, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida,
Michael J. De Palma, Acting Special Agent in Charge, Internal Revenue Service,
Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI), and Michael B. Steinbach, Special Agent in
Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), Miami Field Office, announce the
arrest of Douglas L. Bates, 54, of Parkland, and Christina M. Kitterman, 38, of
Deerfield Beach. Arraignment for Bates is scheduled for September 4, 2013, and
arraignment for Kitterman is scheduled for September 6, 2013, both before U.S.
Magistrate Judge James M. Hopkins.

According to two indictments unsealed in court earlier today, Bates was charged
with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, in violation of Title 18, United States
Code, Section 1349, and wire fraud, in violation of Title 18, United States
Code, Section 1343 (three counts). Kitterman was charged with conspiracy to
commit wire fraud, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1349.
Each of the aforesaid counts is punishable up to twenty years' imprisonment and
a fine of $250,000.00.

U.S. Attorney Wifredo A. Ferrer said, "As I have previously stated, the breadth,
scope and sheer complexity of Rothstein's $1.2 billion Ponzi scheme is
mind-boggling. The success of such a large-scale scheme depended on the
complicity of Rothstein's colleagues and associates, like Douglas Bates and
Christina Kitterman. Bates and Kitterman, both attorneys, are the fifteenth and
sixteenth individuals to face criminal charges in connection with this complex
financial fraud."

Acting SAC Michael J. De Palma stated, "Complex financial schemes such as the
one orchestrated by Scott Rothstein do not occur in a vacuum. It is sad when you
see two attorneys violate the public's trust by using their law licenses to
perpetrate a massive fraud. Together with our law enforcement partners, IRS-CI
is committed to aggressively investigating and bringing to justice those who
knowingly assist in perpetrating investment scams."

"The FBI tirelessly pursues those who defraud investors," said Michael B.
Steinbach, Special Agent in Charge, FBI, Miami. "As attorneys, Bates and
Kitterman took an oath to act with fairness and integrity but chose to violate
that oath to assist Rothstein with perpetrating his massive fraud scheme."

The acts set forth in the charging documents were all in furtherance of a
"Ponzi" scheme involving the sale of purported confidential settlement
agreements in sexual harassment and/or whistle blower cases which were
purportedly handled by attorneys at the former Ft. Lauderdale law firm of
Rothstein, Rosenfeldt and Adler, P.A. (RRA).

The indictment against Douglas Bates charges that, while he was a partner in the
Law Offices of Koppel and Bates, located in Plantation, Florida, he assisted
Scott W. Rothstein in defrauding certain clients of RRA by creating a fraudulent
and fictitious settlement letter purporting to resolve certain civil litigation
to the benefit of RRA's clients when, in fact, Bates did not represent the
alleged party and no such litigation had ever been instituted. Additionally, the
indictment charges that Bates drafted false and fraudulent opinion letters
claiming to represent an investment group which had a business plan to invest in
the confidential settlements which formed the basis for the Ponzi scheme when,
in fact, he did not, and claiming that he represented a plaintiff who had
entered into one of the confidential settlement agreements when, in fact, he did
not. The indictment further alleges that Bates assisted Rothstein by arranging
to have representatives of an investment group falsely informed that numerous
legal cases were referred by Koppel & Bates to RRA when, in fact, they were not.

The indictment against Christina Kitterman charges that, during the course of
the Ponzi scheme, and while she was employed as an attorney at RRA, Kitterman
falsely posed as the head of the Ft. Lauderdale office of the Florida Bar
Association during a meeting with certain investors and falsely claimed that
certain of the RRA bank accounts had been frozen in connection with a pending
Bar investigation of Rothstein. According to the indictment, this was done in
order to explain to the investors the reason why certain payments due to them
had not been made.

Mr. Ferrer commended the investigative efforts of IRS-CI and the FBI. This case
is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Lawrence D. LaVecchio, Paul F.
Schwartz, Jeffrey N. Kaplan and Evelyn B. Sheehan.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/fls

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   InfoWorld

                               December 16, 1985

Lotus Rejects Protection Scheme

By Steven Burke, InfoWorld Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 447 words


Lotus Development Corp. says it has decided against implementing a
hardware-based copy protection proposal it originally supported.

The Cambridge, Massachusetts, software publisher is dropping its support for the
hardware "lock and key" scheme because of negative customer reaction.

The hardware-based scheme includes a lock box device that can be opened using a
chip-key.  Lotus and Quadram Corp. of Norcross, Georgia, endorsed Adapso's
proposal in October 1984, but the scheme has lost support and will probably not
be used by any companies, software executives and analysts said.

For more than a year, Adapso, a computer and software industry association
representing 800 computer software and service suppliers, has actively promoted
the hardware lock-key system to prevent software piracy.

"In this particular case, we got some very specific feedback from a large number
of customers that this is not an appropriate way to go," said Jim Kinlan,
director of technical marketing at Lotus.  "We did not anticipate some of the
user concerns that cropped up in the concept testing.  It would have been
detrimental for us and a lot of other people if we tucked our head down and went
ahead full speed."

Kinlan said the company still believes a hardware-based standard to prevent
piracy has merit.

"I think the Adapso hardware-based scheme is dead at this point," said Dave
Winer, president of Living Videotext Inc., a Mountain View, California, software
company.  "We're certainly not considering using it."

"It's an unnecessary hassle," said Scott Smith, vice president of The Gartner
Group, a Stamford, Connecticut-based computer market research firm.  "The user
doesn't want to be penalized to protect the copyright of the software vendor."

Adapso has not been able to release final proposed standards for the protection
scheme until the U.S. Department of Justice gives the organization a business
review letter, said David Sturtevant, vice president of public communications
for Adapso.

The association has been waiting nearly a year for the Justice Department to
approve the proposal to prevent a possible antitrust lawsuit from manufacturers
of other hardware-based schemes, Sturtevant said.  "Otherwise we would be a
target for someone who wants to hit us with a lawsuit."

The delay has likely hurt the proposal, Sturtevant said.  "Companies begin
looking for alternative solutions the longer it takes when you promise something
like this.  Companies can't continue to live in an environment where they are
losing the level of revenue they have been losing."

The trade organization has no firm commitments from companies, Sturtevant said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 InfoWorld Media Group


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Western Daily Press

                                February 5, 2003

Waiting For The Rebirth

SECTION: News; Business; Others; Pg. 32 0502WESTDP1A1waiti

LENGTH: 590 words


A Proud heritage dating back to the Romans, a beautiful 11th century cathedral,
a top rugby club, and an enviable location on the doorstep of the prosperous
Cotswolds.  No, not Bath, but Gloucester.

Yet in contrast to its Somerset neighbour, Gloucester has suffered from a
downmarket image for years.

No major retail or business developments have taken place for more than a
generation in a city that traditionally had a key role at the crossroads of the
West and Midlands, and England and Wales.

It may not boast the elegant Regency buildings of Bath or close neighbour - and
long-time upmarket rival - Cheltenham.

But they lack anything like the one key element behind Gloucester's long-awaited
revival - its historic docks.

Developers from London to Bristol know that waterside schemes attract huge
attention - and higher prices.

Britain's most inland port, Gloucester's docks once supported hundreds of jobs
loading ocean-going tall ships.

Recently the docks have been restored to attract both tourists and businesses.

But redevelopment has been slow.

Now they are about to find a new role - as the key to unlock a £200million
scheme which will transform the city.

British Waterways and landowners Peel Holdings, the property developer best
known for Manchester's Trafford Centre, have drawn up plans to redevelop a huge
swathe of land around the docks, not only upgrading the heritage site but
building 1,000 homes, a much-needed bridge over the canal, a new campus for
Gloscat college, a 90-bed hotel, a factory shopping centre, bars, pubs and
restaurants and a supermarket. Local people, used to years of inaction in the
city, have welcomed the scheme with open arms - according to the developers, 98
per cent gave their approval after seeing the plans.

Mike Tilt of British Waterways summed it up: "The most commonly asked question
on the day was 'will it happen?' as people are understandably sceptical due to
the lack of development in Gloucester over the last two decades." The South West
of England Regional Development Agency (RDA) has been praised in the city for
getting the scheme moving by buying land and helping the developers draw up the
scheme.

Peter Foyle, a partner with property consultancy BK's Gloucester office said:
"This city's got huge potential but no-one has been able to do anything for
years.

"The city council has had lots of ideas but has been unable to deliver any of
them.

"The RDA is a catalyst. It's making this scheme happen." Mr Foyle believes
Gloucester Quays will trigger other much-needed development around the city.

"Gloucester's a small place and all the schemes that have stayed on the drawing
board for years are within walking distance of each other.

"Getting Gloucester Quays moving should give an impetus to the other schemes."
Key among these is the long-delayed but much needed Blackfriars shopping scheme
off Eastgate.

Gloucester City Council has backed a number of schemes in partnership with
developers Arrowcroft since the late 1980s - without any of them getting under
way because of land ownership wrangles.

While pedestrianisation of the main retail streets has helped improve the
central area, it still lags behind many other towns and cities.

The council's partnership with Arrowsmith ran out in December 31 and the council
is now seeking legal advice on finding another backer.

The 50-acre city council-owned cattle market site is also due for redevelopment
as a mixed residential and retail scheme.


LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                      Copyright 2003 Bristol United Press


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               September 30, 1996

STATE REBUFF FOR SELF-HELP SCHEME

BYLINE: Sarah Ryle

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN CITY PAGE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 520 words


EFFORTS to give unemployed people a route back to work through barter schemes
are being blocked by the Department of Social Security, according to a study
published at the weekend.

The DSS has threatened to suspend payments to unemployed people who take part in
Lets - local exchange trading systems - skill-swapping economies based on
barter.

Although the schemes are targeted at areas of high unemployment, the report said
potential members have been deterred, fearing that the benefit office will say
they are unavailable for work or earning "money", even though few schemes
involve more than 15 hours a week and no cash changes hands.

The study found that in Fakenham, Norfolk, people on the dole were told their
benefit would be automatically suspended if they started working within a Lets
scheme. In Hull, the DSS said Lets would be treated as "unearned income". In
Middlesbrough, people have got around this approach by using ticks to represent
each swap rather than writing out Lets "cheques".

Perry Walker, lead author of the report, said there should be an an exemption
from loss of benefits for unemployed people trading in Lets.

Lets have shaken off their trendy liberal middle-class image, according to the
study by the New Economics Foundation, sponsored by the Joseph Rowntree
Charitable Trust.

The study reported on the progress of schemes on housing estates in Manchester,
Glasgow, Cardiff, Wrexham and Hull. It found that Lets offered a route back to
work, opportunities for socialising and a renewal of self-confidence.

Lets on Low Income, New Economics Foundation, Vine Court, 112-116 Whitechapel
Road, London E1 1JE

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 10, 2009 Friday

Mesa man faces prison for Ponzi scheme: 250 investors scammed out of $30
million, officials say

BYLINE: Mike Sakal, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 307 words


Apr. 10--A Mesa man who purported to be a successful stock-option trader is
facing up to 21 years in prison for his role in a $30 million Ponzi scheme with
six other East Valley residents.

Owen Vilan, 51, pleaded guilty in Maricopa County Superior Court Thursday to one
count of money laundering and two counts of fraud schemes and artifices,
according to the Arizona attorney general's office. He also was ordered to pay
$22 million in restitution to the victims.

Vilan, who was not registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission to
deal in securities, successfully solicited 250 individuals whom he told could
receive a 36 percent annual return on their investments between August 2004 to
March 2007.

While only investing part of the money and losing it, Vilan spent much of the
investors' money on himself, his family and associates before the scheme
collapsed when he could not recruit new investors, according to the attorney
general's office.

Vilan will be sentenced on May 12.

The other East Valley residents who participated in Vilan's scheme and already
pleaded guilty to lesser charges are: Jeffrey Leiter, 38, Bernardo Reyes, 45,
Juan Torres, 49, Lucy Vilan, 42, all of Mesa; Joe Morales, 49, and Jesus
Rodriguez, 44, both of Queen Creek. Francisco Moreno, 44, of Tucson, also
participated in the scheme and has pleaded guilty, the attorney general's office
said.

CONTACT WRITER: (480) 898-6533 or msakal@aztrib.com

To see more of The Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.eastvalleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090410-MZ-Mesa-man-faces-prison-for-Ponzi-scheme-0410

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2009 East Valley Tribune


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                     November 02, 2001 Friday, ALL EDITIONS

Man recoups money lost in pyramid scheme

BYLINE: Jim Bodor; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 462 words

DATELINE: BOSTON



- A Ware man was one of four Massachusetts residents to recoup a combined
$288,166 in investment losses in a settlement between a brokerage and the
state's Securities Division.

Richard S. Zebrowski, 50, of Ware, invested $140,000 in a pay phone lease
program operated by ETS Payphones Inc. of Georgia, he said yesterday. The
company sold pay phones to investors for $5,000 to $7,000 each, and promised
returns of up to 15 percent, according to securities investigators.

In September 2000, the company declared bankruptcy, and investigators determined
that the business was a pyramid scheme aimed at bilking investors. The
securities divisions of 26 states estimate that more than $76 million was taken
from 4,500 people nationwide in the scheme.

In Massachusetts, Mr. Zebrowski and three residents of the Western Massachusetts
town of Hawley invested in the company. The state Securities Division pursued a
settlement with WMA Securities Inc., a brokerage in Duluth, Ga., which sold the
investment. All four of the investors were returned all of the principal they
invested and agreed to release WMA from further legal action, according to the
Securities Division.

I just got the check,'' Mr. Zebrowski said yesterday.  They said the whole thing
was a pyramid scheme. I don't think I'll be investing in anything like this
again. I'm very relieved.''

According to federal investigators, ETS continually sought new investors because
revenue from pay phone operations never covered expenses. During the first six
months of 2000, the business lost more than $33 million.

Even as the losses mounted, the founder of the company, Charles Edwards,
sponsored a NASCAR racing team, purchased a luxury home in Georgia's exclusive
Sea Island community and lent more than $11.6 million, interest-free, to
companies he controlled, according to investigators from the 26 states. Mr.
Edwards contends he defrauded no one.

Simply put, ETS appears to have been nothing but a Ponzi scheme, recruiting new
money to make interest payments and support the lavish lifestyle of top company
executives,'' said Scott Lane, assistant director of enforcement for the
Pennsylvania Securities Commission, one of the states involved in the
investigation.

Massachusetts Secretary of State William F. Galvin, who oversees the state
Securities Division, said the case is proof of the caution residents must
exercise when investing.

Any citizen who wants to save for their retirement needs to balance risk and
reward,'' he said.  Instead of risking all your savings in questionable business
opportunities or highly speculative investments, investors need to prioritize
the safety of their principal when investing their money in these uncertain
times.''

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2001 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             April 11, 1999 Sunday
                                 State Edition

Firm goes from success to target of probe;
SEC says IHI one of nation's largest pyramid schemes

BYLINE: EMERY P. DALESIO Associated Press

SECTION: PIEDMONT; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 639 words


RALEIGH -- Barbara Edelman saw International Heritage Inc. as liberation from
middle-of-the-night newspaper deliveries. ``I had visions of driving a
Cadillac,'' said the 62-year-old from Crowley, La.

Randall Peter, 44, a Pearland, Texas, electrical engineer, also envisioned
riches despite a suspicion of get-rich-quick schemes. He had long resisted
friends' pitches to become an Amway distributor. But IHI's showy catalog
offering Noritake china, Coach leather bags and Waterford crystal did the trick
for him.

``If Waterford crystal is going to let us sell their products, we must be
legitimate,'' Peters remembers thinking.

But according to the Securities and Exchange Commission, IHI was one of the
largest pyramid schemes in U.S. history. Moreover, luxury goods makers such as
Callaway Golf Co. and Bosca claimed IHI was reselling their prestige labels
without their knowledge.

``As pyramid schemes go, I don't keep statistics, but if this isn't the biggest,
it's one of the biggest,'' said William P. Hicks, an SEC lawyer in Atlanta.

Four years after opening in Raleigh, IHI's three founders are facing federal
civil penalties, and the company is bankrupt and being liquidated. More than
150,000 distributors from nearly every state and most Canadian provinces may
have lost their investments. About 12,600 creditors have filed claims against
IHI totaling more than $30 million.

It's been a hard fall for a company that a year ago saw its total stock value
exceed $1 billion as its shares traded for as high as $26.50 on the
over-the-counter market. The company's stock today is virtually worthless,
selling for as little as 1/16 cent per share.

A pyramid operation pays earlier participants with entry fees from late
arrivals, who expect to collect fees from still newer participants. Eventually,
the pyramid cannot expand further and collapses.

An SEC complaint filed in March 1998 in Atlanta alleged IHI defrauded investors
and generated more than $150 million in revenue by promoting merchandise with
snob appeal, but said it profited mostly by drawing new entrants.

That's true -- sort of, said Stanley Van Etten of Raleigh, the company's
charismatic president.

``Most of the money came from product purchases from new sales reps to the
company,'' he said. ``I would offer in response, that's the same for the whole
network marketing industry.''

``It's really an unfair situation,'' Van Etten said. ``Network marketing has a
problem with perception. People think it's illegal to begin with. Then, to
complicate it, a regulator can just allege it's a pyramid with no judicial
process, and we're virtually forced out of business.''

Distributors paid $250 each to start up to seven networks, or ``business
centers,'' plus $100 for training materials. Investing the maximum $1,850 could
return up to $15,400 a week in revenue, the SEC reported the company's sales
pitch said. Representatives could earn money by selling merchandise and sharing
the fees paid by new salespeople they brought in, the company said.

The SEC contends the real money came from the sign-up fees and not from product
sales, noting IHI's sales kit actually discouraged representatives from
recruiting people with retail sales experience.

Van Etten estimates he made ``a couple million dollars'' last year and about $5
million in 1997 from all his business ventures. He owns a 17,000-acre Montana
ranch and donates about $1 million to charities during some years, Van Etten
said.

He now runs a venture capital and consulting firm one floor below IHI's vacant
offices.

IHI filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy, which leads to liquidation, in November. The
company reported liabilities of $12.9 million and assets of $5.4 million.

Van Etten and two IHI co-founders face charges of fraud, filing false reports
and illegal sale of unregistered securities stemming from the complaint.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Associated Press, HOLDS HIS GROUND: Stanley Van Etten,
International Heritage Inc. president, faces the media at a news conference in
March in Raleigh about the Securities and Exchange Commission's shutting down
his company. The company has been called one of the largest pyramid schemes in
U.S. history.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1999 The Durham Herald Co.


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                               September 12, 2002

Facelift scheme set for rethink.

SECTION: News

LENGTH: 538 words



A REVISED enhancement scheme for Loughton High Road will be drawn up following
the decision to allow supermarket giant Sainsbury to build a superstore on the
former council offices site in Old Station Road, Loughton.o

Loughton traders want a review amid fears there will be less parking once the
High Road scheme proceeds.

Loughton Traders' Association says the situation has changed from when the plans
were finalised, with the go-ahead since given to Sainsbury, and the expectation
that Marks and Spencer will build a food store on the Lambs Garage car park.

Add to that the anticipated additional usage the new Loughton Leisure Centre is
expected to attract and traders feel there is a need to look again at the
enhancement plans before it is too late.

Loughton Traders' Association member Don Benton said: "The enhancement scheme is
going to take away rather than add to the vibrancy of Loughton. The scheme as it
stands reduces the parking when the town is expanding, with the swimming pool
and Sainsbury's coming in to town."

Shopkeepers concerned about the pedestrianisation of Brooklyn Parade and Centric
Parade fear trade will be hit if customers cannot park outside shops.Mr Benton,
who owns Intersport in Centric Parade, said: "We're saying no parking, no town.
The motor car won't go away. People will visit trading places where there are
car parks.

"Seventy to 80 per cent of my customers travel to Loughton by car and 40 per
cent of them park in the parade outside my shop. Traders are extremely concerned
about their customers' loss of convenient parking. The council should be looking
at the best interests of local people. Loughton is our premier shopping centre
and we don't want to lose that facility."

He added: "The whole feel of the town will change, therefore this enhancement
scheme should be revisited."

Traders' Association chairman Neil Cohen, who owns Ne'als Brasserie and Tuscany
Restaurant, said: "Existing customers are using parking that will no longer be
there. With all these things that are happening it will change the focus of the
town. The centre of the town will move southwards."

Mr Benton said: "You want to make the place look better but you have to provide
parking otherwise the place will die. This enhancement scheme must provide
sufficient parking for the town to continue its growth and vibrancy."

Dorothy Paddon, district council planning and economic development portfolio
holder, said a design guide was produced following an "extensive consultation
exercise three or so years ago".

She said in the light of Sainsbury's approval, Marks and Spencer, the leisure
centre and lessons learned from the Queens Road Buckhurst Hill scheme, the
council believes it right to review the guide in consultation with residents and
business people.

"We will do this before moving ahead with any town centre enhancement works."

The traders' association and town centre partnership have been invited to play a
"full part", and other organisations such as the town council will be invited to
help develop a revised scheme that "will offer real improvement for the town".

The council said no date had been set for work to start.

September 5, 2002 14:00

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2002 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                 March 12, 2002

Greencore seeks union approval for pension plan

BYLINE: By BRENDAN MCGRATH, Markets Editor

SECTION: CITY EDITION; BUSINESS AND FINANCE; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 523 words


Foods group Greencore is involved in discussions with trade unions MSF and SIPTU
on a proposal to introduce a defined contributions (DC) pension scheme for new
employees and also to amalgamate existing separate pension schemes for manual
grades and white-collar staff.

Greencore employs about 3,000 people in Ireland and its proposal to introduce a
DC scheme while freezing its existing defined benefits (DB) scheme is thought to
be one of the first such moves by a major Irish employer.

Under the terms of the proposal, existing staff would retain their DB pension
but new employees would enter a new DC scheme.

Defined benefits pension schemes provide a guaranteed level of pension - linked
to an employee's length of service. In contrast, defined contribution schemes do
not provide a guaranteed level of pension and pensioners' benefits are dependent
on the performance of the fund.

There is a growing move in both Ireland and the UK towards defined contribution
schemes and most of the so-called "new economy" industries operate DC schemes.

But sources in the pension industry have indicated that one Irish employer in 12
is currently considering closing their existing DB schemes to new employees and
instead putting them into DC schemes.

Greencore is thought to be one of the first "traditional" industries to formally
propose closing its DB scheme and opening a DC scheme for new employees. While
some unions have taken policy decisions to resist the introduction of DC schemes
, others are thought to be adopting a position that as long as existing members
of DB schemes have their status preserved, then they are not opposed in
principle to DC schemes for new employees.

Greencore sources said the proposal to switch to DC for new entrants is not a
cost issue, but one of liability. People are, in general, living longer and this
has potentially serious implications for the funding of DB schemes which
guarantee a level of pension which is usually indexed to inflation up to an
upper limit.

The introduction of the FRS17 accounting standard, which requires firms to
recognise pension surpluses or deficits on their balance sheets is another
factor in the move towards DC schemes, as regular variations in the funding of
the pension scheme would then have an impact on earnings.

As well as looking for an introduction of a DC pension scheme for new employees,
Greencore is also seeking to amalgamate its existing manual and staff schemes.

MSF official Ms Noirin Greene said the company had not yet submitted a detailed
proposal to the unions while the unions themselves were looking for improvements
in the schemes, including the integration of the State pension and a lowering of
the retirement age.

The Greencore pension schemes are currently in solid financial shape with the
last actuarial valuation showing that liabilities are covered 116 per cent by
the funds' assets. The Irish schemes had a surplus of more than EUR85 million
although the British schemes show a deficit of almost EUR30 million.

Further negotiations on pensions between Greencore and the unions are expected
this week.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2002 The Irish Times


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Payments Source

                           February 28, 2013 Thursday

Former Bank Exec Charged in Collection Agency Bribery Case

BYLINE: Darren Waggoner

SECTION: CCR - REGULATION Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 331  words


Wilbur Tate III, a former assistant vice president of United States Bank in
Ohio, was arrested Wednesday on a federal criminal complaint charging him with
conspiracy to commit bank bribery in a case involving Oxford Collection Agency,
according to David B. Fein, U.S. Attorney for the District of Connecticut.

Oxford was a private financial services company involved in accounts receivables
management, mostly debt collecting, with offices in New York, Pennsylvania and
Florida. Between 2007 and 2011, Oxford executives engaged in a multi-year scheme
to defraud its lender, investors and clients, according to court documents filed
in various cases.

Tate, 48, who lives in Georgia, was in charge of outsourcing accounts to
collection agencies - including Oxford. According to Fein, starting in August
2008 and continuing for more than two years, Oxford executives engaged in a
bribery scheme with Tate to obtain and retain the business of United States
Bank.

As part of the scheme, Oxford executives initially provided Tate with boxes of
expensive cigars and subsequently sent Tate monthly cash payments between $2,500
and $5,000, which were hidden in cigar boxes and mailed to Tate's residence in
Mason, Ohio.

Tate, who worked as the bank's assistant vice president between January 2004 and
February 2011, appeared Wednesday before U.S. Magistrate Judge Linda T Walker in
Atlanta and was released on a $50,000 bond.

Earlier this month, Richard Pinto, 68, chairman of the board and de facto head
of Oxford between January 2007 and March 2011, was sentenced to five years in
prison, followed by five years of supervised release, for his role in a
multimillion-dollar fraud scheme at the agency.

Last May, Pinto and his son, Peter Pinto, 37, of East Quogue, N.Y., each pleaded
guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud, bank fraud and money
laundering and one count of wire fraud stemming from a $10 million fraud scheme
against Connecticut-based Webster Bank, federal officials said.

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

STEWART WILL DRIVE 'THROWBACK' CHEVROLET

BYLINE: Steve Reed Associated Press

SECTION: B; Pg. 002

LENGTH: 238 words

DATELINE: CHARLOTTE, N.C.


NASCAR

CHARLOTTE, N.C. - Tony Stewart is hoping that going old school will change his
luck at Darlington Raceway for his final Southern 500.

Stewart announced Wednesday that his No. 14 Coca-Cola Chevrolet will feature a
paint scheme that replicates one on the car Bobby Allison drove to wins at the
1971 and 1972 Southern 500s.

Stewart is a three-time NASCAR champion who has won 49 races, but none at
Darlington. It is one of only two venues where Stewart is winless in NASCAR's
top division.

He is hoping that replicating Allison's paint scheme changes all of that. His
best finish at Darlington is third place.

"This is one race that it is a crown jewel that I haven't got yet," Stewart
said. "This is my chance to cross one off my list."

Stewart's throwback look will feature the old Coca-Cola tagline of that era "The
Real Thing" emblazoned on the car, along with gold wheels and cubic-inch
displacement boast on the hood. Stewart said he loves the paint scheme.

Stewart said during a press conference at the NASCAR Hall of Fame that he is
proud and honored to drive a car that replicates Allison's paint scheme.

"You want one that you are really passionate about," Stewart said. "This is a
paint scheme I am passionate about. When I show up at the track I'm going to be
excited about driving this one."

Stewart plans to retire following the season finale Nov. 20 at Homestead-Miami.

Allison won  races at Darlington in 1971-72.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             June 19, 2012 Tuesday

Albany man gets prison for Ponzi scheme

BYLINE: By Daniel M. Jimenez Bay Area News Group

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Western Contra Costa; Alameda; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 230 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- An Albany man has been sentenced to 65 months in prison for
running a multi-million-dollar investment scheme.

Krittibas Ray, 46, promised investors he could guarantee returns of more than 7
percent by placing their money into banks in India and investing them in hedge
funds, according to U.S. Attorney Melinda Haag. In fact, investigators said, Ray
was using their money to pay his own personal expenses and to pay earlier
investors, a classic Ponzi scheme setup.

The scheme bilked investors of about $3.3 million between February 2008 and
December 2011, Haag said. Ray was arrested in December and pleaded guilty to two
counts of wire fraud.

Ray's online biography says that he was a research associate in International
and Area Studies at UC Berkeley, though a spokesperson could not confirm that
Tuesday afternoon. Ray also posted that he was a senior vice president at a
"major Wall Street investment bank."

"If you are in need of an investment specialist and asset manager, Krittibas Ray
is a man you can trust with your portfolio," Ray writes in one online posting,
noting that he will only accept clients with at least half a million dollars in
assets to invest. "(Clients) trust that their investments are in good hands, and
indeed they are."

Ray will also have to pay $2.7 million in restitution to his victims and be
supervised for three years after his release.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             June 19, 2012 Tuesday

Albany man gets prison for Ponzi scheme

BYLINE: By Daniel M. Jimenez Bay Area News Group

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 230 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- An Albany man has been sentenced to 65 months in prison for
running a multi-million-dollar investment scheme.

Krittibas Ray, 46, promised investors he could guarantee returns of more than 7
percent by placing their money into banks in India and investing them in hedge
funds, according to U.S. Attorney Melinda Haag. In fact, investigators said, Ray
was using their money to pay his own personal expenses and to pay earlier
investors, a classic Ponzi scheme setup.

The scheme bilked investors of about $3.3 million between February 2008 and
December 2011, Haag said. Ray was arrested in December and pleaded guilty to two
counts of wire fraud.

Ray's online biography says that he was a research associate in International
and Area Studies at UC Berkeley, though a spokesperson could not confirm that
Tuesday afternoon. Ray also posted that he was a senior vice president at a
"major Wall Street investment bank."

"If you are in need of an investment specialist and asset manager, Krittibas Ray
is a man you can trust with your portfolio," Ray writes in one online posting,
noting that he will only accept clients with at least half a million dollars in
assets to invest. "(Clients) trust that their investments are in good hands, and
indeed they are."

Ray will also have to pay $2.7 million in restitution to his victims and be
supervised for three years after his release.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            January 14, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bills struggled setting the edge;
D-line hasn't caught up with new scheme against run

BYLINE: By Mark Gaughan - NEWS SPORTS REPORTER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1070 words


This is the fifth part of a series assessing the Bills' 2010 season. Today's
installment deals with the defensive line.

***

It came as no shock that the Buffalo Bills struggled to adjust to a 3-4 defense.

The Bills' defensive front had struggled to stop the run the previous five years
when it was playing a scheme specifically designed for the talent on hand. It
did not go smoothly when most of that same cast, with the addition of some
rookies, was asked to change to a new scheme.

A Bills defense that ranked 30th against the run in 2009 dropped to 32nd in
2010. The result was almost identical to what happened in Kansas City, which
switched schemes in 2009. The Chiefs were 30th in 2008 and dropped to 31st in
2009.

"We knew coming in it was going to be a process," Bills defensive line coach
Giff Smith said in an interview in mid-November. "I had a veteran guy tell me
one time that when you make the jump to the NFL with a new staff, it's normally
not a ready-made program. So it's been a work in progress. A lot of the problems
we've had versus the run have been self-inflicted. That's one thing we've worked
hard on, just knowing your assignment, playing through your assignment and doing
your responsibility and being accountable for your position."

As any Bills follower knows, the only Buffalo defensive lineman who performed
above expectations was defensive tackle Kyle Williams. The Bills wisely used him
in essentially the same role as in the past and he put up career numbers in
tackles, sacks and tackles for loss. Williams finished fourth in Pro Bowl voting
among AFC defensive tackles and will make his first trip to the all-star game
later this month.

But when offenses were able to wall off Williams, there wasn't enough stoutness
in the rest of the defensive front.

"He's their best player," Patriots star guard Logan Mankins told the Boston
Globe after the Pats' 34-3 rout of the Bills. "He gets no credit around the
league, but if you watch him he destroyed a couple lines this year and he's had
a hell of a year. We knew we had to take care of him. If we got him blocked and
the other guys took care of the other guys, we'd have a good chance."

Expect the Bills to continue to play to Williams' strengths. In a traditional
3-4 defense, which Kansas City and Cleveland employed in 2010 and which New
England sometimes uses, the nose tackle plays head-up on the center and the
defensive ends usually play head-up on the tackles. Each of those defenders is
covering two gaps on the line of scrimmage.

The Bills mostly used an "under" or "over" front, which doesn't put the interior
linemen head up. (Under being a shift away from the tight end side, over being
toward it). That put Williams either on the outside shoulder of the weak-side
guard (a 3-technique) or had him shaded over a shoulder of the center, both of
which were familiar spots for him.

Bills veteran Marcus Stroud made his reputation playing a 3-technique. He played
mostly 4- or 5-technique on the strong side, the former being head-up on the
tackle, the latter being on the outside shoulder of the tackle. It's a grunt
position, and he didn't cause a lot of disruption.

"I think he's worked hard to be a professional as far as putting in the
film-study time and the schematics of the defense," Smith said. "Marcus, at this
stage of his career, there's some things he doesn't do as well as he might've
done when he was younger in the league. But he's worked to gain an edge by
preparation. That's one thing we've been harping on. You've got to study more
tape to anticipate some stuff to help give you that half step of quickness you
might have lost."

The Bills no doubt will be counting on rookies Torell Troup and Alex Carrington
to play bigger roles next year. Troup was picked in the second round, Carrington
the third.

Smith on Troup: "I think Troup is what you're looking for in the 3-4. We've had
to kind of do a version of some unders and some 4-3 looks to survive in the
first year. I've been pleased with the way Troup's developed. He's going to work
hard, and he's got good long arms, so he's able to separate off [off blocks].
We're going to continue to work on him being a little more explosive off the
ball and attacking blocks a little bit better. His deal is block recognition."

Smith on Carrington: "Carrington has gotten better. I'm excited about the future
for Alex. He's got long arms, and he's extremely strong. He can hold the point.
He needs to play some and know how to disengage off of blocks. He can be a
little robotic at times. That's one thing I think even with the scout-team work
he did, it's helped him with shedding blocks and understanding when do I
disengage and when do I make the move to make the play."

Playing time breakdown: Williams played 81 percent of the plays (54 snaps a
game), Stroud 62 percent (41 snaps), Spencer Johnson 44 percent (29), Troup 27
percent (18), Carrington 19 percent (12). Carrington, however, averaged 25 snaps
a game over the last seven weeks. Dwan Edwards was playing 79 percent of the
snaps the first 10 games before getting hurt early in the 11th.

*Positives: Williams had a career-high 5.5 sacks and an unofficial 16 tackles
for loss. The Bills adjusted and played seven decent-to-good games against the
run, five of them after the bye week. Cleveland's power run game was held to 105
yards. After Williams, Johnson probably graded out best among the D-linemen.

*Negatives: The Bills did a rotten job of setting the edge on runs to the
outside, an issue for the linebackers and the line. Edwards seemed to struggle
early with this, as well. Teams like New England had great success getting the
Bills' front seven moving and then cutting back. The Jets got wide on the Bills
almost at will.

*Outlook: The pounding the Bills took in the final two games against the Pats
and Jets underscores the need for changes in the front seven. The question is
where do the Bills get upgrades? Edwards and Williams are set as starters.
Troup, Carrington and Johnson make it five returnees. Stroud, 32, is due to get
$5.5 million in 2011, with $1 million of it coming in a March bonus. His salary
makes him vulnerable to release, given the fact the Bills are committed to
playing Carrington more. Johnson, 29, is due $3.5 million in 2011. John McCargo,
who played in just one game, is a free agent. Kellen Heard, a 355-pounder, is
under contract.

Next: Linebackers

e-mail: mgaughan@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: The Buffalo Bills' 2010 Season (part five)

GRAPHIC:  James P. McCoy/Buffalo News Kyle Williams was easily the Bills' best
defensive lineman this season.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                 September 7, 1991, Saturday, SATURDAY EDITION

Rams ape Eagles in defence scheme

BYLINE: SPECIAL

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B9

LENGTH: 318 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


After the Los Angeles Rams yielded 412 points and went 5-11 last season, head
coach John Robinson decided it was time to reconstruct his defence. Out the door
went defensive coordinator Fritz Shurmur and his passive 3-4 scheme and in came
Jeff Fisher and his reckless 4-3.

It looks very familiar to the New York Giants.

"It's like the Eagles of the past," Jeff Hostetler said about the unit the
Giants have studied all week and will face tomorrow at Giants Stadium. "They
move to the ball. They fly to the ball."

On paper, the Rams' style looks exactly like the Eagles' scheme, which the
Giants see twice a year. Fisher arrived from Philadelphia, where he spent the
previous five seasons as a Buddy Ryan disciple. He brought his playbook, his
innovative approach, his attacking philosophy.

But on the field, the Rams' new four-man front doesn't remind many people of the
Eagles' intimidating troupe. At right defensive end you can put Kevin Greene (an
NFL-high 46 sacks the last three years) in Reggie White's class, although Greene
is not as good. But defensive tackles Alvin Wright and Mike Piel rarely are
confused with the Eagles' Mike Pitts and Jerome Brown. And where the Eagles line
up Clyde Simmons, the Rams are starting left defensive end Karl Wilson, a Plan B
pickup from Miami.

"It's a go-get-'em scheme as opposed to defend the fort," Robinson said.

Robinson and Fisher agree that the trend in the NFL is shifting from the
passive, risk-free zone schemes to the gambling, attacking, man-to-man styles.
Although it's riskier for coaches to fit players into a particular scheme than
it is to design a scheme for a particular group of players, the Rams love what
Fisher is preaching.

"We're free," middle linebacker Frank Stams said. "I think this is a defense
that lets you loose, lets you be yourself, lets individual make big plays.
You're an individual in a team sense."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

North Carolina Man Pleads Guilty to Fraud Charge in Real Estate Scheme

LENGTH: 373  words

DATELINE: Jefferson City


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Missouri has issued
the following press release:

HUBOLIST ELLIOTT pled guilty to mail fraud in connection with a real estate
investment scheme involving fractional interests in vacation properties.

According to court documents, between 2009 and 2014, Elliott, and his company,
Travel World Vacations, Inc., offered investment opportunities in vacation
properties in Florida.  The investment opportunity typically involved a
fractional real estate transaction which Elliott and Travel World Vacations,
Inc., presented to investors as an opportunity to purchase and own a deeded
interest in a specific vacation property.  As part of the scheme, typically
neither Elliott nor Travel World Vacations, Inc. owned any interest in the
properties being offered to investors as available for a fractional real estate
purchase.  In some instances, the real property represented as an opportunity
for investment and ownership did not exist.  In other instances, the real
property represented as an opportunity for investment and ownership did exist
but neither Elliott nor Travel World had a legal interest, fractional or
otherwise, that could be conveyed to an investor or any right to enter into a
transaction regarding that property.  A number of investors from around the
country, including one investor from the St. Louis area, invested in Elliott's
fractional real estate scheme.  Expected losses as a result of the scheme total
more than $1,000,000.

Elliott, Cary, North Carolina, pled guilty to one felony count of mail fraud
before United States District Judge Rodney W. Sippel.  Sentencing has been set
for May 29, 2015.

This charge carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison and/or fines up to
$250,000. In determining the actual sentences, a judge is required to consider
the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines, which provide recommended sentencing ranges.

This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service.  Assistant United States Attorney Charles Birmingham
is handling the case for the U.S. Attorney's Office.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                             August 5, 2008 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

5 charged in charity scheme;
Men allegedly skimmed from donations to police, veterans groups

BYLINE: JENNIFER MANN, The Patriot Ledger.

Jennifer Mann may be reached at jmann@ledger.com

SECTION: News; pg. ONE8

LENGTH: 481 words


QUINCY - A Quincy man and four others have been indicted in an alleged
money-making scheme that involved taking more than $100,000 from donors under
the guise of giving to veterans and retired police.

The money instead was used to buy jewelry, a car, a house and dining pleasures
for at least one of the men, as well as padding the salaries of all the men
involved, state prosecutors allege.

Authorities say the alleged scheme, in which donated money was laundered through
a Florida company, was concentrated in the Boston area, but affected more than
1,000 donors statewide.

A Middlesex County grand jury Monday indicted George Borden, 53, of Quincy;
Ronald Seeley, 38, of Medford; his son, Brandon Seeley, 20, of Medford; William
Lewis, 57, of Brookline, N.H.; and Frank Cariello, 70, of Boynton Beach, Fla.,
with several counts of larceny and fraud.

"The essence of the solicitation scheme was soliciting funds, using it for
personal purposes, and basically misrepresenting what those funds were used
for," Attorney General Martha Coakley said at a press conference.

Coakley's office began investigating the group in August 2006 with help from the
State Police.

Authorities say the alleged scheme involved Ronald Seeley's Medford-based
fundraising organization, CMR Marketing, and Veterans Charitable Foundation of
Boynton Beach, Fla., of which Cariello is president.

Investigators say Ronald Seeley, his son, and Lewis, an employee, raised money
for Cariello's organization through telemarketing between August 2006 and
January 2008.

The men allegedly misrepresented themselves to donors by claiming they were with
the New England Paralyzed Veterans Association, volunteers raising money on
behalf of veterans groups in that particular community, or using the money for
scholarships or phone cards.

Authorities allege Cariello put some of the money to personal use, and funneled
some of it back to the Medford company.

Ronald Seeley is accused of stealing donations or depositing them directly into
his company's bank accounts.

Starting in December 2006, Ronald Seeley and co-worker Borden also had a
contract to raise money for the Retired Boston Police Officers' Association,
investigators say.

Under the contract, the men were expected to solicit donations, pick them up and
deposit them into the association's bank account.

The men, however, fraudulently received "donations" such as hotel rooms from
donors and used the donations for their own purposes, investigators say.

Coakley said donations typically ranged from $25 to $100 and it is believed the
group also solicited donations in other states. Investigators believe up to
$25,000 of what was solicited was actually used for charity.

The men are scheduled to be arraigned Sept. 3 in Middlesex Superior Court in
Woburn.

In addition to the criminal case, the Attorney General's Office's charities
division is pursuing the case in civil court.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Patriot Ledger


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            March 22, 2005, Tuesday

Drive to probe private deals

SECTION: Features; Public Agenda 4

LENGTH: 421 words


PEOPLE who want to know more about existing public-

private partnership (PPP) and private finance initiative (PFI) deals now only
need to visit a website, says Public Finance (March 18).

Partnerships UK (PUK) has pulled together all the publicly available information
on 633 contracts. Its database lists information such as projects' capital
value; who the advisers were on each deal; whether the facilities are now open;
and which companies built and own them. PUK has plans for the scheme to
eventually

include financial and operational information.

Less welcome news is that the economic justification for PPPs is flawed,
according to factsheets on local authority

involvement in the schemes. The information is published by the Local Government
Information Unit, an independent research organisation supported by councils and
local government trade unions. It says that PPP schemes are more expensive, but
that "these costs are not necessarily offset by greater efficiencies".
Comparisons made between PPP schemes and (usually

hypothetical) public sector schemes are problematic, subjective, and often have
"built in assumptions that favour the privately funded scheme", it says.

It recommends that councillors should be closely involved in PPP procurement to
provide "a vital check on the executive and officers' decisions and

increasing accountability". The scrutiny process could play an important part in
examining PPP transparency by monitoring how well interested groups are
consulted and informed as the process continues.

Other recent research, this time by Professor John Bennett and his colleagues at
Brunel University, found that PPPs can provide benefits in some circumstances.

However, in some situations - such as those where a building will have little
residual value at the end of a contract - more traditional procurement models
are likely to be better, says Public-Private Partnerships: An Incomplete
Contract Approach.

Howard Bernstein, the chief executive of Manchester Council, says that a tramway

financing system that requires private firms to control entire projects under
PPP is to blame for the spiralling cost of Metrolink, reports Regeneration &
Renewal (March 18). In PPPs' favour this week is a report from the Commons
Culture, Media and Sport Select Committee about how to improve our libraries. It
recommends using PFIs to support the service, reports Planning (March 18).

www.partnershipsuk.org.uk

www.lgiu.gov.uk

www.brunel.ac.uk


LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2005 Times Newspapers Limited


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sunday Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                            October 16, 2011 Sunday
                        2 - State - Main Country Edition

Whine lists on the menu

BYLINE: Kelmeny Fraser

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 462  words


QUEENSLAND restaurants, fast-food outlets and cafes could be forced to reveal
their health and safety ratings to customers.

The State Government is considering a mandatory ``scores on doors'' scheme,
similar to those operating in cities such as New York and Los Angeles.

The new scheme would force food businesses to display a rating.

And diners may soon be able to track online if their favourite restaurants have
failed the grade, with plans to beef up a ``name and shame'' website.

The website will list food safety breaches, convictions and spot fines
statewide.

``Diners deserve to know whether they are getting the very best, healthiest,
service available,'' Health Minister Geoff Wilson said.

``Ultimately, that will make for happy diners and a stronger, more competitive
food service sector.''

The State Government will consider the name and shame website, which is based on
the current NSW model. A less comprehensive website already exists.

Brisbane City Council introduced its voluntary Eat Safe scheme last year,
issuing the city's 5900 food businesses a star rating.

Almost half of food businesses given a good rating have agreed to display their
score.

A quarter of all businesses were given a fail or poor rating, but are not
required to tell the public. Logan City Council introduced its Eat Safe scheme a
year ago.

It has been lobbying the State Government for a change to privacy laws to force
ratings to be displayed.

An estimated 5.4 million cases of food-borne illness occur nationally each year,
costing the economy $1.249 billion.

Brisbane restaurant Aria, is one of dozens to receive a top-level, five-star
rating under the Eat Safe scheme.

Manager David Stossel said a compulsory scheme would uncover those hiding poor
ratings.

``It can definitely ruin reputations and make businesses struggle but, on the
flipside, I would very much like to see the fact that everyone has to show their
ratings,'' he said.

What do you think? Email yournews@thesundaymail.com.au or write to us at GPO Box
130, Brisbane, 4001.

fraserk@qnp.newsltd.com.au

FOOD SAFETY RATING SCHEMES

BRISBANE

Ratings: No Stars = fail. 2 Stars = Poor. 3 Stars = Good. 4 Stars = Very Good. 5
Stars = Excellent.

Only businesses with 3 or more stars can choose to publicly display their
rating.

LOGAN CITY

Ratings: No stars = fail. 2 Stars = Poor. 3 Stars = Good. 4 Stars = Very Good. 5
Stars = Excellent.

Display of star ratings voluntary. Poor performers audited more frequently.

NSW

Ratings: 3 Stars = Good. 4 Stars = Very Good. 5 Stars = Excellent.

Voluntary participation by councils and food businesses.

NEW YORK

Ratings: A = 0-13 points for sanitary violations. B = 14-27 points for sanitary
violations. C=28 or more points for sanitary violations.

A, B or C letter grades must be posted on the front window or door.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SML


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2013 Monday

Washington: SEC Halts Texas-Based Scheme Targeting Foreign Investors Seeking
U.S. Residency Through EB-5 Visa Program

LENGTH: 813  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Securities and Exchange Commission, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced fraud charges against a
husband and wife in Texas for stealing funds from foreign investors under the
guise of an investment opportunity to create U.S. jobs and a path to U.S.
residency.

The SEC alleges that Marco and Bebe Ramirez and three companies they own have
fraudulently raised at least $5 million from investors by falsely promising that
their money would be invested as part of the EB-5 Immigrant Investor Pilot
Program. Through the program, foreign investors can earn conditional visas and
eventually green cards by making investments in U.S. economic development
projects that will create or preserve a minimum number of jobs for U.S. workers.
Instead of investing the money as promised, the Ramirezes routinely diverted
investor funds to other undisclosed businesses and for their personal use. In at
least one instance, they used new investor funds to make Ponzi-like payments to
an existing investor.

According to the SEC's complaint unsealed today in U.S. District Court for the
Southern District of Texas, the Ramirezes initially targeted investors in
Mexico, but more recently have solicited investors in Egypt and Nigeria. The
court has granted the SEC's request to freeze the assets and accounts of the
Ramirezes and their three companies: USA Now LLC, USA Now Energy Capital Group
LP, and Now Co. Loan Services. This effectively halts their ability to raise
further money from investors or spend any remaining funds in the scheme.

"Through their investment scheme, the Ramirezes abused a program intended to
attract foreign capital to create U.S. jobs," said David R. Woodcock, Director
of the SEC's Fort Worth Regional Office. "The Ramirezes misappropriated investor
funds for their own purposes without any regard for the harm they caused
investors who were seeking an avenue to U.S. residency."

The SEC and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) today issued a
joint investor alert that provides additional information about the EB-5 program
and cautions investors about fraudulent EB-5 schemes. USCIS offered substantial
assistance in the SEC's investigation of the Ramirezes. The EB-5 program is
administered by USCIS and enables foreign investors to make their investments
either directly in a business or through EB-5 "regional centers" that are
private entities organized to promote economic development in specific
geographic areas and industries.

According to the SEC' s complaint, beginning in 2010, the Ramirezes sought
approval from USCIS to register USA Now as an EB-5 regional center that would
accept and direct investments from foreign investors into investment
opportunities that would purportedly satisfy the EB-5 visa requirements. But
even before USCIS decided, the Ramirezes and other USA Now employees already had
started soliciting investors with false promises about how their money would be
invested.

The SEC alleges that the Ramirezes told investors that USA Now would hold their
investments in escrow until they received USCIS approval. And once the funds
were released from escrow, they would be used for specific business purposes.
However, the Ramriezes failed to hold the funds in escrow as required, and
instead routinely diverted the funds for other uses not described in offering
materials, often on the same day the funds were received. Among their
misappropriations, the Ramirezes appear to have opened a Cajun-themed restaurant
with investor funds and settled an unrelated lawsuit. Meanwhile, none of the at
least 10 investors identified by the SEC as victims of the scheme have received
visas from USCIS, and none of their funds seem to remain in escrow.

"Even though investors provided the Ramirezes with at least $5 million, none of
them have ever received conditional visas let alone green cards," said David
Peavler, Associate Director of the SEC's Fort Worth Regional Office. "Instead,
the Ramirezes opened a restaurant and purchased other assets for themselves and
their employees."

The SEC's complaint alleges that the Ramirezes and their companies violated and
aided and abetted violations of the antifraud provisions of the Securities Act
of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint seeks various
relief including preliminary and permanent injunctions, disgorgement of
ill-gotten gains with prejudgment interest, and financial penalties.

The SEC's investigation has been conducted by Timothy Evans, Kimberly Cain, Ty
Martinez, and Jonathan Scott of the Fort Worth Regional Office. The SEC's
litigation will be led by Mr. Evans and David Reece. The SEC appreciates the
assistance of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and U.S. Attorney's Office for
the Southern District of Texas.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              May 22, 2012 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Lowlife's high life Ponzi figure lived lavishly while his clients lost savings

BYLINE: BY DANIEL BEEKMAN NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: BRONX BORO NEWS; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 532 words


THE Bernie Madoff of the Bronx lived it up while swindling his blue-collar
clients out of

millions, his victims told the Daily News on Monday.

Robert Van Zandt,

accused in a $35-million Ponzi scheme, drove a

Mercedes, wore a Rolex watch, sat behind home plate at Yankee Stadium and played
golf in

sunny locales, according to irate investors.

The Van Zandt family bought pricey paintings and took trips to Las Vegas.

Van Zandt built The Bridgeview Estates condominiums in Throgs Neck and rented
property in Myrtle Beach, S.C.

In 2006, police said crooks broke into Van Zandt's home and hauled away a safe
with $350,000 in cash.

Van Zandt and his son owned The Van Zandt Agency, a Westchester Square tax prep
firm. They targeted clients with hefty retirement savings, allegedly ripping off
dozens of average Joes.

"It was greed, pure greed," said Stanley Pliny, a retired Bronx factory worker
who lost $98,700. "They had nice suits and ties. It looked like they had their
hair cut every three days. They had a great time - with our money."

Now, Van Zandt is locked up on Rikers Island, his son is dead and his investors
are struggling to get by. The 68-year-old was indicted last Monday on fraud,
money laundering and grand larceny charges. Last Friday he was hit with a civil
lawsuit, following an investigation by state Attorney General Eric Schneiderman.

His son, an ex-con with Mafia ties, was found shot dead in his Yonkers swimming
pool last year, soon after Schneiderman began to probe the family firm. The
death was initially ruled a suicide.

Meanwhile, Pliny has signed up

for food stamps.

"I can't go back to work at my age," said the 70-year-old. "I have to rely on
the government, on food stamps. I can't believe it."

Tom Piccinini, another longtime Van Zandt client, feels betrayed - and angry. He
invested his entire 401(k) with the alleged fraudster and lost every penny.

Van Zandt persuaded Piccinini and others like him to make risky bets on real
estate projects. He guaranteed high rates of return but used the cash for
personal expenses, the charges claim.

"He seemed like a nice guy," said Piccinini, 59, a retired phone company worker
who lost $180,000. "I went to dinner with him and his son. I trusted him."

Piccinini invested with Van Zandt because he saw the local tax prepper doing
well.

"He started out in a little storefront on Williamsbridge Road. Next thing you
know he builds a new business from scratch with marble and an elevator. He opens
a restaurant in White Plains.

"I saw them at Yankees games in the luxury seat

s," he said.

"I talked to his son. He said, 'Give your 401(k) to my father. He likes to
dabble with investments.' It sounded good. I wanted to jump on the bandwagon."

Malecki Law, a Manhattan firm, is suing MetLife Securities, with whom Van Zandt
was a broker, on behalf of Van Zandt investors.

But Piccinini is looking for pro bono legal help.

Van Zandt is being held on $500,000 bail and is "holding up," said his lawyer.
Michael Bachner claims his client was hoodwinked by people "close to him."

Piccinini wants justice. But prison for Van Zandt won't make his alleged victims
rich.

"That does nothing for me," Piccinini said. "I'm still poor."

dbeekman@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Robert Van Zandt (inset), accused in Ponzi scheme, built the Bridgeview
Estates condominiums in Throgs Neck (above), reportedly drove a Mercedes, wore a
Rolex watch and sat behind home plate at Yankee Stadium. His victims invested in
him because they saw how well he was doing. Photo by Mayita Mendez

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Daily News, L.P.


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             August 24, 1990 Friday
                                  Late Edition

PAYMENTS AND SCHOOL LINKED

BYLINE: From WANDA JAMROZIK in San Diego

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Agenda; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 323 words


IN principle, it sounds great - a scheme that provides powerful incentives to
keep children from poor families in school.

But in practice, a special US scheme operating in Wisconsin has attracted more
than its share of critics. Many argue that the scheme, known as Learnfare, is
unfair and that it is probably dangerous to link family welfare payments to a
good record of attendance in school.

Under Learnfare, high school students who come from families receiving welfare
payments are intensively monitored. If they are absent from school on more than
two unexcused occasions in a term, their portion of the family's welfare
benefits is cut, amounting to an average reduction of about $200 a month.

But as the State plans to expand the scheme to all school grades, documented
cases of the scheme improperly penalising families are mounting fast.

So far, more than 50 cases a month have emerged where the welfare authority cut
payments before checking why children were reported as having failed to attend
school.

Sonjia Lowe, a Milwaukee mother of three, is one who has caught the rough edge
of Learnfare. She claims that on several occasions, her monthly income $750of
has been cut by almost half, even when her children did not miss school.

As the arguments continue, researchers are struggling to measure the success or
otherwise of the scheme in terms of its power to keep poor children in school.

The University of Wisconsin Employment and Training Institute found that 28 per
cent of the 6,612 teenagers punished by Learnfare in Milwaukee County were
reported to be attending school regularly two months after their last sanctions.

But the study also found that a large number of the students punished had
problems at home that were causing them to miss school. Twenty per cent, for
example, were identified by county welfare workers as being at risk of child
abuse. Another 21 per cent had been through the Children's Court for
delinquency.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1990 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                             April 3, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Sports Briefs

BYLINE: Windsor Star; News Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Briefs; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 682  words


FLEMING LEADS KIWIS TO CRICKET WIN New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming hit an
unbeaten century Monday to lead his team to a nine-wicket win over Bangladesh in
a Cricket World Cup Super 8s match. New Zealand dismissed Bangladesh for 174
before Fleming hit 102 and Hamish Marshall reached 50 not out to take the Kiwis
to 178-1 and victory with almost 21 overs left. Marshall finished the match at
Antigua's Sir Vivian Richards Cricket Ground with a six that brought up his 12th
half-century.

CARDINALS FILL HOLE The Arizona Cardinals helped fill a big hole on their
offensive line Monday by signing free agent Mike Gandy to a three-year contract.
Gandy started all 16 games for the Buffalo Bills last season, nine at left guard
and seven at left tackle.

TOLEDO POINT SHAVING SCANDAL Athletic officials at the University of Toledo said
Monday they don't know if any more players will be charged in what the FBI says
was a point-shaving scheme. U.S. federal authorities arrested running back
Harvey (Scooter) McDougle Jr. Friday, charging him with participating in a
bribery scheme to influence sporting contests. McDougle, 22, and a senior from
East Cleveland, recruited Toledo football and basketball players to participate
in the scheme orchestrated by a Michigan man identified only as "Gary,"
according to a criminal complaint filed in U.S. District Court. McDougle told
FBI investigators he received a car, telephone and other items of value, but
insisted he never changed the way he played to affect the outcome of games,
according to the complaint. "Gary" allegedly invited the athletes to gamble and
dine at Greektown Casino in Detroit.

NO CHINA TRIP FOR NFL The exhibition game scheduled for China in August was
cancelled Monday by the NFL, which said it wanted to concentrate its "global
resources" on next October's regular-season game in London. The game had been
set for Aug. 9 in Beijing, the second of two consecutive contests between the
New England Patriots and Seattle Seahawks, who had been scheduled to meet in
Seattle the previous week.

MARADONA RECOVERS Diego Maradona will remain in hospital for at least two more
weeks while he recovers from an illness caused by excessive eating, smoking and
drinking. The former soccer star's personal physician, Alfred Cahe, told radio
Mitre Monday he originally feared Maradona was suffering from pancreatitis but
it turned out to be alcoholic hepatitis. "The type of acute hepatitis he has is
a case related to alcoholism," Cahe said. "The hospitalization will last no less
than 15 days."

JAMES RECEIVES TREATMENT LeBron James received treatment for tendinitis in his
right knee Monday, one day after sitting out the Cavaliers' loss in Boston. The
all-star forward is listed as a game-time decision for tonight's road game
against Minnesota, the team said in a statement. He will be re-evaluated
following shootaround in Minneapolis.

SINGH TO JOIN WEIR AT P.E.I. EVENT Mike Weir and Vijay Singh will come to Prince
Edward Island this summer to participate in the 2007 edition of the Making the
Connection Legends of Golf. The two PGA veterans will play an exhibition match
July 30 at Crowbush Cove Golf Course. Legends Jack Nicklaus and Tom Watson
played in the inaugural event last summer at Dundarave Golf Course.

CANADIAN CURLERS UNDEFEATED Canada's Glenn Howard recorded his fourth straight
win Monday and remains in top spot at the Ford World Men's Curling Championship.
Howard broke open a close game with Switzerland's Ralph Stockli in the morning
draw with a steal of two in the fifth end. Canada ended up winning 8-3 and is
now 4-0. Germany is second with a 3-0 record. Other games saw Peja Lindholm of
Sweden beat Norway 7-3 and Todd Birr of the United States hammer Denmark 9-1.

WEIGHT IN GOLD Power Pitt gym's Jason Byrne, Shawn O'Hallaron, Jerry Marentette,
Ron Strong and Scot Sequin each took gold at the Canadian national weightlifting
championship on the weekend in Dartmouth, Halifax. Byrne will compete at the
Junior worlds in Paris in November, while the others are invited to the Masters
worlds October in the Czech Republic.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Associated Press; HITTING FOR THE CENTURY: New Zealand's captain Stephen
Fleming plays a shot during the Super 8s match against Bangladesh at the Sir
Vivian Richards Stadium in St. Peter's, Antigua, Monday. Fleming scored 102 runs
and New Zealand went on to win by nine wickets. ;
Photo: Diego Maradona. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 24, 2015 Tuesday

FLORIDA:Four Arrested in Medicaid Fraud Scheme that Exploited the Homeless

LENGTH: 489  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


Office of the Attorney General, The state of Florida has issued the following
news release:

Attorney General Pam Bondi's Medicaid Fraud Control Unit announced the arrests
of four individuals for allegedly recruiting the homeless to bilk Medicaid out
of at least $215,000. According to the investigation, Christina Benson, owner of
Tranquility Healthcare Solutions in Orlando, billed Medicaid for services for
homeless men and women who were recruited by her associates to pose as patients.
Tranquility Healthcare Solutions allegedly billed Medicaid for services not
provided and services not warranted. The company also allegedly used personnel
who were not trained, including some who had criminal arrest records.

"Taking advantage of the homeless to essentially steal from taxpayers is
despicable and will not be tolerated in Florida," said Attorney General Bondi.
"I applaud my Medicaid Fraud Control Unit for its efforts to shut down this
elaborate fraud scheme."

The defendants allegedly offered gas cards and temporary housing to the homeless
in an effort to recruit them to seek services at Tranquility Healthcare
Solutions. Once the company obtained Medicaid IDs, it billed the Medicaid
program for Psychosocial Rehabilitation Services that were never provided. In
less than a year and a half, Tranquility Healthcare Solutions billed Medicaid
approximately $3.2 million.

As part of the scheme, Tranquility Healthcare Solutions allegedly worked in
conjunction with a local physician, Dr. Sabiha Khan. Dr. Khan allegedly falsely
claimed to be the treating provider for PSR, when many recipients stated that
they had never met Khan.

Below is a list of defendants and the charges they face.

· Christina Benson, two counts of Medicaid Provider Fraud and one count of
Organized Scheme to Defraud
    · Demetrious Davis, two counts of Medicaid Provider Fraud and one count of
Organized Scheme to Defraud
    · Harold Harrison, one count of Medicaid Provider Fraud and one count of
Organized Scheme to Defraud
    · Dr. Sabiha Khan, one count of Medicaid Provider Fraud and one count of
Organized Scheme to Defraud

Khan and Davis were arrested in Florida, Benson was arrested in Georgia, and
Harrison was arrested in North Carolina by the N.C. Medicaid Fraud Control Unit.
The Florida Attorney General's Office launched the investigation after receiving
a tip to the fraud hotline. Citizens with information on Medicaid fraud can call
the Attorney General's fraud hotline at 1-866-966-7226. The investigation will
continue and may lead to further arrests.

The Attorney General's MFCU investigates and prosecutes providers that
intentionally defraud the state's Medicaid program through fraudulent billing
practices. From Jan. 2011 to Nov. 2014, Attorney General Bondi's MFCU has
obtained more than $466 million in settlements and judgments.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                                 March 6, 2001

ARMY MENTORS CALLED UP TO CURB THE YOBS

BYLINE: EXCLUSIVE BY PATRICK O'FLYNN POLITICAL EDITOR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 454 words


RADICAL plans to send retired Army instructors into inner-city schools to put
troublesome teenagers back on the straight and narrow will be announced by a
senior minister today.

Treasury Chief Secretary Andrew Smith will give the go-ahead to six pilot "boot
camp"-style schemes in schools on crime-ridden estates.

Under the experiment - which will take place at schools in deprived parts of
Bristol, Leicester, London, Merseyside, Manchester and the West Midlands - boys
aged between 15 and 16 who are judged in danger of going off the rails will be
assigned a former soldier as a mentor.

The retired military personnel will aim to teach their charges a sense of
self-discipline, respect for authority, good manners and an appreciation of the
importance of teamwork. Similar schemes in the US have achieved dramatic results
in saving teenage boys from drifting into a life of crime and delinquency.

One "pathfinder" project already up and running in Newcastle has had encouraging
early results, leading ministers to expand the scheme.

Mr Smith will today use a speech to a London conference to announce the new
projects as part of a GBP 75 million boost to "invest to save" schemes which aim
to save money in the long term by nipping problems of social exclusion in the
bud.

A senior Government source said last night: "Many teenage boys now grow up with
an acute lack of positive male role models in their lives. Schemes in the US
show this approach works. It will give them more discipline, provide them with
good role models and cut the cost of crime later on." Another source added:
"This is not about war games or anything of the sort. But it does mark an
appreciation of the need many young men have for a more disciplined and
structured approach to life.

"With male teachers increasingly becoming a rarity in our schools, young lads
from broken homes are often left looking up to local hoodlums rather than to men
who do contribute constructively to their communities."

If the half-dozen new pilot schemes prove successful, it is expected the project
could go nationwide within three years.

Unlike existing cadet force schemes, the new projects will involve former
soldiers instructing their charges during regular school hours. The accent on
discipline involved in the schemes marks a dramatic shift in thinking within
Labour ranks.

Until recently many Labour MPs were instinctively opposed to any military-style
training of young men, for fear of heightening their aggressive instincts.

Now there is a growing recognition that a generation of alienated youngsters
would benefit hugely from learning about the benefits of greater self-discipline
and the will to achieve.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2001 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 July 27, 1999

US inquiry targets Aids funds;
Firms accused of pyramid selling

BYLINE: Jane Martinson in New York

SECTION: Guardian City Pages; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 410 words


Jane Martinson in New York

Financial regulators from four American states are investigating two investment
companies for an alleged fraud of up to $ 100m ( pounds 62.9m) involving
insurance policies for the terminally ill.

The investigation into American Benefits Services and Financial Federated Title
and Trust highlights a sector which grew out of the needs of Aids victims but
has been subject to several allegations of fraud and other financial wrongdoing
during the past 10 years.

The latest inquiry, by financial regulators in Florida, Virginia, Missouri and
Texas, was triggered by complaints from investors. These were in the main
individuals who bought into schemes offering returns based on the insurance
payouts once a terminally ill policyholder dies.

Such ventures have seen considerable growth in the United States in the past 10
years. They started because Aids victims needed to draw down some of the
expected pay-out from life insurance schemes to fund medical bills and other
living expenses in the years before they died.

Investors were encouraged to buy into these schemes for as little as $ 5,000.
They would be reimbursed with the proceeds of the death benefit.

The number of Aids victims who are living longer than initially expected has
increased the number of such schemes, which are also used by victims of other
illnesses such as cancer.

Dan Sotler, financial investigator at the West Palm Beach office of the state of
Florida, said yesterday that the inquiry was focusing on how these products were
sold and managed. It was unclear at this stage whether any alleged financial
wrongdoing had actually affected the terminally ill, he said.

'We are looking to see whether (the two companies) violated investment laws with
the products they offer," he said. 'We are not sure how many people invested in
the schemes or who was affected."

He said preliminary figures from the sales forces of both companies suggested
they had sold $ 100m of schemes.

More than 5,000 individuals were also understood to have been sold the products,
which offered returns of 40% plus a regular monthly pay-out in spite of the
uncertainty about when the death benefits would be paid.

Fred Wilsen, assistant general counsel in the Florida comptroller's office, said
he suspected the funds had been operating a pyramid scheme in which early
investors were paid by later investors rather than from actual returns.


LOAD-DATE: July 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Times Educational Supplement

                                August 26, 2011

Bill Gates bankrolls 'reverse Teach First' as scheme crosses pond

BYLINE: William Stewart

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11 No. 2229

LENGTH: 323 words


Billionaire funds initiative to develop 'missing link' in US teacher training.

The world's second-richest man, software billionaire Bill Gates, is bankrolling
the introduction of an English educational programme across the United States.

Teaching Leaders, a scheme to increase the effectiveness of department heads and
other "middle leaders" in England's secondary schools, has caught the eye of
education reformers in America.

The principle behind the project - developing the middle "missing link" in
teacher training - was given the blessing of President Obama's education team in
December 2009.

This year, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation stepped up to finance a pilot
that should make the concept a reality in 12 US regions over the next five
years.

The American programme, dubbed Leading Educators, is also being supported by
Ark, the hedge fund-backed charity that sponsors academies in England, and US
charity the New Schools Venture Fund.

The move will be seen as a "reverse Teach First", following England's adoption
of the Teach for America scheme, which brings "the brightest graduates" to the
classroom in a fast-track training programme.

Sharath Jeevan, director of Teaching Leaders in England, played a leading role
in securing support for the American expansion and believes it will also benefit
teachers on this side of the Atlantic.

"We are very excited about having the opportunity for our programmes and our
middle leaders to exchange ideas. We could have a head of maths in London
peer-mentoring with the head of a maths faculty in the US," he said.

Jonas Chartock, the American scheme's new chief executive, said: "The plan is to
get into the largest number of high-need schools possible."

Two expansion schemes in a southern state and a city in the Midwest are already
being developed and the plan is for Leading Educators to gain a presence in all
the US's big urban areas, including California, New York and New Jersey.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 TSL Education Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            December 19, 2008 Friday

With bail terms eased, Madoff avoids jail

BYLINE: Alex Berenson - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 742 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Bernard Madoff, the New York financier who the authorities say has confessed to
a $50 billion Ponzi scheme, will not be going to jail even though he failed to
meet the original terms of his $10 million bail agreement.

U.S. government prosecutors said they had modified the terms of Madoff's
agreement so that he would not need to find four people to co-sign his bond.
Madoff was unable to meet that condition, prosecutors said. Even his sons,
Andrew and Mark, were apparently unwilling to help. A lawyer for the sons said
they were unaware of the scheme and were cooperating with the authorities.

Instead, Madoff has agreed to a nightly curfew, and his wife, Ruth, will
surrender her passport, according to a filing in U.S. District Court on
Wednesday. Madoff has already given up his passport. He must remain at his
apartment in Manhattan from 7 p.m. to 9 a.m.

During the day, he will still be allowed to travel throughout Connecticut and
southern New York. Previously, he had had no restrictions on his travel in those
areas, allowing him to sleep at his oceanfront estate in Montauk, on Long
Island, if he chose.

When he was arrested last week, Madoff estimated that investors had lost as much
as $50 billion in the fraud. He has said the business was a Ponzi scheme, a type
of fraud in which early investors are paid off with money from later victims,
until no more money can be raised and the scheme collapses.

Even as Madoff's sphere of liberty shrank slightly, new details about his wealth
emerged Wednesday.

Besides a boat in Florida, he owned a yacht that he kept in the south of France
and was a regular at the Hôtel du Cap-Eden-Roc in Antibes, near Nice, where
suites rent for as much as  5,000, or more than $7,000, a night, according to a
person who had invested with him and had seen him at the hotel; the person asked
to remain anonymous because he had lost money.

BLM Air Charter, a company registered to the same address as Madoff's securities
firm, owned a share of a Cessna business jet, according to U.S. Federal Aviation
Administration records. The plane, a Citation X, is a high-performance business
jet, capable of flying across the Atlantic at 700 miles, or 1,100 kilometers, an
hour. BLM is also listed as the co-owner of a second, smaller jet, which
regularly traveled to Florida, the Bahamas and the Caribbean.

Prosecutors have been criticized for allowing Madoff relatively lenient bail
terms, given his lifestyle, the scope of his alleged fraud and the fact that
some of his victims say they have lost everything and face destitution.

Charities, individual investors, universities, hedge funds and banks have
already reported losses of more than $20 billion in the case.

Marc Litt, the assistant U.S. attorney who is overseeing the case, did not
return a call for comment on the bail agreement. A spokeswoman for the U.S.
attorney's office in Manhattan declined to comment.

Ira Lee Sorkin, a lawyer for Madoff, said he could not comment on the new
agreement. He said Ruth Madoff's surrender of her passport was ''standard
operating procedure.''

The authorities stepped up their search Wednesday for other assets belonging to
Madoff. FBI agents and investigators from the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission combed through the offices of his firm, Bernard L. Madoff Investment
Securities.

Late in the day, officials were seen removing boxes of files from the offices.
In a statement Tuesday, the SEC said Madoff had kept multiple sets of books, so
reconstructing the flow of money might require substantial effort.

Experts on the brokerage industry and money management have said it would be
nearly impossible for Madoff to have carried out the fraud, which encompassed
thousands of clients and lasted many years, without substantial help. They have
also questioned why auditors and regulators at the SEC and the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority did not notice that Madoff's firm had far fewer
assets in 2007 than the $17 billion he claimed to be managing.

The authorities also would like to determine Madoff's motivation for the fraud,
when it began and how much of the money he had spent on himself.

Government authorities have served a subpoena on the small Rockland County, New
York, accounting firm that served as the auditor for Madoff's company, according
to a person briefed on the matter.

Andrew Lankler, a lawyer for David Friehling, the principal of the firm
Friehling & Horowitz, declined to discuss details of the case.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            December 19, 2008 Friday

With bail terms eased, Madoff avoids jail

BYLINE: Alex Berenson - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 742 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Bernard Madoff, the New York financier who the authorities say has confessed to
a $50 billion Ponzi scheme, will not be going to jail even though he failed to
meet the original terms of his $10 million bail agreement.

U.S. government prosecutors said they had modified the terms of Madoff's
agreement so that he would not need to find four people to co-sign his bond.
Madoff was unable to meet that condition, prosecutors said. Even his sons,
Andrew and Mark, were apparently unwilling to help. A lawyer for the sons said
they were unaware of the scheme and were cooperating with the authorities.

Instead, Madoff has agreed to a nightly curfew, and his wife, Ruth, will
surrender her passport, according to a filing in U.S. District Court on
Wednesday. Madoff has already given up his passport. He must remain at his
apartment in Manhattan from 7 p.m. to 9 a.m.

During the day, he will still be allowed to travel throughout Connecticut and
southern New York. Previously, he had had no restrictions on his travel in those
areas, allowing him to sleep at his oceanfront estate in Montauk, on Long
Island, if he chose.

When he was arrested last week, Madoff estimated that investors had lost as much
as $50 billion in the fraud. He has said the business was a Ponzi scheme, a type
of fraud in which early investors are paid off with money from later victims,
until no more money can be raised and the scheme collapses.

Even as Madoff's sphere of liberty shrank slightly, new details about his wealth
emerged Wednesday.

Besides a boat in Florida, he owned a yacht that he kept in the south of France
and was a regular at the Hôtel du Cap-Eden-Roc in Antibes, near Nice, where
suites rent for as much as  5,000, or more than $7,000, a night, according to a
person who had invested with him and had seen him at the hotel; the person asked
to remain anonymous because he had lost money.

BLM Air Charter, a company registered to the same address as Madoff's securities
firm, owned a share of a Cessna business jet, according to U.S. Federal Aviation
Administration records. The plane, a Citation X, is a high-performance business
jet, capable of flying across the Atlantic at 700 miles, or 1,100 kilometers, an
hour. BLM is also listed as the co-owner of a second, smaller jet, which
regularly traveled to Florida, the Bahamas and the Caribbean.

Prosecutors have been criticized for allowing Madoff relatively lenient bail
terms, given his lifestyle, the scope of his alleged fraud and the fact that
some of his victims say they have lost everything and face destitution.

Charities, individual investors, universities, hedge funds and banks have
already reported losses of more than $20 billion in the case.

Marc Litt, the assistant U.S. attorney who is overseeing the case, did not
return a call for comment on the bail agreement. A spokeswoman for the U.S.
attorney's office in Manhattan declined to comment.

Ira Lee Sorkin, a lawyer for Madoff, said he could not comment on the new
agreement. He said Ruth Madoff's surrender of her passport was ''standard
operating procedure.''

The authorities stepped up their search Wednesday for other assets belonging to
Madoff. FBI agents and investigators from the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission combed through the offices of his firm, Bernard L. Madoff Investment
Securities.

Late in the day, officials were seen removing boxes of files from the offices.
In a statement Tuesday, the SEC said Madoff had kept multiple sets of books, so
reconstructing the flow of money might require substantial effort.

Experts on the brokerage industry and money management have said it would be
nearly impossible for Madoff to have carried out the fraud, which encompassed
thousands of clients and lasted many years, without substantial help. They have
also questioned why auditors and regulators at the SEC and the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority did not notice that Madoff's firm had far fewer
assets in 2007 than the $17 billion he claimed to be managing.

The authorities also would like to determine Madoff's motivation for the fraud,
when it began and how much of the money he had spent on himself.

Government authorities have served a subpoena on the small Rockland County, New
York, accounting firm that served as the auditor for Madoff's company, according
to a person briefed on the matter.

Andrew Lankler, a lawyer for David Friehling, the principal of the firm
Friehling & Horowitz, declined to discuss details of the case.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 2, 1997, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Teamsters President Becomes Grand Jury Witness

BYLINE: By STEVEN GREENHOUSE

SECTION: Section A; Page 12; Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 596 words


Ron Carey, the embattled teamsters' president, appeared yesterday before a
Federal grand jury in Manhattan and defended himself against accusations that he
knew of a fraudulent scheme to divert the union's money into his campaign
coffers.

A spokesman for Mr. Carey, John Bell, said the teamsters' chief did not know of
the fund-raising scheme. Mr. Bell added that Mr. Carey was cooperating with the
investigation and that Federal prosecutors had reassured Mr. Carey that he was
not a target of the grand jury

Two weeks ago, Mr. Carey's campaign manager, Jere Nash, and a Carey fund-raiser
and direct-mail consultant, Martin Davis, pleaded guilty to fraud along with
Michael Ansara, the head of a telemarketing company that did work for the
teamsters. Lawyers involved in the case said Mr. Carey had been called before
the grand jury to respond to accusations made by these former aides.

"Based on today's appearance before the grand jury, I continue to believe the
outcome for Mr. Carey will be fine," said Reid Weingarten, a lawyer for Mr.
Carey.

Lawyers involved in the investigation said prosecutors might be holding off on
formally making Mr. Carey a target as they seek to build their case about
illegal fund-raising in his 1996 re-election campaign.

Officials involved in the investigation say aides to Mr. Carey have told Federal
prosecutors and a Federal election overseer that the union leader had general
knowledge of a scheme for the union to donate money to groups that would then
recycle it into Mr. Carey's campaign.

Mr. Carey testified for three hours yesterday in his second appearance before
the grand jury. He also testified in August.

Mr. Bell suggested that some of those who pleaded guilty had incriminated Mr.
Carey in an effort to win more favorable treatment at sentencing.

"Various teamster employees and outside vendors once associated with the Carey
campaign appear to have had enormous incentives placed upon them by Federal
prosecutors to cooperate and lay knowledge of the illegal schemes on Ron Carey's
desk -- where it does not belong," he said.

He insisted that the scheme was mainly an effort by several campaign consultants
and vendors to enrich themselves.

According to Federal criminal charges, Mr. Davis was the mastermind of several
contribution swap schemes. Some of the schemes called for liberal groups that
received union money to give money to Mr. Davis's direct-mail firm, in the form
of a sham contract, so he could use the money to help Mr. Carey's campaign.
Another scheme called for the teamsters to contribute hundreds of thousands of
dollars to the Democratic Party in exchange for having a Democratic donor give
$100,000 to the Carey campaign.

Another scheme Mr. Davis proposed called for the teamsters to sign a $97,000
contract with Mr. Ansara's telemarketing firm and for Mr. Ansara's wife to
contribute $95,000 to the Carey campaign.

Mr. Davis agreed to make restitution of $500,000, Mr. Ansara $395,000 and Mr.
Nash $25,000. Federal officials say the money will be used to help finance the
new teamster election that was ordered by Barbara Zack Quindel, the Federal
official who oversaw last year's teamsters election.

In August, Ms. Quindel overturned Mr. Carey's victory over James P. Hoffa after
she found that widespread illicit fund-raising helped him win last December. The
new election is scheduled for January.

Ms. Quindel has stepped down from her post, and yesterday, Federal officials
appointed an interim election officer, Benetta Mansfield, who was an assistant
to Ms. Quindel

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 29, 2014 Tuesday

US Patent granted to Marvell International Ltd (BM) on April 29 titled as
"Selecting modulation and coding scheme in the presence of interference"

LENGTH: 262  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,712,333 on
April 29, 2014, to Marvell International Ltd (BM), titled as "Selecting
modulation and coding scheme in the presence of interference"

Inventors:  Lee; Jungwon (San Diego, CA)
Assignee:  Marvell International Ltd (Hamilton, BM)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
system including a sensing module to sense an interference signal in a wireless
channel, determine whether the interference signal is noise or a modulated
signal transmitted by a device, and attempt to determine a modulation scheme of
the modulated signal. A capacity determination module determines capacities of
the wireless channel to transmit data using a plurality of modulation schemes.
The plurality of modulation schemes includes (i) the modulation scheme used by
the device to modulate the modulated signal if the sensing module can determine
the modulation scheme of the modulated signal and (ii) one or more modulation
schemes that can be used by the device to modulate the modulated signal if the
sensing module cannot determine the modulation scheme of the modulated signal. A
selection module selects, based on the capacities of the wireless channel, one
of the plurality of modulation schemes to transmit data over the wireless
channel."

The patent was filed on January 15, 2013 Application no. 13/742,081

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 14, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Remarks by Acting Assistant Attorney General David A. O'Neil for the
Medicare Fraud Strike Force Takedown

LENGTH: 838  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

In today's nationwide takedown, scores of defendants were arrested across the
country for engaging in health care fraud - to the tune of hundreds of millions
of dollars in fraudulent bills to Medicare. Among the defendants charged today
were doctors, home health care providers, doctor's assistants, pharmacy owners
and medical supply company executives. The crimes charged represent the face of
health care fraud today - doctors billing for services that were never rendered,
supply companies providing motorized wheelchairs that were never needed,
recruiters paying kickbacks to get Medicare billing numbers of patients. The
fraud was rampant, it was brazen, and it permeated every part of the Medicare
system.

But law enforcement is striking back. In Brooklyn, Tampa, Detroit, Houston, Los
Angeles, and right here in Miami, 90 defendants were charged today with having
submitted over $260 million in fraudulent claims to Medicare. Using
cutting-edge, data-driven investigative techniques to find fraud, we are
bringing fraudsters to justice and saving the American taxpayers billions of
dollars. Overall, since its inception, the Department of Justice's Medicare
Strike Force has charged nearly 1,900 individuals involved in approximately $6
billion of fraud.

Today's defendants played a variety of key roles in the schemes alleged in this
takedown. But most strikingly, at the center of this takedown are the 27 medical
professionals, including 15 physicians, who we allege breached the public trust
and their professional duties of care, selling out their medical licenses for
the lure of easy money.

For example, in Houston, we are announcing charges against five doctors employed
by a health care clinic who were paid to provide $1.4 million worth of referrals
for home health treatments that were not necessary and often not even provided.

In Los Angeles, we have charged a physician with false billings for medically
unnecessary home health and medical equipment orders that cost Medicare over $23
million -- including hundreds of expensive power wheelchairs for people who did
not need or want them.

In some of these schemes, we saw doctors going to extravagant lengths to conceal
their fraud. In Detroit, we charged a doctor who allegedly conspired with his
billing company to conceal his false billings through a complex web of sham
partnerships with other health care companies.

In other schemes, we seized extravagant fruits of the crimes, including bank
accounts, jewelry, and luxury vehicles tied to the scheme.

The foundation for the success of the Medicare Fraud Strike Force is data. Cold,
hard data. Medicare recently made physician billing data public for the first
time, which has prompted reporters and researchers to take a close look at who
is billing Medicare for what. Our agents and prosecutors have used those numbers
and other real-time data for years. We take that data, provided to us by CMS,
and we use sophisticated analytic tools to identify billing patterns that stand
out compared to other health care providers in their communities. The result? We
have identified billions of dollars in Medicare fraud, spread across the
country. This real-time data helps us pinpoint new schemes as they arise so we
can stay one step ahead of the fraudsters.

But it is not just data. We are also using traditional law enforcement
techniques used in other types of investigations, like those used in corruption
or organized crime cases, to develop evidence. Undercover officers, Title III
wiretaps, hidden cameras, GPS trackers. And I also want to highlight the role
that Medicare beneficiaries can play in rooting out fraud. In many of the
schemes charged today, powerful evidence of fraud came from Medicare
beneficiaries finding out what was billed to Medicare using their numbers and
coming forward to tell law enforcement what they were seeing.

We are investigating and prosecuting all levels of these schemes - from the
recruiters to the medical professionals to the owners of these clinics. We will
bring to justice those who steal from Medicare. With an overall conviction rate
of 95%, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force has sent that message to over 1,400
Medicare fraudsters who have been convicted since the Strike Force began
operations in 2007. In fact, just yesterday, a jury convicted a Dallas doctor
who took cash in exchange for falsely certifying that Medicare beneficiaries
qualified for home health services.

Make no mistake, together with our partners in the U.S. Attorneys' Offices, the
FBI, and the Department of Health and Human Services, the Criminal Division of
the Department of Justice will continue to aggressively investigate health care
fraud using every tool available to us. We are committed to the fight against
Medicare fraud. We will bring to justice those who loot our nation's health care
funds, and we will recover what has been stolen.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                          September 22, 2012 Saturday

Guilty plea offered in Southeast Georgia Medicare scam;
Armenian national was accused of setting up phony clinics in region

BYLINE: Terry Dickson

SECTION: Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 711 words


BRUNSWICK | An Armenian national pleaded guilty Friday to helping set up phony
clinics in Brunswick and Savannah that were used to submit nearly $400,000 in
false Medicare claims.

Speaking through an interpreter, Khoren Gasparian, 29, acknowledged to Chief
U.S. District Judge Lisa Godbey Wood his role in a fraud scheme that stretched
from New York to Los Angeles.

Run from Los Angeles by Armenian immigrant Arthur Mansarian, the scheme used
doctors' and patients' identifications that were stolen to submit more than $200
million in phony claims.

Mansarian, 49, pleaded guilty to submitting $7.4 million in false claims through
nine phony medical supply businesses and is serving a 14-year prison sentence.
At his sentencing, Wood ordered him to repay the government $1.8 million.

Shahak Tumanyan, 44, who pleaded guilty to money laundering, is serving five
years and must pay $309,000 in restitution. Tumanyan is in the country illegally
and will be deported as soon as he completes his sentence.

When the government began making arrests in the scheme last year, Gasparian was
living in Moscow and saw international news accounts, FBI Special Agent Tony
Alig testified Friday in Gasparian's change of plea hearing.

Gasparian went to the U.S. legal attache's office in Moscow and told officials
there of his role in the scheme, Alig said.

Familiar of the harsh treatment of suspects in Eastern Europe, Gasparian was
initially fearful, Alig said.

"When he was assured he would be treated politely and fairly, he agreed to
return,'' Alig said.

Gasparian flew to Washington on July 7, 2011, and was arrested. He admitted that
the clinics he helped set up in Savannah and Brunswick were "completely a
fraud,'' Alig testified.

He also confessed to similar activities in New Mexico, where he is serving a
three-year sentence in federal prison.

Rather than be tried on the charges in an indictment, Gasparian pleaded guilty
to a criminal complaint from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern
District of Georgia charging him with a single count of conspiracy to commit
medicare fraud.

To carry out his part of the scheme, Gasparian set up three storefront clinics
in Savannah called SOJ, Healthy Families and Savannah Medical, and one in
Brunswick called Brunswick Medical Supply. The later was on Gloucester Street a
few blocks south of the federal courthouse where he entered his plea Friday.

Gasparian used stolen Medicare providers' identifications to establish the
corporations, set up bank accounts and rented post office boxes where Medicare
mailed claims, Alig said.

The claims were typically for wheelchairs, walkers, canes and other equipment.
It caused some legitimate Medicare beneficiaries hardship because when they
tried to buy needed supplies, Medicare sometimes had already paid a false claim
for the same items.

The offices in the coast-to-coast scheme typically had only one employee who
picked up the mail and sent the checks to Manasarian's office in Los Angeles,
where they were cashed at a liquor store, Alig testified in an earlier hearing.

The identities of two physicians were stolen to establish the Savannah clinics,
Alig said.

Neither doctor know their Medicare provider numbers were being used, Alig said.

Alig said that although Gasparian used the stolen identities, he did not
personally steal them nor did he submit any false claims.

In fact, Medicare was warned of the scheme and did not pay any of the $393,000
in false claims submitted through the shell corporations Gasparian established,
Alig said.

Medicare kept accepting the claims, Alig said, while he, Special Agent David
Graupner of Health and Human Services and other investigators continued building
their case.

Wood told Gasparian he could be sentenced up to three years in prison, fined
$250,000 and placed on three years probation. The government agreed, however,
for him to get a lighter sentence for admitting his guilt and helping in the
investigation, Assistant U.S. Attorney Brian Rafferty said. The government also
agrees that he may serve any sentence concurrently with the one he already is
serving in New Mexico, Rafferty said.

Wood told Gasparian she would schedule his sentencing after federal probation
officers complete a pre-sentencing investigation.

Terry Dickson: (912) 264-0405

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Florida Times-Union


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                              Sonali Bank Limited

                      35-42, 44 Motijheel Commercial Area
                                   Dhaka 1000
                                   Bangladesh

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   Sonali Bank Limited (Sonali Bank) is a commercial bank. The bank provides a
range of banking and other financial products and services. It offers wide range
of products and services such as deposit accounts, education deposits, medicare
deposits, marriage savings deposits, monthly earnings deposits, letters of
credit, rural credit, micro credit, consumer credit, crop lending, import and
export finance, housing loans, gold loans, SME loan, foreign currency accounts,
investment bonds, debit cards and credit cards. In addition, it offers
international banking services, Islamic banking services, industrial financing,
SME banking services, ancillary services and foreign remittance services.
Through these products and services, the bank serves its individual and
corporate clients. It distributes its products and services through a network of
branches and online. The bank has a presence in Bangladesh, the UK, the US,
Saudi Arabia and India. Sonali Bank is headquartered in Dhaka, Bangladesh.


BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:



Sonali Bank is a financial service provider based in Bangladesh. The bank offers
a range of commercial banking and financial products and services to individual,
commercial, corporate and institutional clients. The bank operates through a
network of 1,208 domestic branches and two overseas branches in India as on
December 31, 2015. It also has presence in the UK, the US, Saudi Arabia and
Kuwait.

The bank classifies its product and services into nine divisions: Personal
Banking, Rural Credit Facility, Micro Credit Facility, International Banking,
Industrial Financing, Deposits and Credit Schemes, SME Banking, Foreign Currency
Account and Investment Bonds.

The bank, under Personal Banking division, offers funds transfer services,
locker facilities, and corporate client services, saving accounts, daily profit
accounts and trade finance.

Under the Rural Credit Facility division, the bank offers loans to agricultural
sector under the Special Agricultural Credit Program to the farmers, who are
affected by the natural disaster. The bank also provides help to young
entrepreneurs in the agricultural sector.

Under the Micro Credit division, the bank offers various program to improve the
living condition of the people, for self employment, and for rural
socio-economic development and to reduce poverty in urban and semi-urban and
rural areas. The few programs offered by the bank include Bank-NGO linkage
wholesale credit, goat rearing, lamb rearing, fruit, herbal, medicinal and
nursery development credit scheme and loan program for disabled person. Under
this division, there are 32 micro credit projects been run by the bank.

The bank, under International Banking division, offers pre-shipment and post
shipment credits, facilitates supplier's credit, letters of credit, foreign
currency guarantees, convertible and non convertible Taka accounts, non-resident
foreign currency deposits, resident foreign currency deposits, bill purchasing
and discounting, import collection services and shipping guarantees, export
letters of credit advising, and post import financing.

Under Industrial Financing division the bank offers finance to cottage
industries, small-medium-large scale industries and self-employed person. Its
major offering include software development and data processing finance, finance
to large scale industries through banks' consortium, and special investment
scheme for cottage and small industries. The bank also offers low rate of
interest finance to the thrust sector such as agro-based industries, stuffed
toys, frozen foods, manufacture of artificial flowers, oil and gas, and
sericulture and silk industries. It also offers finance to textile industry,
sweater industry, tourism, hotel and resort facilities, power generating plant,
pharmaceutical industry, hospitals and clinics, LPG, CNG filling and conversion
plant.

The bank, under Deposit and Credit Schemes division, offers education deposit
schemes, medi-care deposit schemes, rural deposit schemes, marriage saving
schemes, monthly earning schemes, double benefits schemes, school banking
schemes, consumers credit schemes, special small credit schemes, loan for
diagnostic center and information technology finance credit schemes.

Through SME banking division, the bank offers loans to small and medium
enterprises. Its offering includes term loans, project loans and working capital
loans.

The bank, under Foreign Currency Account division, offers foreign currency
accounts, non-resident foreign currency deposit accounts, and resident foreign
currency deposit accounts.

Whereas, the bank's Investment Bond division provides wage earners development
bonds, US dollar investment bonds, government treasury bill and bonds, and US
dollar premium bonds.

The bank also operates through two subsidiaries, Sonali Exchange Company
Incorporated (SECI) and Sonali Investment Limited.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *









LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            January 23, 2007 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

EAGLE GURU GOES BLUE. Giants tap Spagnuolo to lead defense

BYLINE: BY RALPH VACCHIANO DAILY NEWS SPORTS WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 60

LENGTH: 525 words


THE GIANTS HAVE been getting headaches from Jim Johnson's blitz-happy
Philadelphia Eagles defense for most of the last decade. Now they'll finally
have a chance to show the Eagles how it feels.

Steve Spagnuolo, the Eagles' linebackers coach since 2004 and one of Johnson's
top disciples for the last eight seasons, was named the Giants' new defensive
coordinator yesterday. He replaced Tim Lewis, who was fired two weeks ago, and
he vowed to try and revive the Giants' sagging defense by using Johnson's scheme
.

"Obviously, you guys have seen the Giants-Eagles contests the last few years,"
said the 47-year-old, who got his start as a graduate assistant at UMass in 1982
after three seasons as a wide receiver at Springfield (Mass.) College. "That's
obviously going to be the bulk of what I am and what I do because I believe in
it and it's successful."

That was also, obviously, a huge selling point for Tom Coughlin, who was
searching for a coach who had been an apprentice to one of the NFL's masters.

"It wasn't just a matter of the aggressiveness because the scheme we have played
here has been an aggressive scheme," Coughlin said from the Senior Bowl in
Mobile, Ala. "I just thought it was such an attractive commodity to have a guy
who has worked to a great extent and in great detail with one of the recognized
outstanding defensive coaches in our league."

Spagnuolo wasn't specific about much of what he planned to do with the Giants'
defense, which was ranked 25th in the NFL this season, or whether the Giants
even had the right personnel for the new scheme. He was only offered the job
after an interview on Sunday, so he admitted, "I don't have a good feel for that
right now."

Coughlin obviously has a good enough feel for him, though, since he said
Spagnuolo was the only candidate he formally interviewed. Spagnuolo even has a
tie to Coughlin in his past. He was the defensive line and special teams coach
of the then-World League's Barcelona Dragons in 1992. Barcelona's head coach was
Jack Bicknell, who was Coughlin's boss at Boston College from 1981-83.

Most importantly, Coughlin said, "(Spagnuolo's) philosophy is an aggressive
philosophy." And Spagnuolo knows he wants the Giants to add players who "play
aggressive and play fast."

Coughlin said all the other defensive assistants are expected to return next
season. He also said his search for a new quarterbacks coach - the lone
remaining vacancy on his staff - is "ongoing."

Graphic: Age: 47

Born: Dec. 21, 1959 in Grafton, Mass.

College experience:

Defensive coordinator for Connecticut and Maine universities. Assistant coaching
stints at Massachusetts, Lafayette, Rutgers and Bowling Green.

World League/NFL Europe: Coached special teams and defensive line for Barcelona
Dragons in 1992. Defensive coordinator for World Bowl champion Frankfurt Galaxy
in 1998.

Pro experience: In 1999, Spagnuolo joined the Philadelphia Eagles as a defensive
assistant. Two years later, he moved up to defensive backs coach and then in
2004 took over as linebackers coach, overseeing the devolpment of Jeremiah
Trotter. During six of his eight seasons with the Eagles, Spagnuolo produced a
Pro Bowler.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            July 22, 2015 Wednesday

Modesto Man Sentenced in Two Schemes That Defrauded Investors of More Than $1
Million

LENGTH: 372  words


FRESNO, CA-Xue Heu, 38, of Modesto, was sentenced today to five years and three
months in prison, to be followed by three years of supervised release, for
investment fraud schemes in Fresno and Texas, United States Attorney Benjamin B.
Wagner announced.

United States District Judge Lawrence J. O'Neill also ordered Heu to pay
$1,166,366 in restitution to victims of the two fraud schemes.

According to court documents, between August 2007 and October 2013, Heu
solicited individuals to invest in real estate businesses that purchased and
sold real estate. Heu claimed to be an officer of Liquid Assets & Land
Investments Inc. and Capital Land Investments LLC. In furtherance of the scheme
and to persuade the investors that the investment opportunities were legitimate,
Heu gave investors fraudulent documents, such as forged and fictitious grant
deeds, fraudulent HUD-1 settlement statements, and portfolio listings of
properties he claimed he intended to purchase, including properties that had
already been sold and were no longer available to purchase. In his plea
agreement, Heu admitted to defrauding investors of approximately $412,896.

According to court documents, between October 1, 2013, and December 31, 2013,
Heu and others executed a second scheme to defraud real estate investors. Heu,
using the alias "Michael Chan," purported to be a representative of the Troubled
Asset Relief Program (TARP) and an authorized seller of property that had been
foreclosed on by the United States government. Heu and a co-defendant lured
investors into placing funds into escrow accounts established by another
co-defendant and then converted the money to their own use. In his plea
agreement, Heu admitted he was responsible for a loss to victims of $762,897.
This case was originally charged in the Western District of Texas, San Antonio
Division, and was transferred to the Eastern District of California for Heu's
guilty plea and sentencing.

These cases were the product of investigations by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation in Modesto, California and San Antonio, Texas and the Stanislaus
County District Attorney's Office. Assistant United States Attorney Henry Z.
Carbajal III prosecuted the cases. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

              September 7, 1991, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

Rams ape Eagles in defence scheme

BYLINE: (Special)

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B9

LENGTH: 325 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


   NEW YORK (Special) - After the Los Angeles Rams yielded 412 points and went
5-11 last season, head coach John Robinson decided it was time to reconstruct
his defence. Out the door went defensive coordinator Fritz Shurmur and his
passive 3-4 scheme and in came Jeff Fisher and his reckless 4-3.

It looks very familiar to the New York Giants.

"It's like the Eagles of the past," Jeff Hostetler said about the unit the
Giants have studied all week and will face tomorrow at Giants Stadium. "They
move to the ball. They fly to the ball."

On paper, the Rams' style looks exactly like the Eagles' scheme, which the
Giants see twice a year. Fisher arrived from Philadelphia, where he spent the
previous five seasons as a Buddy Ryan disciple. He brought his playbook, his
innovative approach, his attacking philosophy.

But on the field, the Rams' new four-man front doesn't remind many people of the
Eagles' intimidating troupe. At right defensive end you can put Kevin Greene (an
NFL-high 46 sacks the last three years) in Reggie White's class, although Greene
is not as good. But defensive tackles Alvin Wright and Mike Piel rarely are
confused with the Eagles' Mike Pitts and Jerome Brown. And where the Eagles line
up Clyde Simmons, the Rams are starting left defensive end Karl Wilson, a Plan B
pickup from Miami.

"It's a go-get-'em scheme as opposed to defend the fort," Robinson said.

Robinson and Fisher agree that the trend in the NFL is shifting from the
passive, risk-free zone schemes to the gambling, attacking, man-to-man styles.
Although it's riskier for coaches to fit players into a particular scheme than
it is to design a scheme for a particular group of players, the Rams love what
Fisher is preaching.

"We're free," middle linebacker Frank Stams said. "I think this is a defense
that lets you loose, lets you be yourself, lets individual make big plays.
You're an individual in a team sense."football

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Long Island Business News (New York)

                              May 15, 2015 Friday

Freeport woman charged in ID theft scheme across 31 states

BYLINE: Joseph Kellard

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 563  words


A Freeport woman is accused of stealing the identities of hundreds of people in
31 states as part of scheme to pilfer hundreds of thousands of dollars.

Seerojnie Ram, a.k.a., Seerojnie Mohan, 47, was arrested on an assortment of
charges, including grand larceny, identity theft and falsifying business
records, on Wednesday. According to the Nassau County District Attorney's
Office, between Oct. 1, 2013 and May 13, 2015, Ram fraudulently submitted over
200 personal income tax returns for the tax years of 2013 and 2014
electronically to the Internal Revenue Service, the New York State Department of
Taxation and Finance, and the West Virginia State Tax Department.

Ram used the names and social security numbers of 250 people without their
permission or knowledge and thereby received thousands of dollars in income tax
refunds from the IRS, New York State Department of Taxation and Finance and the
West Virginia State Tax Department. She also filed fraudulent income tax returns
with tax authorities in South Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, and
Kentucky to obtain more fraudulent refunds, said acting DA Madeline Singas.
Further, Ram obtained identities - including those of deceased or disabled
persons - and filed forged US Postal Service Change of Address forms or IRS
Change of Address forms in order to change the addresses of hundreds of
individuals to addresses under her control.

According to prosecutors, Ram also submitted credit or debit card applications
in the names of more than 50 non-existent people to financial institutions,
including Capital One, Citibank, Wells Fargo, TD Bank, USAA Savings Bank, and
Discover, to obtain credit or debit card accounts using those fictitious names.
She also opened checking accounts in numerous fictitious identities.

"The evidence of identity theft and financial fraud uncovered in this case is
staggering - and serves as a wake-up call for anyone who is not already aware of
this widespread and growing sector of illegal activity," Singas said. "Identity
theft schemes do not stop at Nassau's borders, which makes my office's
partnership with the U.S. Postal Inspection Service all the more important as we
fight to protect the public from the lasting damage these scams can inflict on
victims. "

The scheme was unveiled after the U.S. Postal Inspection Service discovered that
mail in the name of many different individuals was being sent to the same
address. The USPS then referred the case to the DA's office for investigation,
with assistance by the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance.
Records show that Ram spent money obtained through this scheme for trips to
Atlantic City, for cruises, and to furnish her home. She often used postal money
orders to conceal money flow - for example, paying the lease on her 2015 BMW X6.
Despite hundreds of thousands of dollars of money being moved through her
accounts, Ram filed for bankruptcy in 2015 and even received Medicaid benefits.

Nassau District Court Judge James Darcy arraigned Ram  and set bail at $250,000
cash or bond on Thursday. If convicted of the top charge, Ram faces up to seven
years in prison. Ram is represented by the Legal Aid Society of Nassau County
and is scheduled to return to court on May 18.

http://www.libn.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 11, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Bennett Funding Executive in Guilty Plea

BYLINE: By LESLIE EATON

SECTION: Section D; Page 13; Column 4; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 715 words


Kenneth P. Kasarjian was house proud -- so much so that his lavish home in
Mahwah, N.J., was in a feature in Architectural Digest.

So much so that he ignored warning signs that the company he worked for, the
Bennett Funding Group of Syracuse, was turning into a giant Ponzi scheme.
(Regulators say it was the biggest in history.)

And so much so that when Bennett filed for bankruptcy protection last year, he
destroyed documents to try to protect his house; he had borrowed $1.2 million
from Bennett to pay for it.

But Mr. Kasarjian has agreed to give up the house -- and his freedom. He pleaded
guilty yesterday in Federal court in Manhattan to securities fraud, conspiracy
to obstruct justice and conspiracy to commit bankruptcy fraud.

"I was lulled by a life style -- that's what brought me here today," he told
Judge Deborah A. Batts. Mr. Kasarjian, who is scheduled to be sentenced in July,
faces a maximum of 30 years in jail.

According to his lawyer, John M. Fedders, Mr. Kasarjian has already paid more
than $400,000 in restitution, and will pay an additional $900,000 from the sale
of his house. He has been cooperating with Federal officials investigating
Bennett Funding.

That is small consolation to the 12,000 investors, mostly from New York, New
Jersey, Pennsylvania and Florida, who have yet to recover any of the hundreds of
millions of dollars they contend they are owed.

And their prospects do not look very good. Although Richard C. Breeden, the
former chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission who is now the trustee
for Bennett, has collected $205 million so far, "Essentially all of that has
been claimed by banks," he said yesterday. He is fighting those claims, and
hopes to get investors back more than 20 cents for each dollar they invested.

Bennett Funding, a seemingly successful family business that was at one time the
pride of Syracuse, leased equipment like photocopiers and fax machines,
primarily to governments. Bennett then sold the leases to investors or used them
as collateral to borrow money from banks. The problem was that it sometimes did
both at the same time.

Basically, Bennett pledged leases to banks, and then sold the same leases to
several different investors, Federal prosecutors contend. Between 1990 and 1996,
it purported to buy and sell to investors more than $1.5 billion of lease
contracts.

The money all went into a giant "honey pot," Mr. Breeden said, which Patrick
Bennett, the son of the founders and the chief financial officer, could use as
he wished. Some of the money went to pay off early investors; the Bennett family
also used the money "to plunge very heavily into gambling properties, and lost
their shirt in every last one," Mr. Breeden said.

Last year, Mr. Bennett was charged with securities fraud and perjury; no date
has been set for a trial. Michael S. Sommer, the assistant United States
attorney handling the Bennett investigation, said it was continuing, and that
more charges were likely.

Mr. Bennett has denied the allegations. "We continue to maintain there was no
intentional wrongdoing," his lawyer, John Harris, said.

Mr. Kasarjian was a senior vice president of Bennett and organized a network of
stockbrokers who sold the leases, mainly to elderly and conservative investors.
Some of these leases were sold to more than one investor, some were pledged to
banks, and some were utter fiction, according to the criminal information filed
in court yesterday.

Bennett also sold notes to investors, who received copies of the company's
financial statements. But these documents were misleading because Mr. Kasarjian
helped Bennett cover up losses by engaging in sham transactions, the information
says.

After leaving Bennett in 1995, Mr. Kasarjian set up some funds that raised $27
million from investors to be invested in lease contracts. Mr. Kasarjian turned
that money over to Bennett.

When the S.E.C. began looking into Bennett, Mr. Kasarjian lied to investigators,
according to the complaint. The commission filed a civil complaint against him
yesterday.

As Mr. Breeden works to unravel the Bennett mess, he has reached one conclusion
about leasing contracts. "No individual investor, ever, in his right mind should
be buying one of these things," he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           November 9, 2011 Wednesday

SEC charges 2 executives for role in Petters Ponzi scheme

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: INTL BIZ BRIEFING

LENGTH: 493 words


The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has charged two former executives
with a Minnesota-based hedge fund for their roles in the Tom Petters $3.5
billion Ponzi scheme.

The civil lawsuit, filed Wednesday in federal court, accuses James Fry, owner of
Arrowhead Capital Management, and Michelle Palm, who served as managing director
of the firm, of violating securities laws. It seeks to bar the two from the
securities industry and repayment of the money they made through their
involvement.

The lawsuit says that from 1998 to 2008, when the scheme collapsed, Fry and Palm
misrepresented to investors how money flowed in the Petters-related investments.
The funds took in $600 million over that time, and Arrowhead Capital collected
$42 million in fees.

Fry, of Long Lake, and Palm, of Edina, already have been charged with criminal
fraud counts related to the Petters scheme. Palm pleaded guilty to securities
fraud and lying to investigators in April; at that hearing, a prosecutor said
she had a "minor role" in the Ponzi scheme.

Fry was indicted on multiple fraud counts in July. His criminal trial is
scheduled for the spring.

Comcast adds 150 jobs at St. Paul center

Comcast said Thursday that it is adding 150 new customer service positions to
its St. Paul call center.

That would bring to 600 the number of jobs the nation's largest cable company
has brought to the Twin Cities so far this year. In April, Comcast announced 450
new positions at its call center in Minnetonka, and some of those positions are
still open, a Comcast spokeswoman said.

Comcast officials said the company now employs more than 1,800 employees in the
Twin Cities region. The company is Minnesota's dominant cable service provider.

To apply for employment or for more information, Comcast said applicants can
visitcomcast.com/careers .

Photo firm Lifetouch buys Olan Mills

Eden Prairie-based photography company Lifetouch has purchased Olan Mills and
expects to hire nearly all the Chattanooga, Tenn.-based company's 4,000
employees. Financial terms were not disclosed.

The companies are longtime competitors in the church directory and direct sales
fields.

Olan Mills was founded in 1932, and Lifetouch was started in 1936.

Employee-owned Lifetouch has more than 22,000 employees and annual sales of more
than $1 billion. Olan Mills II, the company's longtime chairman, CEO and the son
of its founder, called the combination a logical one because the businesses fit
well and have similar corporate cultures.

Lifetouch spokesman Kelvin Miller said the company is buying all of Olan Mills,
including stand-alone establishments, leased properties and the Chattanooga
facilities.

Olan Mills serves 11,000 churches and publishes more than 3 million church
directories each year. It also has thousands of studio sites in Kmart, Belk and
Macy's locations nationally. In 1999, Olan Mills sold its schools unit to
Lifetouch, which has operations in Cleveland, Tenn.

- From staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           January 15, 2009 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Turner, Dennison may stay

BYLINE: Lindsay H. Jones The Denver Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C-07

LENGTH: 438 words


At least one of Mike Shanahan's longtime assistants is expected to be back on
the Denver sideline next season.

Running backs coach Bobby Turner, who has held that job since 1995, has been
offered that role on new coach Josh McDaniels' staff, according to an NFL
source.

Turner had no comment Wednesday night.

McDaniels met with Turner and offensive line coach Rick Dennison on Tuesday. It
is unclear whether Dennison has been officially offered a job in Denver, though
a source said it is believed McDaniels would like Dennison to stay.

Dennison interviewed for the San Francisco 49ers' offensive coordinator job this
week, and he said Wednesday night that he is unsure of where he stands with
either organization.

"Nobody has called me," Dennison said. "We'll have to wait and see."

Turner and Dennison were Shanahan's longest-tenured assistants and were the two
coaches most responsible for Denver's running game.

While McDaniels will install his own offensive scheme, he said after his
introductory news conference Monday that Denver's patented zone blocking scheme
might remain.

"We use a lot of the same blocking schemes and run-game schemes that they've
used," McDaniels said. "I know they get a lot of attention for that and it's
something you don't look to pull the plug on unless you have something better to
do. So we're going to see."

Turner has been credited with helping mold Terrell Davis, a sixth-round draft
pick, into a league MVP as well as being instrumental in turning a series of
other unheralded backs into 1,000-yard rushers.

"Bobby's been a valuable member of this staff for 14 years," vice president of
football operations Jim Goodman said earlier this week. "He's a great coach, a
great motivator."

Dennison held the title of offensive coordinator under Shanahan, but
quarterbacks coach Jeremy Bates called plays in 2008.

With McDaniels set to call the plays in 2009, Bates' future with the team is in
doubt, despite his close relationship with quarterback Jay Cutler. Bates has
received permission to interview for a job in Oakland.

Wide receivers coach Jedd Fisch, who has a close relationship with receiver
Brandon Marshall, also could stay with the Broncos.

McDaniels spent Wednesday holding a series of meetings as he tries to put
together his staff, a group that will likely be completely new on defense and
special teams.

Linebackers coach Jim Ryan was considered the most likely candidate to stay, but
he will not get an interview with McDaniels and new defensive coordinator Mike
Nolan.

Staff writers Mike Klis and Jim Armstrong contributed to this report.

Lindsay H. Jones: 303-954-1262 or ljones@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 8, 2015 Friday

Former La Vernia Restaurant Operator and Accomplice Sentenced to Federal Prison
for Immigration Document Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 566  words

DATELINE: Austin


United States Attorney's Office for the Western District of Texas has issued the
following press release:

In San Antonio today, 49-year-old Yolanda Hernandez de Arteaga, the former
operator of the Los Compadres Restaurant in LaVernia, TX, was sentenced to 30
months in federal prison followed by three years of supervised release for
fraudulently benefiting from a financial scheme which targeted individuals
seeking legitimate immigration documents announced Acting United States Attorney
Richard L. Durbin, Jr. and Federal Bureau of Investigation Special Agent in
Charge Christopher Combs, San Antonio Division.

Chief United States District Judge Fred Biery also sentenced Hernandez de
Arteaga's co-defendant--57-year-old Maria de Lourdes Montano-Vicencio, an
undocumented alien living in Houston, to 46 months in federal prison for her
role in the scheme.  In addition to the prison terms, Chief Judge Biery ordered
that the defendants pay $144,063 restitution to their victims.

"Hernandez de Arteaga and Montano-Vicencio twice victimized these immigrants.
They first stole their money with the promise of legal papers.  Then they
extorted their silence with the threat of reporting them to immigration
authorities," stated Acting United States Attorney Richard L. Durbin, Jr.

According to court records, from October 2010 through December 2012, Hernandez
de Arteaga and Montano-Vicencio initiated a series of financial fraud schemes
including numerous incidents of wire fraud whereby they would induce vulnerable
immigrants in the LaVernia area into giving them money in exchange for securing
legal immigration status documents.  In the schemes, the defendants claimed to
have personal contacts with immigration authorities who could provide each
victim with items such as a social security card, a resident alien car and a
work permit in about six months-time.  It was part of the scheme that the
defendants did not provide any documents to the undocumented aliens.  During the
time of the conspiracy, the defendants collected over $100,000 from more than 60
immigrants desperate for legal immigration status documents.  When the
victim-immigrants became angry because they never received any documents or
refunds, the defendants threatened to notify immigration authorities and
facilitate the deportation of the immigrants if the victims made trouble.
During the scheme, Hernandez de Arteaga wired proceeds from the scheme from
LaVernia to Montano-Vicencio in Houston via Western Union or MoneyGram.

In December 2014, Hernandez de Arteaga pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy
to commit wire fraud and five substantive counts of wire fraud.  In February
2013, Montano-Vicencio pleaded guilty to four counts of wire fraud.

"The defendants preyed on vulnerable victims and exploited them for profit,"
said Special Agent in Charge Christopher Combs, FBI San Antonio.  Detecting and
bringing to justice those who perpetrate these insidious fraud schemes will
always be a top priority for the FBI. "

This case resulted from an investigation conducted by FBI agents with assistance
from Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), U.S. Border Patrol and the LaVernia
Police Department.  Assistant United States Attorney Bettina Richardson
prosecuted this case on behalf of the Government.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 26, 2014 Wednesday

Idaho: Attorney General Warns Against Taking Part in Pyramid Schemes and Gifting
Circles

LENGTH: 522  words

DATELINE: Boise


Office of the Attorney General, The State of Idaho has issued the following
press release:

Attorney General Lawrence Wasden is urging Idaho citizens to avoid participation
in a variety of ongoing and illegal pyramid schemes known as "gifting circles."

The Attorney General's Consumer Protection Division has received two reports in
recent weeks of illegal gifting pyramids operating in southeastern Idaho.  The
reports identified the schemes as a "Women's Wisdom Circle," one of which is
based a formal dinner theme, the other a gardening theme.

In both schemes, Wasden said participants are recruited to pay money - up to
$5,000 - with the promise of advancing to the top position by recruiting others
into the circle.  Those advancing to the top position in the circle receive
payments much higher than the initial investment, according to reports.

Wasden said it's clear the schemes violate state law, and any proceeds above the
amount paid in are subject to state tax laws.

"Taking part in an unlawful pyramid scheme violates the Idaho Consumer
Protection Act and is a felony under the state's criminal code," Wasden said.
"Make no mistake - taking part in these schemes is illegal.  Anyone who has
received money from participating must pay it back.  Failure to do so may result
in civil or criminal enforcement action."

Wasden cited a 2013 federal case in Connecticut as a prime example of the risks
of operating or participating in gifting schemes.  In August 2013, a federal
judge sentenced Donna Bello and Jill Platt, both of Guilford, Connecticut, to
multiple years in prison for running a dinner party-themed pyramid.

The women - convicted of wire fraud, filing false tax returns and conspiring to
defraud the Internal Revenue Service - were also ordered to pay $32,000 in
restitution.

Reports of gifting circles taking place in southeastern Idaho are similar to the
scheme perpetrated in Connecticut, Wasden said.

In one Women's Wisdom Circle reportedly operating in Ammon, participants are
being asked to pay a $5,000 entry fee.  By recruiting others, participants can
then advance up the pyramid through levels named after the courses of a formal
dinner: appetizer, soup/salad, entrée and dessert.  Reports investigated by the
Consumer Protection Division indicate those at the top of the pyramid have
received payments of up to $40,000.

The gardening theme gifting circle operating near Preston makes "soil" the entry
position, while "harvester" rests at the top of the pyramid.

The schemes are promoted as gifting programs intended to empower women and claim
to adhere to IRS gifting rules.  Women are encouraged to keep their involvement
secret and are required to sign a statement that the money they pay is a gift,
with nothing expected in return.

The statements are false and do not make participation legal, regardless of what
potential recruits are told, Wasden said.

"Participants should stop immediately," Wasden warned. "Unlawful pyramid schemes
collapse, hurt people financially and are a crime in Idaho."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           January 28, 2010 Thursday

Receiveris after Moody's condo

BYLINE: MICHAEL POLLICK

SECTION: D; ARTICLE; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 735 words

DATELINE: SARASOTA


SARASOTA

The receiver in the Scoop Management case has set his sights on Neil Moody's La
Bellasara bayfront condominium, claiming Moody's "uncontested fraudulent role"
in the alleged Ponzi scheme entitles victims to receive any proceeds from a sale
that could happen at any moment.

On Wednesday, receiver Burton Wiand filed a motion in the Securities and
Exchange Commission's civil fraud case against Scoop to take over ownership of
what had been the Moody family residence, which Neil Moody's Realtor describes
as a "seventh floor masterpiece" in a "fabulous downtown building."

Moody bought the condo, which has its own 65-foot dock and a private elevator,
in May 2006, when the three hedge funds he co-managed with his son Christopher
from downtown Sarasota were riding high.

He paid $2.16 million, put down a little over $300,000, and took out two
mortgages for a total debt of $1.84 million. The asking price now is $2.5
million, but the property has been on the market for nearly a year.

The receiver's newly filed motion comes a week after Neil and Chris Moody signed
documents similar to a plea bargain called a consent, agreeing not to dispute
the allegations in an SEC suit filed against the duo at the same time.

Through Wednesday's motion, Wiand is basically stating that Moody's condo is the
fruit of the poison tree that was the former hedge funds on which Arthur Nadel
was the main trader.

"In light of the large sums of scheme proceeds that flowed into the same account
from which mortgage and other payments relating to the property were made and
Neil Moody's uncontested fraudulent role in the scheme, the receiver is entitled
to take possession, control, and ownership of the property for the benefit of
defrauded investors," Wiand wrote in his motion.

Moody "controlled and was a fiduciary for three hedge funds used to perpetrate
the scheme," Wiand said, and "received over $23 million of scheme proceeds as
fees for purported 'services' between 2003 and 2008."

The elder Moody "received at least $1.65 million of scheme proceeds in
connection with 'investments' in the scheme," and has "consented to the entry of
a permanent injunction and to disgorgement of ill-gotten gains."

Moody spokesman Montieth Illingworth, a New York-based public relations
specialist, did not respond to a request for comment from his client.

In January 2009, Nadel disappeared, leaving Moody to explain to the firm's 400
investors that the nearly $400 million they thought was being carefully managed
there was actually gone.

Moody is believed to have moved to a home his wife owned before their marriage,
in Evergreen, Colo. When he signed papers consenting to the SEC allegations
earlier this month, he used an Evergreen notary to witness his signature.

Realtor Jerry Thompson of Prudential Palms Realty has had La Bellasara Unit 703
listed for sale since February 2009, the month after Scoop melted down. Thompson
started trying to sell Moody's condo for $2.9 million.

In her listing, Thompson describes the property in glowing terms: "From the
grand foyer of this classic Mediterranean architecture style building you have
the feeling of Sarasota sophistication. Your private elevator delivers you to
this 7th floor masterpiece where the spacious interior boasts the finest in
appointments."

Besides having a master and a salon terrace with views of the harbor and city,
the price includes a two-car private garage in the exclusive complex, which has
only 29 units.

Thompson would not discuss the property except to say that she has offers on the
table for it right now.

Sarasota attorney Morgan Bentley got a separate receiver appointed in a Sarasota
County circuit court lawsuit he filed against Neil and Chris Moody, who also
helped manage the hedge funds at Scoop.

In that suit, a judge allowed a court-appointed receiver to place lis pendens
liens on both Neil Moody's Bellasara home and on Chris Moody's former bayfront
Sarasota home, as well as other investment properties.

Bentley said Wednesday that it was fine with him if the receiver becomes the
owner of the La Bellasara unit: "I am never going to see daylight on that
thing," Bentley said.

But he pointed out that his clients' liens remain, whether the properties are
sold or not.

"The mask is coming off the dance they were doing before about how involved they
were," Bentley said of the Moodys. "At least in the eyes of the receiver, they
were pretty involved."

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Neil Moody's former home is on Golden Gate Point and has its own
65-foot dock and a private elevator.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            December 19, 2008 Friday

Madoff avoids jail as bail terms are eased;
Financier suspected of $50 billion fraud fails to find 4 co-signers for his bond

BYLINE: Alex Berenson - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 768 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Bernard Madoff, the New York financier who the authorities say has confessed to
a $50 billion Ponzi scheme, will not be going to jail even though he failed to
meet the original terms of his $10 million bail agreement.

U.S. government prosecutors said they had modified the terms of Madoff's
agreement so that he would not need to find four people to co-sign his bond.
Madoff was unable to meet that condition, prosecutors said. Even his sons,
Andrew and Mark, were apparently unwilling to help. A lawyer for the sons said
they were unaware of the scheme and were cooperating with the authorities.

Instead, Madoff has agreed to a nightly curfew, and his wife, Ruth, will
surrender her passport, according to a filing in U.S. District Court on
Wednesday. Madoff has already given up his passport. He must remain at his
apartment in Manhattan from 7 p.m. to 9 a.m.

During the day, he will still be allowed to travel throughout Connecticut and
southern New York. Previously, he had had no restrictions on his travel in those
areas, allowing him to sleep at his oceanfront estate in Montauk, on Long
Island, if he chose.

When he was arrested last week, Madoff estimated that investors had lost as much
as $50 billion in the fraud. He has said the business was a Ponzi scheme, a type
of fraud in which early investors are paid off with money from later victims,
until no more money can be raised and the scheme collapses.

Even as Madoff's sphere of liberty shrank slightly, new details about his wealth
emerged Wednesday.

Besides a boat in Florida, he owned a yacht that he kept in the south of France
and was a regular at the Hôtel du Cap-Eden-Roc in Antibes, near Nice, where
suites rent for as much as  5,000, or more than $7,000, a night, according to a
person who had invested with him and had seen him at the hotel; the person asked
to remain anonymous because he had lost money.

BLM Air Charter, a company registered to the same address as Madoff's securities
firm, owned a share of a Cessna business jet, according to U.S. Federal Aviation
Administration records. The plane, a Citation X, is a high-performance business
jet, capable of flying across the Atlantic at 700 miles, or 1,100 kilometers, an
hour. BLM is also listed as the co-owner of a second, smaller jet, which
regularly traveled to Florida, the Bahamas and the Caribbean.

Prosecutors have been criticized for allowing Madoff relatively lenient bail
terms, given his lifestyle, the scope of his alleged fraud and the fact that
some of his victims say they have lost everything and face destitution.

Charities, individual investors, universities, hedge funds and banks have
already reported losses of more than $20 billion in the case.

Marc Litt, the assistant U.S. attorney who is overseeing the case, did not
return a call for comment on the bail agreement. A spokeswoman for the U.S.
attorney's office in Manhattan declined to comment.

Ira Lee Sorkin, a lawyer for Madoff, said he could not comment on the new
agreement. He said Ruth Madoff's surrender of her passport was ''standard
operating procedure.''

The authorities stepped up their search Wednesday for other assets belonging to
Madoff. FBI agents and investigators from the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission combed through the offices of his firm, Bernard L. Madoff Investment
Securities.

Late in the day, officials were seen removing boxes of files from the offices.
In a statement Tuesday, the SEC said Madoff had kept multiple sets of books, so
reconstructing the flow of money might require substantial effort.

Experts on the brokerage industry and money management have said it would be
nearly impossible for Madoff to have carried out the fraud, which encompassed
thousands of clients and lasted for many years, without substantial help.

They have also questioned why auditors and regulators at the SEC and the
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority did not notice that Madoff's firm had
far fewer assets in 2007 than the $17 billion he claimed to be managing.

The authorities also would like to determine Madoff's motivation for the fraud,
when it began and how much of the stolen money he had spent on himself. The case
may spur the FBI's New York office to add more investigators and support staff
to handle securities fraud and other white-collar crime.

Government authorities have served a subpoena on the small Rockland County, New
York, accounting firm that served as the auditor for Madoff's company, according
to a person briefed on the matter.

Andrew Lankler, a lawyer for David Friehling, the principal of the firm
Friehling & Horowitz, declined to discuss details of the case.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            December 19, 2008 Friday

Madoff avoids jail as bail terms are eased;
Financier suspected of $50 billion fraud fails to find 4 co-signers for his bond

BYLINE: Alex Berenson - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 768 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Bernard Madoff, the New York financier who the authorities say has confessed to
a $50 billion Ponzi scheme, will not be going to jail even though he failed to
meet the original terms of his $10 million bail agreement.

U.S. government prosecutors said they had modified the terms of Madoff's
agreement so that he would not need to find four people to co-sign his bond.
Madoff was unable to meet that condition, prosecutors said. Even his sons,
Andrew and Mark, were apparently unwilling to help. A lawyer for the sons said
they were unaware of the scheme and were cooperating with the authorities.

Instead, Madoff has agreed to a nightly curfew, and his wife, Ruth, will
surrender her passport, according to a filing in U.S. District Court on
Wednesday. Madoff has already given up his passport. He must remain at his
apartment in Manhattan from 7 p.m. to 9 a.m.

During the day, he will still be allowed to travel throughout Connecticut and
southern New York. Previously, he had had no restrictions on his travel in those
areas, allowing him to sleep at his oceanfront estate in Montauk, on Long
Island, if he chose.

When he was arrested last week, Madoff estimated that investors had lost as much
as $50 billion in the fraud. He has said the business was a Ponzi scheme, a type
of fraud in which early investors are paid off with money from later victims,
until no more money can be raised and the scheme collapses.

Even as Madoff's sphere of liberty shrank slightly, new details about his wealth
emerged Wednesday.

Besides a boat in Florida, he owned a yacht that he kept in the south of France
and was a regular at the Hôtel du Cap-Eden-Roc in Antibes, near Nice, where
suites rent for as much as  5,000, or more than $7,000, a night, according to a
person who had invested with him and had seen him at the hotel; the person asked
to remain anonymous because he had lost money.

BLM Air Charter, a company registered to the same address as Madoff's securities
firm, owned a share of a Cessna business jet, according to U.S. Federal Aviation
Administration records. The plane, a Citation X, is a high-performance business
jet, capable of flying across the Atlantic at 700 miles, or 1,100 kilometers, an
hour. BLM is also listed as the co-owner of a second, smaller jet, which
regularly traveled to Florida, the Bahamas and the Caribbean.

Prosecutors have been criticized for allowing Madoff relatively lenient bail
terms, given his lifestyle, the scope of his alleged fraud and the fact that
some of his victims say they have lost everything and face destitution.

Charities, individual investors, universities, hedge funds and banks have
already reported losses of more than $20 billion in the case.

Marc Litt, the assistant U.S. attorney who is overseeing the case, did not
return a call for comment on the bail agreement. A spokeswoman for the U.S.
attorney's office in Manhattan declined to comment.

Ira Lee Sorkin, a lawyer for Madoff, said he could not comment on the new
agreement. He said Ruth Madoff's surrender of her passport was ''standard
operating procedure.''

The authorities stepped up their search Wednesday for other assets belonging to
Madoff. FBI agents and investigators from the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission combed through the offices of his firm, Bernard L. Madoff Investment
Securities.

Late in the day, officials were seen removing boxes of files from the offices.
In a statement Tuesday, the SEC said Madoff had kept multiple sets of books, so
reconstructing the flow of money might require substantial effort.

Experts on the brokerage industry and money management have said it would be
nearly impossible for Madoff to have carried out the fraud, which encompassed
thousands of clients and lasted for many years, without substantial help.

They have also questioned why auditors and regulators at the SEC and the
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority did not notice that Madoff's firm had
far fewer assets in 2007 than the $17 billion he claimed to be managing.

The authorities also would like to determine Madoff's motivation for the fraud,
when it began and how much of the stolen money he had spent on himself. The case
may spur the FBI's New York office to add more investigators and support staff
to handle securities fraud and other white-collar crime.

Government authorities have served a subpoena on the small Rockland County, New
York, accounting firm that served as the auditor for Madoff's company, according
to a person briefed on the matter.

Andrew Lankler, a lawyer for David Friehling, the principal of the firm
Friehling & Horowitz, declined to discuss details of the case.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  Western Mail

                          November 21, 2001, Wednesday

PUBLIC TRAINED TO HELP WITH RURAL MEDICAL EMERGENCIES;
 FIRST RESPONDERS: SCHEME 'OF HUGE BENEFIT IN ASSISTING AMBULANCE SERVICE'

BYLINE: Felicity Waters Health Reporter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 467 words


MEMBERS of the public are being recruited by the ambulance service to train as
"first responders" because ambulance response times are too slow in rural areas.

Residents in South Powys are being offered training to deal with medical
emergencies before paramedics are able to get to the scene.

Fifty-one per cent of immediately lifethreatening calls are currently met within
the target time of eight minutes in Powys.

Responses are worse in rural areas because of often long distances between
emergencies, although 91pc of category B calls are met within 21 minutes in
Powys.

The Welsh Ambulance Services NHS Trust, which is organising the scheme, says
First Responders will be used to complement existing emergency services and not
replace them.

Local people will be expected to undergo five days of training to learn how to
use a defibrillator to shock the heart as well as develop basic first aid
skills.

They will be on duty for as many hours as they can spare and will be on a rota
with other people involved.

Bryn Williams, Chief Officer of Brecknock and Radnor Community Health Council,
said the scheme would save lives.

"The aim of the First Responder scheme is to enable local people to take
responsibility and ownership for health in their communities, " he said.

"They will be able to get to emergencies within a couple of minutes, which is
faster than an ambulance can get there.

"It is a lottery of where you live in the UK as to ambulance response times.

"The problem is worse in rural areas and no matter how much money you pump into
the ambulance service it is impossible to have one standing by on every street
just in case someone in the village has a heart attack.

"This scheme will complement the ambulance service but it will still need lots
more funding."

Richard Hook, First Responder co-ordinator, said, "Every second counts when you
are trying to save someone's life and the schemes are proven to be of huge
benefit in assisting the ambulance service.

"The schemes are a valuable additional resource and do not in any way replace
existing emergency ambulance services."

Fourteen other First Responder schemes have already been set up in South and Mid
Wales and organisers hope the idea will spread across the country.

Schemes help boost survival rates

BRITAIN has one of the lowest survival rates for cardiac arrest in the Western
world.

Survival rates in England and Wales are just 3pc, compared with 11pc in America.

Scotland has doubled its heart-attack survival rates to 7pc since introducing a
'First Responder' scheme.

In Seattle, USA, 600,000 citizens are trained as First Responders and as result
30pc of heart-attack victims survive.

In Norway the training is part of the High School curriculum.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 Western Mail and Echo Ltd


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business

                               February 21, 2011

Ponzi scheme fallout

BYLINE: Chad Halcom

SECTION: Pg. 10 Vol. 27

LENGTH: 308  words


U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission v. Edward May et al

- Venue: U.S. District Court, Judge John Feikens

- Case Filed: Nov. 20, 2007

- Settlement: $40.8 million judgment, Jan. 7, 2010

- Plaintiff: U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission

- Lead counsel: Adolph Dean, SEC attorney, Chicago

- Defendants: Edward May, E-M Management Co. LLC, Lake Orion

- Lead counsel: Harold Gurewitz, partner, Gurewitz and Raben PLC, Detroit

Collection efforts continue one year after a judgment for more than $40.8
million against Edward May, president of Lake Orion-based E-M Management Co. LLC
and alleged mastermind of a $250 million Ponzi scheme.

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission alleged that May, through his
company, raised $250 million between 1998 and mid-2007 from investors in
Michigan, California, Florida, Illinois, New York, Ohio and New Jersey.

Federal officials said May purported to sell investments in companies with
contracts to provide telecommunications equipment and services to hotel chains
when, in fact, he was swapping investor funds in a Ponzi scheme. Hotels May and
E-M named include Hilton Worldwide, MGM Grand Hotel LLC, Motel 6 and Sheraton
Hotels and Resorts.

May consented to an SEC judgment and then-U.S. District Judge John Feikens
ordered May to pay $37 million plus $3.8 million in interest. Feikens retired in
November.

May faces a related criminal indictment on 59 counts of mail fraud, and could
have to turn over an additional $35 million under a forfeiture portion of the
criminal case. That matter is set for trial May 16 before U.S. District Judge
Arthur Tarnow.

Tarnow also is hearing two consolidated lawsuits by 464 May investors against
Troy accounting firm Doeren Mayhew & Co. PC and two of its directors, who are
accused of developing the cash flow plan and issuing statements to investors.
That case begins in March.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2011 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Norman Transcript (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 31, 2015 Friday

Riley says Perine can excel in any scheme

BYLINE: John Shinn, The Norman Transcript, Okla.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 402 words


July 31--OU is moving to an uptempo spread offense. Hulking running backs like
OU sophomore Samaje Perine haven't typically been showcased in that kind of
offensive system.

Offensive coordinator Lincoln Riley said there's no need to tailor the offense
to Perine because the 240-pound running back suits any scheme.

"He fits because he's a great player. He's everything you want as a coach.
There's not an offense in America that he doesn't fit in," Riley said. "We're
excited to find all the different ways to use him. Having a great running back,
to me, is one of the biggest equalizers in college football. You can make up for
a lot of things if you have talent there and we're blessed to have that starting
with him."

Safety picks OU: Oklahoma added its seventh commitment for the 2016 recruiting
class on Thursday. Shreveport (La.) Calvary Academy three-star safety Chanse
Sylvie announced on Twitter that he has committed to the Sooners.

Sylvie is the No. 40 player in Louisiana, according to Rivals.com. However, the
6-foot, 188-pound defensive back is a highly coveted recruit. He held offers
from Arizona, Arkansas, Michigan, Mississippi, Mississippi State, Nebraska,
Notre Dame and most Big 12 Conference schools.

Thursday's announcement gives OU two defensive backs for its next recruiting
class. Sylvie joins Northeastern Oklahoma A&M cornerback Maurice Chandler in the
group.

All verbal commitments are non-binding. High school players cannot sign national
letters of intent until Feb. 3.

Five QBs needed: Justice Hansen's decision to transfer to Butler (Kan.)
Community College affected the Sooners' offseason workouts. The extra throwing
load on Trevor Knight, Baker Mayfield and Cody Thomas left Mayfield and Thomas
with tired arms by early July.

They're all healthy with preseason practice set to begin Thursday. The addition
of walk-on quarterbacks Reece Clark and Connor McGinnis will help.

"The way we run practices, we need to have five guys functioning and rolling to
make sure we get the reps that we need," Riley, who is also the quarterbacks
coach, said. "We have a history in this offense, that every position, of
walk-ons coming in and becoming really good players. I think there is definitely
a chance down the road for both of them."

___ (c)2015 The Norman Transcript (Norman, Okla.) Visit The Norman Transcript
(Norman, Okla.) at www.normantranscript.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150731-NQ-Riley-says-Perine-can-excel-in-any-scheme-0731-20150731

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NQ


                      Copyright 2015 The Norman Transcript


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 19, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Corpus Christi Doctor Convicted in Connection with Fraudulent Health
Care Billing Scheme

LENGTH: 438  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Dr. Roque Joel Ramirez, 49, of Robstown, has entered a plea of guilty to mail
fraud in connection with his scheme to defraud Medicare and Medicaid through
fraudulent billings, announced United States Attorney Kenneth Magidson and Texas
Attorney General Greg Abbott.

Ramirez, a licensed physician in Texas since 1997 and owner of Health
Resolutions Inc., was indicted by a federal grand jury on October 9, 2013, in a
scheme to defraud Medicare and Medicaid through fraudulent billings. He was set
for trial this morning but opted to enter a guilty plea to one count of mail
fraud for using the United States Postal Service (USPS) for the purpose
executing his scheme. His medical office in Corpus Christi is now closed.

Ramirez admitted he knowingly and willfully engaged in a scheme to defraud
Medicare and Texas Medicaid and submitted false and fraudulent billings for
medical services he did not provide. He also admitted he committed mail fraud by
using USPS to receive payment on the fraudulent bills.

Court documents indicated that Ramirez knowingly and willfully engaged in the
scheme from May 2008 through December 2011 by submitting fraudulent billings for
physician services he did not provide. Thousands of false and fraudulent bills
were submitted, according to the charges. Ramirez billed for medical services he
claimed he personally provided to patients who had actually died prior to the
dates of his claimed services. He also submitted bills claiming he personally
provided services to patients at his clinic when he was actually overseas or in
another state. Some of the bills also indicated he would have personally worked
more than 24 hours in a single day. Court documents also alleged that when he
provided medical services to Medicare and Medicaid patients in nursing homes, he
would send fraudulent bills claiming he had seen the patients in private
residences in order to collect the higher fees paid for house calls.

Senior U.S. District Judge Hayden Head, who accepted the guilty plea, has set
sentencing for May 15, 2014, at which time Ramirez faces up to 20 years in
federal prison and a $250,000 maximum fine. He was permitted to remain on bond
pending that hearing.

The investigation was conducted by the FBI, U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services-Office of Inspector General, and the Texas Attorney General's Medicaid
Fraud Control Unit. Assistant United States Attorney (AUSA) Robert D. Thorpe,
Jr. and Special AUSA Rex G. Beasley are prosecuting.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 18, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Corpus Christi Doctor Convicted in Connection with Fraudulent Health
Care Billing Scheme

LENGTH: 438  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Dr. Roque Joel Ramirez, 49, of Robstown, has entered a plea of guilty to mail
fraud in connection with his scheme to defraud Medicare and Medicaid through
fraudulent billings, announced United States Attorney Kenneth Magidson and Texas
Attorney General Greg Abbott.

Ramirez, a licensed physician in Texas since 1997 and owner of Health
Resolutions Inc., was indicted by a federal grand jury on October 9, 2014, in a
scheme to defraud Medicare and Medicaid through fraudulent billings. He was set
for trial this morning but opted to enter a guilty plea to one count of mail
fraud for using the United States Postal Service (USPS) for the purpose
executing his scheme. His medical office in Corpus Christi is now closed.

Ramirez admitted he knowingly and willfully engaged in a scheme to defraud
Medicare and Texas Medicaid and submitted false and fraudulent billings for
medical services he did not provide. He also admitted he committed mail fraud by
using USPS to receive payment on the fraudulent bills.

Court documents indicated that Ramirez knowingly and willfully engaged in the
scheme from May 2008 through December 2011 by submitting fraudulent billings for
physician services he did not provide. Thousands of false and fraudulent bills
were submitted, according to the charges. Ramirez billed for medical services he
claimed he personally provided to patients who had actually died prior to the
dates of his claimed services. He also submitted bills claiming he personally
provided services to patients at his clinic when he was actually overseas or in
another state. Some of the bills also indicated he would have personally worked
more than 24 hours in a single day. Court documents also alleged that when he
provided medical services to Medicare and Medicaid patients in nursing homes, he
would send fraudulent bills claiming he had seen the patients in private
residences in order to collect the higher fees paid for house calls.

Senior U.S. District Judge Hayden Head, who accepted the guilty plea, has set
sentencing for May 15, 2014, at which time Ramirez faces up to 20 years in
federal prison and a $250,000 maximum fine. He was permitted to remain on bond
pending that hearing.

The investigation was conducted by the FBI, U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services-Office of Inspector General, and the Texas Attorney General's Medicaid
Fraud Control Unit. Assistant United States Attorney (AUSA) Robert D. Thorpe,
Jr. and Special AUSA Rex G. Beasley are prosecuting.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Hemel Gazette

                                 July 31, 2007

Teachers' trip to USA on how to be happy

LENGTH: 445  words


Dacorum teachers have jetted off to America as part of a £190,000 scheme to
teach pupils to be happy.

The staff from Hemel Hempstead and Kings Langley secondary schools flew out to a
university in Philadelphia to meet a top psychologist.

Professor Martin Seligman will teach the team of over 30 teachers, school
counsellors and youth workers how to help youngsters beat anxiety and
depression.

Andy Cunningham, head of school effectiveness at Herts County Council, which
organised the scheme, said: "Everyone is really looking forward to getting over
there.

"Around seven or eight hours of online training have been completed to give us a
grounding in the subject and the initial feedback has been very positive."

He added: "Everyone is keen to get started on a project that we are convinced
will have a great impact on young people across Hertfordshire."

The teachers and support staff from Dacorum flew out to the University of
Pennsylvania.

The team sent by the county council will spend two weeks learning about the Penn
Resiliency Project - a scheme created by Prof Seligman to help children combat
psychological problems.

When they return, the school staff from Dacorum will use their new knowledge to
teach 'emotional resilience' lessons to thousands of pupils - a move aimed at
making children happier and therefore more likely to achieve in class.

Studies by the University of Pennsylvania show that the scheme can have a
positive impact on young people's academic achievements at school.

The resilience project, expected to cost around £190,000, will start in
September with classes for around 1,000 Year 7 pupils at Adeyfield School,
Astley Cooper School, Cavendish School, Longdean School, Hemel Hempstead School
and Kings Langley School.

Over the next three years, the scheme is expected to benefit around 3,000
children - making it the biggest project of its kind in the world.

The project in Dacorum, funded through the county council's children and
adolescent mental health services government grant, is one of three being
piloted in the UK.

Schools in the borough were invited to take part by overall organisers the
Improvement and Development Agency (IDeA), along with schools in Manchester and
South Tyneside.

According to the county council, Dacorum schools were selected due to the
'interest, enthusiasm and commitment' of their teachers.

The resilience scheme, backed by the Department for Education and Skills, is
being run by the IDeA with help from The Young Foundation think-tank and the
Centre for Economic Performance as part of the Government's Local Wellbeing
Project.

The success of the project in the UK will be monitored by the London School of
Economics.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                              March 2, 2007 Friday

Baltimore man bilked more than 900 investors out of $8M in a Ponzi scheme

BYLINE: Maryland Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 298  words


On Capital Punishment Senate should reject measure to exempt lethal injection
protocols from the Administrative Procedures Act, law professor Arnold Rochvarg
writes. Page 3B

Legal Advice Jim Astrachan sinks his teeth into the world of competition and
cold cereals. Page 4B

Of Service Legal Aid Bureau starts project to help vulnerable South Asian women.
Page 5B $8M scheme alleged A Baltimore man bilked more than 900 investors,
including residents of the Mississippi Gulf Coast who endured Hurricane Katrina,
out of $8 million in a Ponzi scheme, the U.S. Attorney's Office said Thursday in
Baltimore. David McDowell Robinson, 56, was arrested Thursday, a day after a
federal grand jury indicted him on wire and mail fraud charges. Robinson's
company, Liberty Trade International Inc., solicited investments of up to
$10,000 and promised returns of up to 30 percent. If convicted, he faces up to
20 years in prison and a $1 million fine for each charge. He had an initial
court appearance Thursday and was ordered detained pending a hearing Friday.
Verdict: Murder A Hagerstown man was convicted Thursday of murdering a
20-year-old mother described by a prosecutor as an innocent bystander in a clash
between criminals. Demetrius P. McDaniels, 28, could be sentenced to life in
prison without parole for the first-degree felony murder of Trisiviah Rodriguez
on a downtown Hagerstown street July 31. He also faces a possible life sentence
for the attempted first-degree murder of Russell Walker, his intended target,
Washington County Deputy State's Attorney Joseph Michael said. No sentencing
date was set. The victims had been sharing a front porch with Courtney Smith,
15, when the robbery began, Smith testified. She said she and Rodriguez ran for
cover, but Rodriguez was shot in the back.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday

Two Florida Men Plead Guilty to Multi-State Biodiesel Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 484  words


Thomas Davanzo, of Estero, Florida, and Robert Fedyna, of Naples, Florida,
pleaded guilty today for their participation in a multi-state scheme to defraud
biodiesel buyers and U.S. taxpayers by fraudulently selling biodiesel credits
and fraudulently claiming tax credits, announced Assistant Attorney General John
C. Cruden of the Justice Departments Environment and Natural Resources Division
and U.S. Attorney A. Lee Bentley III of the Middle District of Florida.

Davanzo and Fedyna operated several shell companies that were used to facilitate
the scheme.  As part of the scheme, Davanzo and Fedyna operated entities that
purported to purchase renewable fuel, on which credits had been claimed and
which was ineligible for additional credits, produced by their co-conspirators
at Gen-X Energy Group (Gen-X), headquartered in Pasco, Washington, and its
subsidiary, Southern Resources and Commodities (SRC), located in Dublin,
Georgia.  They then used a series of false transactions to transform the fuel
back into feedstock needed for the production of renewable fuel, and sold it
back to Gen-X or SRC, allowing credits to be claimed again.  This cycle was
repeated multiple times.

In addition, both Davanzo and Fedyna laundered the proceeds of the scheme
through various shell entities.  Davanzo and Fedyna established bank accounts in
the names of shell entities.  Funds were cycled through these shell companies
bank accounts to perpetuate the fraud scheme and conceal its proceeds.

Davanzo and Fedyna also directed and participated in the generation of false
paperwork designed to create the faade that the renewable identification number
(or RIN, a serial number used to track biodiesel credits) created and claimed by
co-conspirators were legitimate.  The paperwork included false invoices from
Gen-X or SRC to shell entities, which purported to show sales of renewable fuel,
false invoices from shell entities to Gen-X and SRC, which purported to show the
purchase of feedstock and false bills of lading, which purported to show the
transportation of fuel and feedstock by tanker truck.

From March 2013 to March 2014, the co-conspirators generated at least 60 million
RINs that were based on fuel that was either never produced or was merely
re-processed at the Gen-X or SRC facilities.  The co-conspirators received at
least $42 million from the sale of these fraudulent RINs to third parties.  In
addition, Gen-X received approximately $4,360,724.50 in false tax credits for
this fuel.

This case was investigated by the U.S. Secret Service, the Environmental
Protection Agency -Criminal Investigation Division, and the Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation. It was prosecuted by Assistant United States
Attorneys Sara C. Sweeney and Megan Kistler and Trial Attorney Adam Cullman of
the Environment and Natural Resources Division of the Department of Justice.
2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Asia News Network (ANN)

                            November 18, 2016 Friday

New grant scheme to support fintech trials

BYLINE: Yasmine Yahya

LENGTH: 482  words


Singapore has upped the ante in the global race to be the next Silicon Valley,
with a generous new grant scheme for trials of promising ideas in the
fast-growing financial technology (fintech) area.

The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) will fund up to half the cost of
promising fintech "proof-of- concept" trials based in Singapore, or a maximum of
$200,000 for each project.

Deputy Prime Minister Tharman Shanmugaratnam said at a ceremony last night at
Universal Studios for the Fintech Awards that the new grant scheme is aimed at
ideas that can benefit not just an individual financial institution or start-up,
but also the financial system at large, in Singapore or abroad.

The scheme adds to other support schemes available to fintech players, such as
Spring Singapore grants for Singapore start-ups matching $7 for every $3 raised,
up to $50,000.

Even as he announced the new grant, Mr Tharman noted that "not all of us can be
entrepreneurs".

He added: "But we all have to build the skills and expertise necessary to power
the digital economy."

He said the financial sector in particular has to build new capabilities.

"The likelihood is that many jobs will remain but most jobs will be transformed,
requiring new skills and capabilities to make the most of new technologies," he
said. "In the financial sector, there is already growing need for skills in data
analytics, in digital and mobile user interfaces, and in application
development, in addition to core finance skills."

The Government is doing its bit to nurture the growth of Singapore's tech talent
pool by, for example, working with the polytechnics to increase the number of
fintech internships and joint projects with the fintech community.

Last month, the Government launched "PolyFinTech 100", an initiative to secure
100 fintech mentors and 100 fintech internships for next year, and Mr Tharman
said the initiative has secured these targets within a month.

More experienced finance professionals also have avenues to upgrade their
skills.

Mr Tharman said the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School will be
launching an executive education programme in Singapore focused on financial
innovation.

The Wharton FinTech Innovation Programme for Financial Institutions is expected
to be launched in the second quarter of next year, and aims to expose senior
managers in incumbent financial institutions to current topics in fintech.

Mr Tharman also announced a new committee that will identify infocomm technology
skills in demand and work with training providers to meet these demands.

The MAS and the Association of Banks in Singapore awarded 10 fintech companies a
total of $1.15 million at the awards last night, which took place during the
week-long Singapore FinTech Festival.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/659/2075/87/147945068101.jpg

FinTech festival participants interact and listen to presentations at Aviva
Digital Garage.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 2075


                       Copyright 2016 Asia News Network.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            November 18, 2016 Friday

New grant scheme to support fintech trials;
Another new initiative is an executive education programme focused on financial
innovation

BYLINE: Yasmine Yahya

SECTION: TOP OF THE NEWS

LENGTH: 496 words


Singapore has upped the ante in the global race to be the next Silicon Valley,
with a generous new grant scheme for trials of promising ideas in the
fast-growing financial technology (fintech) area.

The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) will fund up to half the cost of
promising fintech "proof-of- concept" trials based in Singapore, or a maximum of
$200,000 for each project.

Deputy Prime Minister Tharman Shanmugaratnam said at a ceremony last night at
Universal Studios for the Fintech Awards that the new grant scheme is aimed at
ideas that can benefit not just an individual financial institution or start-up,
but also the financial system at large, in Singapore or abroad.

The scheme adds to other support schemes available to fintech players, such as
Spring Singapore grants for Singapore start-ups matching $7 for every $3 raised,
up to $50,000.

Even as he announced the new grant, Mr Tharman noted that "not all of us can be
entrepreneurs".

CHANGING LANDSCAPE

The likelihood is that many jobs will remain but most jobs will be transformed,
requiring new skills and capabilities to make the most of new technologies.

DEPUTY PRIME MINISTER THARMAN SHANMUGARATNAM

He added: "But we all have to build the skills and expertise necessary to power
the digital economy."

He said the financial sector in particular has to build new capabilities.

"The likelihood is that many jobs will remain but most jobs will be transformed,
requiring new skills and capabilities to make the most of new technologies," he
said. "In the financial sector, there is already growing need for skills in data
analytics, in digital and mobile user interfaces, and in application
development, in addition to core finance skills."

The Government is doing its bit to nurture the growth of Singapore's tech talent
pool by, for example, working with the polytechnics to increase the number of
fintech internships and joint projects with the fintech community.

Last month, the Government launched "PolyFinTech 100", an initiative to secure
100 fintech mentors and 100 fintech internships for next year, and Mr Tharman
said the initiative has secured these targets within a month.

More experienced finance professionals also have avenues to upgrade their
skills.

Mr Tharman said the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School will be
launching an executive education programme in Singapore focused on financial
innovation.

The Wharton FinTech Innovation Programme for Financial Institutions is expected
to be launched in the second quarter of next year, and aims to expose senior
managers in incumbent financial institutions to current topics in fintech.

Mr Tharman also announced a new committee that will identify infocomm technology
skills in demand and work with training providers to meet these demands.

The MAS and the Association of Banks in Singapore awarded 10 fintech companies a
total of $1.15 million at the awards last night, which took place during the
week-long Singapore FinTech Festival.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2014 Friday

Washington: Former Rite Aid Vice President and New Jersey Businessman Charged in
$14.6 Million Fraud & Kickback Scheme

LENGTH: 790  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania
announced today that a former Rite Aid Corporation Vice President and a New
Jersey businessman have been charged in connection with a $14.6 million, surplus
inventory sales/kickback scheme.

According to United States Attorney Peter Smith, Jay Findling, age 54, of
Manalapan, New Jersey, is charged in a Criminal Information filed today in the
United States District Court in Harrisburg with conspiracy to commit wire fraud.
Former Rite Aid Vice President Timothy P. Foster, 65, of Portland, Oregon, is
charged in the same criminal information with making false statements to
authorities.

The charges are based upon Foster's and Findling's alleged nine year conspiracy
to defraud Rite Aid, a publicly-owned national drug store chain with its
headquarters located in Camp Hill, Pennsylvania, via a surplus inventory sales
scheme that took place between 2001 and 2010. As the Vice President for Quality
Assurance, Foster's primary responsibilities at Rite Aid involved the
liquidation of surplus Rite Aid inventory across the United States. During the
time period in question, Foster worked for Rite Aid in Oregon. According to the
criminal information, Findling's and Foster's scheme succeeded by making Rite
Aid believe its surplus inventory had been sold to Findling's company, J. Finn
Industries LLC, for amounts reported by Foster when, in fact, the inventory had
been sold to third parties for greater amounts. Findling would then kick back a
portion of his profits to Foster.

The scheme allegedly started in 2001 and continued until February of 2010 when
Foster resigned from Rite Aid. According to the criminal information, Findling
established a bank account in New Jersey under the name of "Rite Aid Salvage
Liquidation." The account was used by the two conspirators to collect the
payments submitted by the real buyers of the surplus Rite Aid inventory. After
the payments were received, Findling sent lesser amounts dictated by Foster to
Rite Aid for the goods, thus inducing Rite Aid to believe the inventory had been
purchased by J. Finn Industries, not the real buyers. According to the criminal
information, Findling received at least $87.4 million from the real buyers of
the surplus Rite Aid inventory but, with Foster's help, only had to tender $72.8
million of that amount to Rite Aid, leaving Findling approximately $14.6 million
in profits from the scheme.

The criminal information also alleges that Foster knowingly and willfully lied
when he was interviewed by FBI agents in January 2014 and denied he conspired
with Findling to defraud Rite Aid. Foster later recanted his false statements
when he was re-interviewed by the FBI in May 2014. During that interview Foster
not only admitted he conspired to defraud Rite Aid with Findling, he voluntarily
surrendered $2,941,940 in cash kickbacks Findling had paid Foster over the life
of the conspiracy.

The Criminal Information was filed pursuant to plea agreements with the two
defendants. Both agreements, which are subject to approval by the court, require
the defendants to cooperate with the government and to pay restitution to Rite
Aid as ordered by the court. Findling's plea agreement also obligates him to
make a $11.6 million lump sum forfeiture payment to the government at the time
he enters his guilty plea. No date has been scheduled as yet for the entry of
Foster's or Findling's guilty plea.

The case was investigated by the Harrisburg Office of the FBI. Both defendants
are being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Kim Douglas Daniel.

Indictments and criminal informations are only allegations. All persons charged
are presumed to be innocent unless and until found guilty in court.

A sentence following a finding of guilty is imposed by the judge after
consideration of the applicable federal sentencing statutes and the federal
sentencing guidelines.

Both the false statement and the conspiracy count are punishable by up to 5
years imprisonment and a $250,000 fine. Under the federal sentencing guidelines,
the judge is also required to consider and weigh a number of factors, including
the nature, circumstances and seriousness of the offense; the history and
characteristics of the defendant; and the need to punish the defendant, protect
the public and provide for the defendant's educational, vocational and medical
needs. For these reasons, the statutory maximum penalty for the offense is not
an accurate indicator of the potential sentence for a specific defendant.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Former Rite Aid Vice President and New Jersey Businessman Charged in
$14.6 Million Fraud & Kickback Scheme

LENGTH: 790  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania
announced today that a former Rite Aid Corporation Vice President and a New
Jersey businessman have been charged in connection with a $14.6 million, surplus
inventory sales/kickback scheme.

According to United States Attorney Peter Smith, Jay Findling, age 54, of
Manalapan, New Jersey, is charged in a Criminal Information filed today in the
United States District Court in Harrisburg with conspiracy to commit wire fraud.
Former Rite Aid Vice President Timothy P. Foster, 65, of Portland, Oregon, is
charged in the same criminal information with making false statements to
authorities.

The charges are based upon Foster's and Findling's alleged nine year conspiracy
to defraud Rite Aid, a publicly-owned national drug store chain with its
headquarters located in Camp Hill, Pennsylvania, via a surplus inventory sales
scheme that took place between 2001 and 2010. As the Vice President for Quality
Assurance, Foster's primary responsibilities at Rite Aid involved the
liquidation of surplus Rite Aid inventory across the United States. During the
time period in question, Foster worked for Rite Aid in Oregon. According to the
criminal information, Findling's and Foster's scheme succeeded by making Rite
Aid believe its surplus inventory had been sold to Findling's company, J. Finn
Industries LLC, for amounts reported by Foster when, in fact, the inventory had
been sold to third parties for greater amounts. Findling would then kick back a
portion of his profits to Foster.

The scheme allegedly started in 2001 and continued until February of 2010 when
Foster resigned from Rite Aid. According to the criminal information, Findling
established a bank account in New Jersey under the name of "Rite Aid Salvage
Liquidation." The account was used by the two conspirators to collect the
payments submitted by the real buyers of the surplus Rite Aid inventory. After
the payments were received, Findling sent lesser amounts dictated by Foster to
Rite Aid for the goods, thus inducing Rite Aid to believe the inventory had been
purchased by J. Finn Industries, not the real buyers. According to the criminal
information, Findling received at least $87.4 million from the real buyers of
the surplus Rite Aid inventory but, with Foster's help, only had to tender $72.8
million of that amount to Rite Aid, leaving Findling approximately $14.6 million
in profits from the scheme.

The criminal information also alleges that Foster knowingly and willfully lied
when he was interviewed by FBI agents in January 2014 and denied he conspired
with Findling to defraud Rite Aid. Foster later recanted his false statements
when he was re-interviewed by the FBI in May 2014. During that interview Foster
not only admitted he conspired to defraud Rite Aid with Findling, he voluntarily
surrendered $2,941,940 in cash kickbacks Findling had paid Foster over the life
of the conspiracy.

The Criminal Information was filed pursuant to plea agreements with the two
defendants. Both agreements, which are subject to approval by the court, require
the defendants to cooperate with the government and to pay restitution to Rite
Aid as ordered by the court. Findling's plea agreement also obligates him to
make a $11.6 million lump sum forfeiture payment to the government at the time
he enters his guilty plea. No date has been scheduled as yet for the entry of
Foster's or Findling's guilty plea.

The case was investigated by the Harrisburg Office of the FBI. Both defendants
are being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Kim Douglas Daniel.

Indictments and criminal informations are only allegations. All persons charged
are presumed to be innocent unless and until found guilty in court.

A sentence following a finding of guilty is imposed by the judge after
consideration of the applicable federal sentencing statutes and the federal
sentencing guidelines.

Both the false statement and the conspiracy count are punishable by up to 5
years imprisonment and a $250,000 fine. Under the federal sentencing guidelines,
the judge is also required to consider and weigh a number of factors, including
the nature, circumstances and seriousness of the offense; the history and
characteristics of the defendant; and the need to punish the defendant, protect
the public and provide for the defendant's educational, vocational and medical
needs. For these reasons, the statutory maximum penalty for the offense is not
an accurate indicator of the potential sentence for a specific defendant.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 26, 2013 Friday

Maryland: CONSPIRATOR SENTENCED TO 3 YEARS IN PRISON IN BANK FRAUD SCHEME

LENGTH: 938  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Maryland has issued
the following press release:

U.S. District Judge Catherine C. Blake sentenced Derrick Elrod, age 35, of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, today to three years in prison, followed by three
years of supervised release, for bank fraud and aggravated identity theft in
connection with a scheme to use stolen, personal identifying information of
individuals to open bank accounts and fraudulently obtain cash, merchandise and
services.

The sentence was announced by United States Attorney for the District of
Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein; Special Agent in Charge William Winter of U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations
(HSI); Wicomico County Sheriff Michael A. Lewis; Special Agent in Charge Thomas
J. Kelly of the Internal Revenue Service - Criminal Investigation, Washington,
D.C. Field Office; and Special Agent in Charge Michael McGill of the Social
Security Administration - Office of Inspector General, Philadelphia Field
Division.

"The investigation of financial crimes is an HSI priority," said HSI Special
Agent in Charge in Baltimore William Winter. "Derrick Elrod abused his position
of trust by stealing identity information that was entrusted to him to
facilitate a fraud scheme for his own personal benefit. HSI will continue using
all its resources to bring to justice individuals like Elrod who think that
their illegal actions can go undetected."

"Today's sentencing is another example that crime really does not pay," said
Thomas J. Kelly, Special Agent in Charge, IRS Criminal Investigation, Washington
DC Field Office. "IRS Criminal Investigation welcomes opportunities to assist
the Department of Justice and their law enforcement
partners with dismantling criminal conspiracies profiting from bank fraud and
identity theft."

Elrod worked for Resources for Human Development, Inc. (RHD), a nonprofit social
services organization headquartered in Philadelphia. Elrod was an advisor at a
residential program that supports individuals with mental health needs.

According to Elrod's plea agreement, in at least April 2010, Elrod became part
of a bank fraud conspiracy led my Christopher Devine when he opened a checking
account into which Devine and his co-conspirators deposited fraudulent checks
totaling $4,800. Devine and others at his direction then made approximately
$2,028.83 in cash advances and retail purchases before the bank returned the
checks for insufficient funds.

After that, Elrod used his position at RHD to steal the personal identifying
information of past or present residents of RHD. Elrod sold the personal
information of at least 40 individuals who were residents of RHD programs to
Devine during Devine's many trips to Philadelphia.

Over the course of the scheme, Devine and his conspirators used the stolen
information of at least four RHD residents to open checking accounts at banks,
and deposited at least $11,598 in fraudulent checks into those accounts.
Approximately $9,858 in cash advances and retail purchases were made from those
accounts before the banks returned the checks for insufficient funds. Devine
even paid a friend to create a fraudulent driver's license using the stolen
information of one of the victims, but with Devine's photo.

In addition, Devine used the stolen personal information of RHD program
residents to file at least 13 false tax returns for the 2010 tax year, claiming
$51,987 in fraudulent refunds. Many of the false refunds were direct deposited
into bank accounts controlled by Devine through the bank fraud scheme. The
fraudulent refunds received through the tax scheme totaled $36,552.

The stolen personal information of 15 RHD program residents was used in the bank
fraud and tax schemes.

Christopher Andre Devine, age 33; Quanishia Williamson-Ross, age 31; Quashonna
Williamson, age 26, and Lenee E. Williamson, age 22, all of Salisbury, Maryland,
Frederica, Delaware and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; and John Waters, age 38, of
Philadelphia, previously pleaded guilty to their participation in the
conspiracy. Devine was sentenced to 121 months in prison, Williamson-Ross was
sentenced to 42 months in prison; Lenee and Quashonna Williamson were each
sentenced to three years in prison; and Waters was sentenced to 27 months in
prison.

This law enforcement action is part of President Barack Obama's Financial Fraud
Enforcement Task Force. President Obama established the interagency Financial
Fraud Enforcement Task Force to wage an aggressive, coordinated and proactive
effort to investigate and prosecute financial crimes. The task force includes
representatives from a broad range of federal agencies, regulatory authorities,
inspectors general, and state and local law enforcement who, working together,
bring to bear a powerful array of criminal and civil enforcement resources. The
task force is working to improve efforts across the federal executive branch,
and with state and local partners, to investigate and prosecute significant
financial crimes, ensure just and effective punishment for those who perpetrate
financial crimes, combat discrimination in the lending and financial markets,
and recover proceeds for victims of financial crimes.

United States Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein thanked HSI Baltimore, the Wicomico
County Sheriff's Office, IRS-CI and the Social Security Administration - Office
of Inspector General for their work in the investigation. Mr. Rosenstein praised
Assistant U.S. Attorneys Paul E. Budlow and Kristi N. O'Malley, who prosecuted
the case.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/md/

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday

Maryland: CONSPIRATOR SENTENCED TO 3 YEARS IN PRISON IN BANK FRAUD SCHEME

LENGTH: 938  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Maryland has issued
the following press release:

U.S. District Judge Catherine C. Blake sentenced Derrick Elrod, age 35, of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, today to three years in prison, followed by three
years of supervised release, for bank fraud and aggravated identity theft in
connection with a scheme to use stolen, personal identifying information of
individuals to open bank accounts and fraudulently obtain cash, merchandise and
services.

The sentence was announced by United States Attorney for the District of
Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein; Special Agent in Charge William Winter of U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations
(HSI); Wicomico County Sheriff Michael A. Lewis; Special Agent in Charge Thomas
J. Kelly of the Internal Revenue Service - Criminal Investigation, Washington,
D.C. Field Office; and Special Agent in Charge Michael McGill of the Social
Security Administration - Office of Inspector General, Philadelphia Field
Division.

"The investigation of financial crimes is an HSI priority," said HSI Special
Agent in Charge in Baltimore William Winter. "Derrick Elrod abused his position
of trust by stealing identity information that was entrusted to him to
facilitate a fraud scheme for his own personal benefit. HSI will continue using
all its resources to bring to justice individuals like Elrod who think that
their illegal actions can go undetected."

"Today's sentencing is another example that crime really does not pay," said
Thomas J. Kelly, Special Agent in Charge, IRS Criminal Investigation, Washington
DC Field Office. "IRS Criminal Investigation welcomes opportunities to assist
the Department of Justice and their law enforcement
partners with dismantling criminal conspiracies profiting from bank fraud and
identity theft."

Elrod worked for Resources for Human Development, Inc. (RHD), a nonprofit social
services organization headquartered in Philadelphia. Elrod was an advisor at a
residential program that supports individuals with mental health needs.

According to Elrod's plea agreement, in at least April 2010, Elrod became part
of a bank fraud conspiracy led my Christopher Devine when he opened a checking
account into which Devine and his co-conspirators deposited fraudulent checks
totaling $4,800. Devine and others at his direction then made approximately
$2,028.83 in cash advances and retail purchases before the bank returned the
checks for insufficient funds.

After that, Elrod used his position at RHD to steal the personal identifying
information of past or present residents of RHD. Elrod sold the personal
information of at least 40 individuals who were residents of RHD programs to
Devine during Devine's many trips to Philadelphia.

Over the course of the scheme, Devine and his conspirators used the stolen
information of at least four RHD residents to open checking accounts at banks,
and deposited at least $11,598 in fraudulent checks into those accounts.
Approximately $9,858 in cash advances and retail purchases were made from those
accounts before the banks returned the checks for insufficient funds. Devine
even paid a friend to create a fraudulent driver's license using the stolen
information of one of the victims, but with Devine's photo.

In addition, Devine used the stolen personal information of RHD program
residents to file at least 13 false tax returns for the 2010 tax year, claiming
$51,987 in fraudulent refunds. Many of the false refunds were direct deposited
into bank accounts controlled by Devine through the bank fraud scheme. The
fraudulent refunds received through the tax scheme totaled $36,552.

The stolen personal information of 15 RHD program residents was used in the bank
fraud and tax schemes.

Christopher Andre Devine, age 33; Quanishia Williamson-Ross, age 31; Quashonna
Williamson, age 26, and Lenee E. Williamson, age 22, all of Salisbury, Maryland,
Frederica, Delaware and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; and John Waters, age 38, of
Philadelphia, previously pleaded guilty to their participation in the
conspiracy. Devine was sentenced to 121 months in prison, Williamson-Ross was
sentenced to 42 months in prison; Lenee and Quashonna Williamson were each
sentenced to three years in prison; and Waters was sentenced to 27 months in
prison.

This law enforcement action is part of President Barack Obama's Financial Fraud
Enforcement Task Force. President Obama established the interagency Financial
Fraud Enforcement Task Force to wage an aggressive, coordinated and proactive
effort to investigate and prosecute financial crimes. The task force includes
representatives from a broad range of federal agencies, regulatory authorities,
inspectors general, and state and local law enforcement who, working together,
bring to bear a powerful array of criminal and civil enforcement resources. The
task force is working to improve efforts across the federal executive branch,
and with state and local partners, to investigate and prosecute significant
financial crimes, ensure just and effective punishment for those who perpetrate
financial crimes, combat discrimination in the lending and financial markets,
and recover proceeds for victims of financial crimes.

United States Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein thanked HSI Baltimore, the Wicomico
County Sheriff's Office, IRS-CI and the Social Security Administration - Office
of Inspector General for their work in the investigation. Mr. Rosenstein praised
Assistant U.S. Attorneys Paul E. Budlow and Kristi N. O'Malley, who prosecuted
the case.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/md/

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           December 17, 2009 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

Richt's in no rush to hire coordinator

BYLINE: By Marc Weiszer < Morris News Service

SECTION: SPORS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 469 words


ATHENS, Ga. - Georgia coach Mark Richt moved quickly to make hires the only two
times he previously had to fill coordinator openings.

Finding his new defensive coordinator this time could last into the new year, he
said Wednesday.

"We all know it's a very important hire and one that I'm doing the due diligence
that I think that it takes," Richt said. "I'm working towards that end."

Richt promoted secondary coach Willie Martinez to defensive coordinator in
January 2005 on the same day Brian VanGorder announced he was leaving for a job
with the NFL's Jacksonville Jaguars.

He tabbed quarterbacks coach Mike Bobo as offensive coordinator two days after
Alabama-Birmingham hired Neil Callaway as head coach in December 2006.

Now, two weeks after Martinez and defensive assistants Jon Fabris and John
Jancek were fired, Richt said it still could be weeks before he hires a new
coordinator.

"I would say the safest bet - and I don't want to put a timetable on it - but
... I'd hate to think it goes much past the first week of January," Richt said.
"We've got to get back on the road recruiting. Even then I'm not going to say
100 percent because I'm not 100 percent sure when it will happen. I wouldn't
imagine it going too much past that."

Virginia Tech defensive coordinator Bud Foster is the only coach who has
publicly acknowledged talking to Georgia about the job. He agreed to a new deal
Monday to remain in Blacksburg.

"I'm very curious," linebacker Rennie Curran said about the identity of the
Bulldogs' new coordinator. "To a lot of us, it's going to be mean a lot for how
we fit into this new scheme and what feel we get for the coaches. I think it's
everything to us to know who our new coach is. We obviously are missing coach
Martinez and wishing they were all still here, and we know coach Richt is going
to bring in the best guy for the job, but it's just an awkward time."

Richt is juggling the coaching search, recruiting and bowl preparation. Georgia
held its second Independence Bowl practice on Wednesday.

"It's busy," Richt said. "It's busy for sure."

Georgia plays Texas A&M in Shreveport, La., on Dec. 28.

Richt didn't rule out a hire before then.

"I just don't know," Richt said. "I think I'll know when the time is right. It's
just so hard to predict."

Richt will hire a defensive coordinator first so he will have input in filling
out the defensive staff.

He said he's not looking for a coordinator bound to a particular scheme or
defensive philosophy.

"I'm open to championship-level defense," Richt said. "I'm not going to say I
will not consider this scheme or that scheme or I have to have this scheme or
that scheme. I won't do it because there are different ways of skinning it. If
you are really good at skinning it the way you do it, it's OK with me."

Reach Marc Weiszer at marc.weiszer@morris.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: college football

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 19, 2009 Saturday

Cheating scheme targeted casinos

BYLINE: Karen Florin, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 402 words


Sep. 19--Members of an organized cheating group known as the "Tran Organization"
infiltrated southeastern Connecticut's two casinos in 2005, recruiting dealers
to help them steal money, according to the U.S. Department of Justice.

The scheme, which involved dealers performing "false shuffles" at blackjack and
mini-baccarat tables, cost Mohegan Sun more than $570,000, according to a
federal indictment that was unsealed this week. The losses at Foxwoods Resort
Casino are unknown.

The government document indicates that Tran Organization members bribed former
Mohegan Sun dealers Geraldo Montaz and Jesus Rodriguez to perform the false
shuffles between January and April 2005. Former Foxwoods dealer Brandon Pete
Landry allegedly executed the card-cheating scheme at Foxwoods during the same
time period. They are charged with conspiracy to steal money and other property
from Indian tribal casinos and racketeering. The alleged co-conspirators from
the Tran Organziation are Phuong Quoc Truong, Tien Duc Vu, Son Hong Johnson, Duc
Cong Nguyen and Han Truong Nguyen.

The Tran Organization conducted its scheme at 26 casinos in the United Staes and
Canada, according to the U.S. attorney's office. The prosecution, centered in
San Diego, is being led by the Justice Department's Organized Crime and
Racketeering section and has involved dozens of federal, state, tribal and
foreign law enforcement agencies, including the FBI, Internal Revenue Service,
National Indian Gaming Commission and state and tribal gaming regulators.

In carrying out the scheme, members of the organization allegedly bribed the
casino employees to perform false shuffles that created "slugs" or groups of
unshuffled cards. After tracking the order of cards dealt, the cheating player
would signal to the dealer to perform the false shuffle, then members of the
group would bet on the known order of the cards when the "slug" appeared on the
table.

If convicted on the conspiracy charge, the defendants face a maximum of five
years in prison.

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090919-NL-Cheating-scheme-targeted-casinos-0919

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2009 The Day


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               London Free Press

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Falcons makeover fuels rise

BYLINE: John Kryk, London Free Press

SECTION: SPORTS; In Houston; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 994  words

DATELINE: Houston


Remember the 2014 Atlanta Falcons? Of course you don't. They finished 6-10, far
out of the playoffs.

Even if you did, those birds have flown. Thirty-six of them, in fact.

The 2016-17 NFC champion Falcons barely resemble the team head coach Dan Quinn
inherited two years ago. Only eight of 25 offensive players (six starters) and
six of 25 defensive players (four starters) remain.

These refeathered Falcons face the New England Patriots Sunday in Super Bowl LI.

Such a roster purge is not uncommon in the NFL two years after a new head coach
takes the reins. He has his own refined schemes, his own preferred player types.
And he wants the player-personnel side to gift him those players as quickly as
possible, so his schemes can work best.

In Atlanta's case, the deep overhaul was necessary, especially on defence. Fired
head coach Mike Smith and his co-ordina-tor, Mike Nolan, had run a passive 3-4
scheme. Quinn had been Pete Carroll's defensive coordinator the previous two
seasons in Seattle and knew precisely what kind of players he required - fast,
ferocious, athletic -to make his attacking 4-3 system attack.

"We knew that we had a whole bunch of big, stout guys and we weren't going to be
doing that with Dan," Falcons GM Thomas Dimitroff Jr. said this week. "So I knew
that we were going to be shifting the defence to fast, athletic, explosive
players that can run with people. We're playing in a league right now where
there are some damn good tight ends, and if you can't run with them, and you
can't run with running backs, you've got no chance to match.

"We knew the nuances of his defence, because Dan was very, very direct with us.
So, we could disseminate that information to our scouting staff and our coaches.
Everyone knew what we were looking for. That goes back to the Patriot paradigm.
That was very big." Dimitroff - Atlanta's Ontarioraised GM since 2008, whose
first scouting job was with the CFL's Saskatchewan Roughriders from 1990-91 -
learned much of what he knows about NFL roster-building and talent
identification from Bill Belichick. First on the Cleveland Browns in the mid
1990s, then from 2001-07 as Dimitroff rose fast up the ranks in the Patriots
playerpersonnel department.

One of Dimitroff's mentors in New England early last decade, VP of player
personnel Scott Pioli, is now Dimitroff's assistant GM following a failed stint
as Kansas City's GM.

"Bill Belichick and Scott were very, very particular about making sure the
(Patriots) organization knew what we were looking for. And that's a very
important part of this," Dimitroff said. "That really helped us put together a
defence that is fast and athletic, which we feel can match up in this league
with some of the best talent." That the Falcons replaced all but four offensive
and defensive backups over the last two seasons was a necessary part of the
rebirth, said Rich McKay, Dimitroff's predecessor as Atlanta GM and now
president and CEO.

"Your core players can many times remain, because they're such good players they
can play in any scheme," said McKay, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers GM and Super Bowl
architect from 1994 to 2003. "But then you've got the second-line player who
probably was signed for a specific scheme and that scheme's no longer here. So
that turnover is pretty natural." Defensive holdovers include four starters
(12th-year tackle Jonathan Babineaux, eighth-year end Tyson Jackson, fourth-year
cornerback Robert Alford and third-year safety Ricardo Allen) and two backups
(third-year backup end Ra'Shede Hageman and backup linebacker Paul Worrilow).

Offensive holdovers include six starters (ninth-year QB Matt Ryan, sixth-year
receiver Julio Jones, third-year running back Devonta Freeman, fifth-year
fullback Patrick DiMarco, third-year left tackle Jake Matthews and fourthyear
right tackle Ryan Schraeder) and two backups (fourth-year tight end Levine
Toilolo and 10th-year receiver/special-teams specialist Eric Weems).

Of the 24 replacement backups, 17 came in 2015 or '16 via veteran free agency,
four via the draft, two via undrafted free agency and one via the waiver wire.

Of the 12 replacement starters, one came via trade, four via free agency and
seven via the draft.

"That's really good," McKay said of the draft number. "When you draft somebody
there are a lot of unknowns, but then there's also the unknown of how are you
going to develop that player? How is he going to get the opportunities? "What
Thomas and his staff have done with Dan is they've been on the exact same page,
not just in who to draft, but what the plan was for that player to succeed. And
that has worked very well for us." To hear Dimitroff and Quinn say it, acting in
tight collaboration on all personnel decisions has been integral to the Falcons
rising up from 6-10 in '14 to 11-5 and a Super Bowl berth this season.

"Years and years hopefully from now, people can look back and say I really
appreciate what Thomas and Dan did and the style that they went after together
and that partnership to make their organization just as good and strong as it
could be," Quinn said. "It's one where we hold each other accountable, too,
making sure we're holding up our end of the deal." The 2016 Falcons, age-wise,
offer this contrast: a handful of grizzled vets buttressed by a slew of speedy
playmaking kids.

And know this, Dimitroff said: the old guys aren't ceremonial hangers-on. All
remain effective in their roles, and - to hear the young Falcons say it this
week - are invaluable for the advice they're always offering.

Babineaux said it's "very rare" for so many rookies to jump into the starting
ranks and be effective, as the Falcons have had over the past 24 months.

"This league is coming down to a lot of young players right now. There's not a
lot of vets like myself in this league anymore," he said. Does it make him feel
older? "You know what?" he said, chuckling. "I try to fit in ... I try to fit
in." !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Associated Press; Atlanta Falcons head coach Dan Quinn, right, and
offensive co-ordinator Kyle Shanahan discuss Super Bowl strategy.; The
Associated Press;  The field at NRG Stadium is prepared for Super Bowl L1 on
Tuesday in Houston. The New England Patriots play the Atlanta Falcons on
Sunday.; The Associated Press;  A reporter records Atlanta Falcons general
manager Thomas Dimitroff answering questions.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 London Free Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2014 Friday

Washington: Former Rite Aid Vice President and New Jersey Businessman Charged in
$14.6 Million Fraud and Kickback Scheme

LENGTH: 792  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania
announced today that a former Rite Aid Corporation Vice President and a New
Jersey businessman have been charged in connection with a $14.6 million, surplus
inventory sales/kickback scheme.

According to United States Attorney Peter Smith, Jay Findling, age 54, of
Manalapan, New Jersey, is charged in a Criminal Information filed today in the
United States District Court in Harrisburg with conspiracy to commit wire fraud.
Former Rite Aid Vice President Timothy P. Foster, 65, of Portland, Oregon, is
charged in the same criminal information with making false statements to
authorities.

The charges are based upon Foster's and Findling's alleged nine year conspiracy
to defraud Rite Aid, a publicly-owned national drug store chain with its
headquarters located in Camp Hill, Pennsylvania, via a surplus inventory sales
scheme that took place between 2001 and 2010. As the Vice President for Quality
Assurance, Foster's primary responsibilities at Rite Aid involved the
liquidation of surplus Rite Aid inventory across the United States. During the
time period in question, Foster worked for Rite Aid in Oregon. According to the
criminal information, Findling's and Foster's scheme succeeded by making Rite
Aid believe its surplus inventory had been sold to Findling's company, J. Finn
Industries LLC, for amounts reported by Foster when, in fact, the inventory had
been sold to third parties for greater amounts. Findling would then kick back a
portion of his profits to Foster.

The scheme allegedly started in 2001 and continued until February of 2010 when
Foster resigned from Rite Aid. According to the criminal information, Findling
established a bank account in New Jersey under the name of "Rite Aid Salvage
Liquidation." The account was used by the two conspirators to collect the
payments submitted by the real buyers of the surplus Rite Aid inventory. After
the payments were received, Findling sent lesser amounts dictated by Foster to
Rite Aid for the goods, thus inducing Rite Aid to believe the inventory had been
purchased by J. Finn Industries, not the real buyers. According to the criminal
information, Findling received at least $87.4 million from the real buyers of
the surplus Rite Aid inventory but, with Foster's help, only had to tender $72.8
million of that amount to Rite Aid, leaving Findling approximately $14.6 million
in profits from the scheme.

The criminal information also alleges that Foster knowingly and willfully lied
when he was interviewed by FBI agents in January 2014 and denied he conspired
with Findling to defraud Rite Aid. Foster later recanted his false statements
when he was re-interviewed by the FBI in May 2014. During that interview Foster
not only admitted he conspired to defraud Rite Aid with Findling, he voluntarily
surrendered $2,941,940 in cash kickbacks Findling had paid Foster over the life
of the conspiracy.

The Criminal Information was filed pursuant to plea agreements with the two
defendants. Both agreements, which are subject to approval by the court, require
the defendants to cooperate with the government and to pay restitution to Rite
Aid as ordered by the court. Findling's plea agreement also obligates him to
make a $11.6 million lump sum forfeiture payment to the government at the time
he enters his guilty plea. No date has been scheduled as yet for the entry of
Foster's or Findling's guilty plea.

The case was investigated by the Harrisburg Office of the FBI. Both defendants
are being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Kim Douglas Daniel.

Indictments and criminal informations are only allegations. All persons charged
are presumed to be innocent unless and until found guilty in court.

A sentence following a finding of guilty is imposed by the judge after
consideration of the applicable federal sentencing statutes and the federal
sentencing guidelines.

Both the false statement and the conspiracy count are punishable by up to five
years' imprisonment and a $250,000 fine. Under the federal sentencing
guidelines, the judge is also required to consider and weigh a number of
factors, including the nature, circumstances and seriousness of the offense; the
history and characteristics of the defendant; and the need to punish the
defendant, protect the public and provide for the defendant's educational,
vocational and medical needs. For these reasons, the statutory maximum penalty
for the offense is not an accurate indicator of the potential sentence for a
specific defendant.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Former Rite Aid Vice President and New Jersey Businessman Charged in
$14.6 Million Fraud and Kickback Scheme

LENGTH: 792  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania
announced today that a former Rite Aid Corporation Vice President and a New
Jersey businessman have been charged in connection with a $14.6 million, surplus
inventory sales/kickback scheme.

According to United States Attorney Peter Smith, Jay Findling, age 54, of
Manalapan, New Jersey, is charged in a Criminal Information filed today in the
United States District Court in Harrisburg with conspiracy to commit wire fraud.
Former Rite Aid Vice President Timothy P. Foster, 65, of Portland, Oregon, is
charged in the same criminal information with making false statements to
authorities.

The charges are based upon Foster's and Findling's alleged nine year conspiracy
to defraud Rite Aid, a publicly-owned national drug store chain with its
headquarters located in Camp Hill, Pennsylvania, via a surplus inventory sales
scheme that took place between 2001 and 2010. As the Vice President for Quality
Assurance, Foster's primary responsibilities at Rite Aid involved the
liquidation of surplus Rite Aid inventory across the United States. During the
time period in question, Foster worked for Rite Aid in Oregon. According to the
criminal information, Findling's and Foster's scheme succeeded by making Rite
Aid believe its surplus inventory had been sold to Findling's company, J. Finn
Industries LLC, for amounts reported by Foster when, in fact, the inventory had
been sold to third parties for greater amounts. Findling would then kick back a
portion of his profits to Foster.

The scheme allegedly started in 2001 and continued until February of 2010 when
Foster resigned from Rite Aid. According to the criminal information, Findling
established a bank account in New Jersey under the name of "Rite Aid Salvage
Liquidation." The account was used by the two conspirators to collect the
payments submitted by the real buyers of the surplus Rite Aid inventory. After
the payments were received, Findling sent lesser amounts dictated by Foster to
Rite Aid for the goods, thus inducing Rite Aid to believe the inventory had been
purchased by J. Finn Industries, not the real buyers. According to the criminal
information, Findling received at least $87.4 million from the real buyers of
the surplus Rite Aid inventory but, with Foster's help, only had to tender $72.8
million of that amount to Rite Aid, leaving Findling approximately $14.6 million
in profits from the scheme.

The criminal information also alleges that Foster knowingly and willfully lied
when he was interviewed by FBI agents in January 2014 and denied he conspired
with Findling to defraud Rite Aid. Foster later recanted his false statements
when he was re-interviewed by the FBI in May 2014. During that interview Foster
not only admitted he conspired to defraud Rite Aid with Findling, he voluntarily
surrendered $2,941,940 in cash kickbacks Findling had paid Foster over the life
of the conspiracy.

The Criminal Information was filed pursuant to plea agreements with the two
defendants. Both agreements, which are subject to approval by the court, require
the defendants to cooperate with the government and to pay restitution to Rite
Aid as ordered by the court. Findling's plea agreement also obligates him to
make a $11.6 million lump sum forfeiture payment to the government at the time
he enters his guilty plea. No date has been scheduled as yet for the entry of
Foster's or Findling's guilty plea.

The case was investigated by the Harrisburg Office of the FBI. Both defendants
are being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Kim Douglas Daniel.

Indictments and criminal informations are only allegations. All persons charged
are presumed to be innocent unless and until found guilty in court.

A sentence following a finding of guilty is imposed by the judge after
consideration of the applicable federal sentencing statutes and the federal
sentencing guidelines.

Both the false statement and the conspiracy count are punishable by up to five
years' imprisonment and a $250,000 fine. Under the federal sentencing
guidelines, the judge is also required to consider and weigh a number of
factors, including the nature, circumstances and seriousness of the offense; the
history and characteristics of the defendant; and the need to punish the
defendant, protect the public and provide for the defendant's educational,
vocational and medical needs. For these reasons, the statutory maximum penalty
for the offense is not an accurate indicator of the potential sentence for a
specific defendant.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 21, 2009 Saturday

The rise of 'rampant Ponzimonium'

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: INTERNATIONAL; BUSINESS TICKER: FRAUD: WORD WATCH;
Pg. B7

LENGTH: 294 words


Hundreds of people in the United States are under investigation for financial
scams, many involving Ponzi schemes, a U.S. regulator said, calling the
phenomenon "rampant Ponzimonium."

While none are as mammoth as disgraced financier Bernard Madoff's $65-billion
(U.S.) fraud, multimillion-dollar "mini Madoffs" are proliferating from New York
to Hawaii, the head of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission said.

So far this year, the agency has uncovered 19 Ponzi schemes, which depend on an
influx of new capital instead of investment profits to pay existing investors.

That compares with just 13 for all of 2008.

"Because of the economy, people are seeking redemptions more than they ever have
and that's making a lot of these scams go belly up," Bart Chilton, commissioner
of the Washington-based CFTC, said in a telephone interview.

In the last month, his agency has pursued investment fraud in Pennsylvania, New
York, North Carolina, Iowa, Idaho, Texas and Hawaii.

Mr. Chilton called the problem "rampant Ponzimonium" and "Ponzipalooza" - a play
on the word "Lollapalooza," an American music festival featuring a long list of
acts.

Many of the financial scams are small but grew fast to support lavish
lifestyles.

The CFTC shares oversight of financial markets with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, which also faces a swelling casebook of Ponzi schemes, including
charges against Texas billionaire Allen Stanford, who is accused of bilking
investors of $8.8-billion.

Those accused of the scams used the money for cars, boats, clothing, jewellery,
homes and ranches, Mr. Chilton said. One bought his own island in Belize in
Central America, he added. "Some are easier to catch now because people are more
vigilant than they have been," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to Brocade Communications Systems (California) on November 04
titled as "Longest prefix match scheme"

LENGTH: 281  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,880,494, on
November 04, 2014, to Brocade Communications Systems (California), titled as
"Longest prefix match scheme"

Inventors:  Liu; Jian (Palo Alto, CA), Leichty; Philip Lynn (Rochester, MN),
Lim; How Tung (San Jose, CA), Terry; John Michael (San Jose, CA), Maddury;
Mahesh Srinivasa (San Jose, CA), Cheung; Wing (Fremont, CA), Ko; Kung Ling
(Union City, CA)
Assignee:  Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (San Jose, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A LPM
search engine includes a plurality of exact match (EXM) engines and a moderately
sized TCAM. Each EXM engine uses a prefix bitmap scheme that allows the EXM
engine to cover multiple consecutive prefix lengths. Thus, instead of covering
one prefix length L per EXM engine, the prefix bitmap scheme enables each EXM
engine to cover entries having prefix lengths of L, L+1, L+2 and L+3, for
example. As a result, fewer EXM engines are potentially underutilized, which
effectively reduces quantization loss. Each EXM engine provides a search result
with a determined fixed latency when using the prefix bitmap scheme. The results
of multiple EXM engines and the moderately sized TCAM are combined to provide a
single search result, representative of the longest prefix match. In one
embodiment, the LPM search engine supports 32-bit IPv4 (or 128-bit IPv6) search
keys, each having associated 15-bit level 3 VPN identification values."

The patent was filed on October 28, 2011 Application no. 13/284,829

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to Brocade Communications Systems (California) on November 04
titled as "Longest prefix match scheme"

LENGTH: 281  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,880,494, on
November 04, 2014, to Brocade Communications Systems (California), titled as
"Longest prefix match scheme"

Inventors:  Liu; Jian (Palo Alto, CA), Leichty; Philip Lynn (Rochester, MN),
Lim; How Tung (San Jose, CA), Terry; John Michael (San Jose, CA), Maddury;
Mahesh Srinivasa (San Jose, CA), Cheung; Wing (Fremont, CA), Ko; Kung Ling
(Union City, CA)
Assignee:  Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (San Jose, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A LPM
search engine includes a plurality of exact match (EXM) engines and a moderately
sized TCAM. Each EXM engine uses a prefix bitmap scheme that allows the EXM
engine to cover multiple consecutive prefix lengths. Thus, instead of covering
one prefix length L per EXM engine, the prefix bitmap scheme enables each EXM
engine to cover entries having prefix lengths of L, L+1, L+2 and L+3, for
example. As a result, fewer EXM engines are potentially underutilized, which
effectively reduces quantization loss. Each EXM engine provides a search result
with a determined fixed latency when using the prefix bitmap scheme. The results
of multiple EXM engines and the moderately sized TCAM are combined to provide a
single search result, representative of the longest prefix match. In one
embodiment, the LPM search engine supports 32-bit IPv4 (or 128-bit IPv6) search
keys, each having associated 15-bit level 3 VPN identification values."

The patent was filed on October 28, 2011 Application no. 13/284,829

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday

INDIAN PATENT OFFICE PUBLISHED PATENT OF QUALCOMM INCORPORATED TITLED AS "METHOD
AND DEVICE FOR DECODING MULTI LAYER VIDEO DATA BY DETERMINING THE PROCESSING
CORE OF THE DECODER BASED ON PARTITION CONTAINING ONE OR MORE LAYERS"

LENGTH: 267 words

DATELINE: New York


Kolkata: Application No. 201647030385 was published on November 4, 2016 by the
Indian Patent Office.

Title of the invention: METHOD AND DEVICE FOR DECODING MULTI LAYER VIDEO DATA BY
DETERMINING THE PROCESSING CORE OF THE DECODER BASED ON PARTITION CONTAINING ONE
OR MORE LAYERS

Applicant(s): QUALCOMM INCORPORATED Attn: International IP Administration, 5775
Morehouse Drive, San Diego, California 92121-1714 US US

Inventor(s): RAMASUBRAMONIAN, Adarsh Krishnan Attn: International IP
Administration, 5775 Morehouse Drive, San Diego, California 92121-1714 US U
WANG, Ye Kui Attn: International IP Administration, 5775 Morehouse D

According to the abstract published by the Indian Patent Office on its website:
"A video decoder is configured to decode a bitstream that comprises an encoded
representation of video data.

As part of decoding the bitstream the video decoder obtains from the bitstream
one or more syntax elements indicating one or more partitioning schemes. For
each respective partitioning scheme of the one or more partitioning schemes the
respective partitioning scheme specifies a respective set of disjoint partitions
whose union forms an output layer set. Each respective partition of the
respective set of disjoint partitions contains one or more of the layers. The
video decoder is further configured to decode each of the partitions of a
particular partitioning scheme using different processing cores in a plurality
of hardware cores the particular partitioning scheme being one of the one or
more partitioning schemes."

The patent was filed on 2016/09/06 under Application No. 201647030385


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            October 12, 2012 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS THE REGION;
2ND MAN INDICTED IN PONZI SCHEME

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 697 words

DATELINE: ANDERSON, S.C.


A second man has been indicted in what prosecutors say was a multimillion-dollar
Ponzi scheme involving precious metals.

A federal grand jury charged Wallace Lindsey Howell, 60, with mail fraud.

Prosecutors say Howell worked with former Anderson County Councilman Ronnie
Wilson on a scheme where they promised to buy and sell silver for customers. But
authorities say the men invested little of the $90 million, either losing it or
keeping it for themselves.

It wasn't known whether Howell had a lawyer.

Wilson pleaded guilty to mail fraud in July and faces up to 20 years in prison
when he is sentenced.

State's high court reprimands hopeful

SUMTER, S.C. -- A Manning attorney running for a state Senate seat has been
reprimanded by the South Carolina Supreme Court.

The justices said Eleazer Carter failed to adequately represent a client in a
vehicle wreck case. The court says Carter didn't show up for hearings and
depositions and didn't return the case file to the client so he might find
another lawyer.

The justices ordered Carter to pay for court proceedings and take a legal ethics
course within six months.

Carter is a Democrat running as a petition candidate for Senate District 36.

He told The Item of Sumter that he thinks he was targeted for harsher punishment
because he is a public figure running for office.

The Supreme Court's ruling noted this is the sixth time Carter has been
reprimanded.

Ryan plans to raise funds in Greenville

GREENVILLE, S.C. -- Republican vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan will be in
Greenville later this month for a private fundraiser.

Former South Carolina GOP chairman Barry Wynn said the breakfast will be at the
home of Greenville developer Phil Hughes on Oct. 26.

The event could attract perhaps 100 people, said Wynn, the finance co-chairman
for Mitt Romney's presidential campaign in South Carolina.

Tickets cost $1,000, with special photo opportunities for those donating $5,000.
Those who give $25,000 can attend a private reception with Ryan.

Ryan is not scheduled to campaign publicly in South Carolina. Wynn says the
money will be spent in swing states.

Retirees will pay more for insurance

ATHENS, GA. -- The Georgia Board of Regents has approved a plan that will mean
future University System of Georgia retirees will pay more for their health
insurance.

The board made the decision at a meeting Wednesday in Athens.

The new policy limiting what the state will pay for retiree health benefits will
not affect current employees of the University of Georgia and other Georgia
public schools and colleges, officials said. The change will only apply to
people hired after Jan. 1, 2013.

Under the new policy, the state will contribute to retirees' health insurance
coverage based on how long a person has worked for the university system when he
or she retires.

The policy change should save the university system more than $3 million a year
starting in about 10 years, according to system Chancellor Hank Huckaby and Vice
Chancellor for Human Resources Marion Ross Fedrick.

The Regents approved the change unanimously without discussion.

Largest natural gas fuel station opens

ATLANTA -- The state's largest natural gas fueling station has opened in DeKalb
County.

Gas South teamed with American Fueling Systems station to market alternative
fuel options to prospective fleets. The new facility opened on Thursday to the
public and commercial vehicles on Buford Highway in DeKalb County.

DeKalb County has already begun fueling its compressed natural gas garbage truck
at the location. Other fleets such as UPS, AT&T, and other area companies are
expected to be filling up at the station.

Gas South, a natural gas provider since 2008, now provides fuel to six of metro
Atlanta's seven public compressed natural gas stations including Atlanta,
Lithonia and Tucker.

In other news

A LAWYER WHO was shot eight times outside her Sandy Springs apartment has been
released from an Atlanta rehabilitation center and is now being treated as an
outpatient. A Fulton County grand jury has indicted Parson's husband,
43-year-old Michael Darnell Parson, in connection with the April 20 shooting. He
is being held in the Fulton County Jail without bond.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 1, 2012 Thursday

5 sentenced in Aflac insurance fraud scheme

BYLINE: Jared Taylor, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 386 words


March 01--MCALLEN -- Federal judges sentenced five defendants to prison and
ordered they pay restitution for their roles in a scheme that defrauded millions
of dollars from insurance company Aflac.

The latest sentences made 27 of 36 defend Operation Sitting Duck, in which  area
residents allegedly defrauded the Columbus, Ga., supplemental insurance provider
of more than $3 million in false claims.

As of Wednesday, 35 of the defendants had pleaded guilty, and the 27 sentenced
all have been ordered to pay restitution, as well as serve prison sentences that
have ranged between six and 30 months.

Chief U.S. District Judge Ricardo Hinojosa sentenced four defendants on
Wednesday:

>> Norma Flores, 56, of Palmview, received a 15-month prison sentence and was
ordered to pay $105,905 in restitution.

>> Nora Palacios, 55, of La Joya, received a 15-month prison sentence and was
ordered to pay $75,025 in restitution.

>> Georgina Flores, 34, of La Joya, received an eight-month prison sentence and
was ordered to pay $61,805 in restitution.

>> Jessica Herrera, 30, of Mission, received a six-month prison sentence and was
ordered to pay $34,510 in restitution.

And Tuesday, U.S. District Judge Micaela Alvarez sentenced Leonor B. Salinas,
46, of Edinburg, to 15 months in prison and ordered $83,345 in restitution.

Each defendant pleaded guilty to one count of wire fraud in 2011, saying they
participated in the scheme as an Aflac policyholder.

The scheme involved claiming fake accidents and injuries to two Reynosa-based
doctors, who would sell an "accident report" for about $15 for each malady.
Those accident reports were turned over to Aflac, which paid an average of $100
per injury.

Over several years, prosecutors said Aflac received thousands of false claims
from the three dozen defendants, leading to more than $3 million in payments.

Jared Taylor covers courts and general assignments for The Monitor. He can be
reached at jtaylor@themonitor.com and (956) 683-4439.

TWITTER

Follow Jared Taylor on Twitter: @jaredataylor

BACKGROUND

Earlier chapters in this story:

>> July 29, 2011: 20 plead guilty in AFLAC fraud case

>> Nov. 14, 2011: Former probation officer, family admit to wire fraud

___ (c)2012 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120301-MC-5-sentenced-in-Aflac-insurance-fraud-scheme-0301-20120301

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2012 The Monitor


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      AUGUST 18, 1999 Wednesday SF EDITION

PA. UNIT TO TRACK FRAUD ON INTERNET SECURITIES OFFICIALS SAY THEY HAVE CLAIMED
JURISDICTION TO PROTECT STATE RESIDENTS FROM INVESTMENT SCAMS.

BYLINE: Reid Kanaley, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 536 words


With crooks and the suckers they prey upon joining everyone else online, state
securities officials in Pennsylvania yesterday announced an Internet fraud unit
to investigate investment scams in cyberspace.

"It's clear that scam artists see significant growth potential in Internet
fraud," Pennsylvania Securities Commissioner A. Richard Gerber said in a
prepared statement.

"It goes beyond hyping crummy penny stocks. It goes to pyramid schemes and Ponzi
schemes and all of the traditional investment frauds. The Internet is a new
distribution channel for them," said Marc Beauchamp, spokesman for the North
American Securities Administrators Association, a Washington lobby for state
securities regulators.

Bogus or highly suspect partnerships in wireless cable services and
deregulated-utility schemes are among the favorite offers made by online
scammers, said Jerel A. Hopkins, a lawyer who will head the fraud unit from the
Philadelphia offices of the securities commission.

"We have a bull market in fraud going on in this country because we have legions
of gullible and naive and greedy investors who don't know that if something
sounds too good to be true, it is," Beauchamp said. "And the Internet has made
it that much easier to reach out and take somebody's wallet."

While the exact cost of such fraud is difficult to determine - because many
scams are difficult to uncover and victims are often reluctant to come forward -
would-be investors are losing hundreds of millions of dollars annually to online
scams, according to Beauchamp and Nancy Smith, director of the Office of
Investor Education and Assistance at the federal Securities and Exchange
Commission.

So far, regulators in three other states, California, New York and Texas, have
established Internet fraud units.

"What we hope to inspire is replication of these units," said Philip Rutledge,
deputy chief counsel to the Pennsylvania commission. "It's like more cops on the
beat."

About 20 percent of all cases investigated by the Pennsylvania Securities
Commission are now Internet-related, said Gerber, who oversees the commission's
division of enforcement and litigation.

The commission does not initiate criminal prosecutions. Its actions are
administrative or civil, said Hopkins. It has issued cease-and-desist orders
this year in six Internet-related cases, including three entities with
Pennsylvania addresses and three outside the state.

"We are claiming jurisdiction for offers made on the Internet because they are
accessible to Pennsylvania investors," Rutledge said.

Get-rich-quick offers sent by e-mail or posted on Web pages will be the prime
targets of the Pennsylvania unit, Hopkins said.

He said the commission has been conducting "Internet surveillance" in its search
for unregistered securities offerings and other scams for more than two years,
and the creation of the fraud unit of three lawyers, two securities
investigators, one securities examiner, and supporting staff formalizes that
activity.

Hopkins said Pennsylvania residents who wish to file complaints with the state
securities commission may call 1-800-600-0007, or visit the commission's Web
site at http://www.psc.state.pa.us

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            June 29, 2016 Wednesday

West Des Moines Man Sentenced to 70 Years in Prison for Retail Theft Scheme,
Child Pornography, and Witness Tampering Charges

LENGTH: 804  words


DES MOINES, IA  On June 23, 2016, Bradley J. Prucha, 39, of West Des Moines,

Iowa, was sentenced by Chief United States District Court Judge John A. Jarvey
to a total of 840

months, or 70 years, in federal prison for executing a multistate retail theft
scheme, producing

and possessing child pornography, distributing Xanax to minors, and attempting
to bribe minor

witnesses to change their trial testimony, announced United States Attorney
Kevin E.

VanderSchel. Prucha was previously convicted by a Southern District of Iowa jury
on March 1,

2016, on multiple counts, including conspiracy, mail fraud, production of child
pornography,

possession of child pornography, distribution of Xanax to persons under the age
of twenty-one,

and witness tampering. Prucha was ordered to serve a lifetime term of supervised
release to

follow his release from prison, pay restitution to the business victims, and
$1,900 to the Crime

Victims Fund.

Over the course of a six day jury trial, the government presented evidence
showing

Prucha was the leader of a retail theft scheme from at least October 2013 until
his arrest on June

4, 2015. To execute his scheme, Prucha printed UPC bar code stickers, and then
placed the

stickers on items in stores so they would ring up at a lower price. He then
returned the items to

stores for their full price, or sold them online through eBay, Craigslist, or
directly to bulk buyers.

Prucha committed the thefts between Florida and Iowa, where he maintained
separate residences,

and in Nebraska and Illinois. At trial, witnesses described how Prucha recruited
adults and

teenagers to place stickers on items, purchase them for the fraudulent price,
and make the returns

so as to avoid detection himself. At the time Prucha orchestrated and executed
his retail bar

coding scam, he was on probation for having committed a nearly identical bar
code switching

scheme in Florida. Prucha admitted to committing the bar code fraud scheme
during his trial

testimony.

The evidence at trial also established Prucha used teenage girls to commit
thefts for him,

and paid the girls to have sex with him using proceeds from the scheme as well
as Xanax. One

witness testified she committed thefts for Prucha starting as young as fifteen
years old; multiple

witnesses testified Pruchas nephew also committed thefts for him from an even
younger age. At

trial, the minor victims testified that Prucha gave them Xanax and money to have
sexual relations

with him. Prucha filmed three sexually explicit videos of himself engaged in
sexual activity with

minors. He maintained possession of the videos on his electronic devices and
multiple witnesses

testified that Prucha showed them the videos. Testimony and Pruchas own recorded
statements

played at trial, proved he threatened the victims with physical harm when one
victim learned

about the video of her (which had been taken without her knowledge) and
threatened to tell the

police.

A former inmate at the Polk County Jail testified that Prucha directed him to
offer money

to the minor witnesses for them to sign false affidavits, which would have
contradicted their

statements and the evidence in the case. Prucha provided the inmate, someone he
knew was a

convicted sex offender, with personal details about the minor witnesses,
including hand-drawn

maps to the girls homes, their telephone numbers, details about their personal
lives, names of

family members, and the hours and location of their jobs.

The evidence in this case showed Bradley Prucha is a dangerous predator who

manipulated vulnerable teenage girls to commit fraud for him and to have sex
with him by

providing them Xanax, money and gifts, and through threats, intimidation, and
emotional and

mental manipulation, said United States Attorney Kevin E. VanderSchel. The
significant term

of incarceration Prucha will serve is appropriate and necessary to protect the
public and other

potential victims.

At sentencing, Chief United States District Judge John A. Jarvey imposed a total
sentence

of 840 months. Prucha received the maximum term of imprisonment of five years as
to the

conspiracy count, 20 years as to six mail fraud counts, 20 years for possession
of child

pornography, and 10 years for the distribution of Xanax to persons under the age
of twenty-one.

He additionally was sentenced to 40 years imprisonment on each count of
production of child

pornography, a consecutive thirty years for committing those offenses while
required to register

as a sex offender, and 30 years for each of the four counts of witness
tampering.

This matter was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with
assistance from

the Asset Protections teams at various retailers, including Barnes & Noble,
Walmart, Toys R Us,

and Best Buy. The case was prosecuted by the United States Attorneys Office for
the Southern

District of Iowa. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Arizona: Los Angeles-Area Pharmacist Pleads Guilty to Medicare Part D Fraud
Scheme

LENGTH: 403  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

A pharmacist who owned and operated a pharmacy in Los Angeles pleaded guilty
today in connection with a Medicare fraud scheme, announced Assistant Attorney
General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's Criminal Division, Acting
U.S. Attorney Stephanie Yonekura of the Central District of California and
Assistant Director in Charge David Bowdich of the FBI's Los Angeles Field
Office.

Rouzbeh Javaherian, 34, of Beverly Grove, California, pleaded guilty to health
care fraud in connection with a scheme to defraud the Medicare Part D program
through a pharmacy called Emoonah Inc., doing business as Westaid Pharmacy and
Medical Supply (Westaid).  According to admissions in the plea agreement,
Javaherian was a licensed pharmacist and owner of Westaid, which was located in
Los Angeles.  From January 2008 to November 2014, Javaherian devised and
executed a scheme to defraud the Medicare Part D program by paying illegal cash
kickbacks to Medicare beneficiaries to induce them to submit their prescriptions
to Westaid.  Javaherian then filled some of those prescriptions, but also
submitted false and fraudulent claims to Medicare Part D plan sponsors for
prescriptions that he did not actually fill.

From January 2008 to November 2014, Javaherian received approximately $644,060
in overpayments from Medicare as the result of the fraud scheme.

Sentencing is scheduled for June 1, 2015, before U.S. District Judge Stephen V.
Wilson of the Central District of California.

The case was investigated by the FBI, and was brought as part of the Medicare
Fraud Strike Force, supervised by the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and the
U.S. Attorney's Office for the Central District of California.  The case is
being prosecuted by Trial Attorney Alexander F. Porter of the Criminal
Division's Fraud Section.

Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine cities across the country, has charged nearly 2,100 defendants
who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $6.5 billion.
In addition, the HHS Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, working in
conjunction with the HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase accountability and
decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 14, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Two Members of Genovese Crime Family Sentenced in Manhattan Federal
Court for Loansharking in Commercial Carting Scheme

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
announced today that DOMINICK PIETRANICO and JOSEPH SARCINELLA were sentenced in
Manhattan federal court in connection with their roles in a scheme to exert
control over the commercial waste-hauling industry in the greater New York City
metropolitan area and in parts of New Jersey. Each defendant previously pled
guilty to one count of loansharking in connection with the scheme. PIETRANICO
and SARCINELLA were each sentenced today to five months in prison by U.S.
District Judge P. Kevin Castel.

According to the Indictment, other documents filed in Manhattan federal court,
and statements made at various proceedings in this case, including today's
sentencing:

PIETRANICO and SARCINELLA were participants in a scheme, along with other
members and associates of three different organized crime families of La Cosa
Nostra (LCN)--the Genovese, Gambino, and Luchese crime families--to control
various waste disposal businesses in the New York City metropolitan area and
multiple counties in New Jersey. Members of the scheme engaged in various crimes
including extortion, loansharking, mail and wire fraud, and stolen property
offenses.

PIETRANICO and SARCINELLA, who are made members of the Genovese crime family,
provided protection and "backing" to a cooperating government witness who
operated a waste disposal company and made an extortionate loan at a rate of
interest exceeding 100 percent annually.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 13, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Two Members of Genovese Crime Family Sentenced in Manhattan Federal
Court for Loansharking in Commercial Carting Scheme

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
announced today that DOMINICK PIETRANICO and JOSEPH SARCINELLA were sentenced in
Manhattan federal court in connection with their roles in a scheme to exert
control over the commercial waste-hauling industry in the greater New York City
metropolitan area and in parts of New Jersey. Each defendant previously pled
guilty to one count of loansharking in connection with the scheme. PIETRANICO
and SARCINELLA were each sentenced today to five months in prison by U.S.
District Judge P. Kevin Castel.

According to the Indictment, other documents filed in Manhattan federal court,
and statements made at various proceedings in this case, including today's
sentencing:

PIETRANICO and SARCINELLA were participants in a scheme, along with other
members and associates of three different organized crime families of La Cosa
Nostra (LCN)--the Genovese, Gambino, and Luchese crime families--to control
various waste disposal businesses in the New York City metropolitan area and
multiple counties in New Jersey. Members of the scheme engaged in various crimes
including extortion, loansharking, mail and wire fraud, and stolen property
offenses.

PIETRANICO and SARCINELLA, who are made members of the Genovese crime family,
provided protection and "backing" to a cooperating government witness who
operated a waste disposal company and made an extortionate loan at a rate of
interest exceeding 100 percent annually.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                             April 29, 2014 Tuesday

Towing-scheme conviction affirmed; restitution order shaved, rules 4th Circuit
Court

BYLINE: Steve Lash

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 311  words


A federal appeals court Tuesday upheld the conviction and 18-month prison
sentence of a former Baltimore police officer for his role in a towing company
extortion scheme.

The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals also upheld the $1,500 in restitution that
the trial judge ordered Samuel Ocasio to pay to the Baltimore Police Department.
But the 4th Circuit overturned U.S. District Judge Catherine C. Blake's order
that Ocasio pay $1,870.58 in restitution to Erie Insurance, saying the officer
was never convicted of -- let alone charged with -- insurance fraud.

Ocasio was convicted in February 2012 of extortion and conspiracy to commit
extortion related to a scheme to have Majestic Auto Repair Shop tow cars
involved in collisions to its facility in Baltimore County, rather than have a
city-authorized company tow the cars away. In return, Majestic paid Ocasio and
eight other officers about $300 for each illicit referral.

Ocasio appealed his conviction and sentence to the 4th Circuit, winning only on
his argument that the restitution order to Erie was improper.

"Perhaps Ocasio could also have been convicted of defrauding Erie Insurance or
conspiring to do so, but that did not occur," Judge Robert B. King wrote for the
three-judge panel. "The United States Attorney and the grand jury did not see
fit to charge Ocasio with an insurance fraud scheme, and it would thus be
inappropriate to penalize him as though he was also convicted of that offense. "

The other police officers and Majestic owners Herman Moreno and Edwin Mejia
pleaded guilty to involvement in the kickback scheme and were not parties to
Ocasio's appeal.

Judges Diana Gribbon Motz and Dennis W. Shedd joined King's published opinion in
U.S. v. Ocasio, No. 12-4462.

http://www.mddailyrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

Man Sentenced to 10 Years in Federal Prison for Running Real Estate Investment
Scheme Targeting Senior Citizens

LENGTH: 692  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Southern District of Texas
has issued the following news release:



  Carl Keith Battie, a/k/a "Carl Hampton," 60, was sentenced this morning by
U.S. District Judge Sidney A. Fitzwater to 10 years in federal prison and
ordered to pay $11,407,794 in restitution, following his guilty plea in June
2016 to a superseding indictment charging one count of conspiracy to commit wire
fraud, announced U.S. Attorney John Parker of the Northern District of Texas.





 Battie's sentence will run concurrently with any sentence imposed in People of
the State of California v. Carl Keith Battie, in the Superior Court of
California, County of San Diego.  Battie has been in custody since his arrest on
this related state case while he was living in Atlanta.  Battie must also
forfeit property that was seized from his home in Atlanta, including a vehicle,
U.S. and Iraqi currency, numerous jewelry items, and more than $100,000 seized
from bank accounts.



 According to documents filed in the case, from approximately May 2011 to March
2014, Battie conspired with others, including "Person A," to defraud investors
in connection with the fraudulent sale, and offer of sale, of real estate
investments.  Part of his scheme involved inducing victim investors to purchase
mortgage notes based on material misrepresentations about the true value of the
mortgage notes and the real property underlying the notes, for the personal
enrichment of Battie, Person A, and others.



 To further his scheme, Battie owned and operated several businesses entities,
out of offices in Dallas, including Lien Exchange TX, LLC; Lien Exchange, Inc.;
Family First NV, LLC; Loving Life Studios, LLC; WCM Direct, Inc.; and Entrust.
Person A also operated multiple business entities in Addison, Texas, in
furtherance of the scheme.



 Battie located and purchased distressed and dilapidates real estate, mostly in
the St. Louis, Missouri, area, which had already been foreclosed upon by other
financial institutions.  Battie, using the various business entities, flipped
the properties one or more times over the course of several months or years to
create the appearance of a market and inflate the appraised values of the
properties.  At Battie's direction, associates falsified signatures and notaries
on property records that were later filed with the St. Louis County Clerk's
office and the City of St. Louis Recorder of Deeds.  In turn, Person A sold the
fraudulently inflated mortgage notes to victim investors and then paid one of
Battie's companies from funds received from victim investors.



 Battie directed Person A on how to "pitch" the investment opportunity to
potential investors, typically senior citizens, at investment seminars at
high-end restaurants.  Among other things, Person A made numerous factual and
material misrepresentations about the value of the properties underlying the
mortgage notes and the solvency of the company and omitted details about the
condition of the properties.  For instance, Person A misrepresented that
investors were purchasing a mortgage note for a rehabilitated property that had
a stable, civil servant residing in the property who would make rent payments,
when in reality, as Battie and Person A knew, many of the properties did not
have any tenants, or in cases where tenants were living in the properties, they
were not civil servants with steady income.



 Over the course of the scheme, Battie acquired approximately 120 properties
that he used in furtherance of his scheme.  Between June 2010 and February 2014,
Battie and Person A, and others, raised approximately $12.5 million from victim
investors and caused more than $7 million in losses.  In fact, at least 40
victim investors suffered significant financial hardship as a result of his
scheme.



 The case was investigated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the
California Department of Insurance, the California Department of Business
Oversight, and the San Diego District Attorney's Office.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 12, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Hostos College Is Linked to a $200,000 Forged-Check Scheme

BYLINE: By MARIA NEWMAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 596 words


The Bronx District Attorney's office is investigating reports of an embezzlement
scheme at Hostos Community College that has siphoned off at least $200,000
through forged tuition refund checks in the last two years, law enforcement and
school officials said yesterday.

The officials said the scheme came to light when a bank became suspicious and
got in touch with administrators at Hostos, one of the 21 colleges in the City
University of New York system.

The checks, they said, were all made out to fictitious students.

Details of how the scheme was carried out are sketchy, partly because officials
refused to provide certain specifics and partly because auditors are still
trying to figure out how the scheme worked and who was involved.

College Documents Removed

But auditors have begun an extensive review of the college's records: Locks on
the doors to the two-year college's computer center, where some financial
records are kept, have been changed. Officials have also begun removing
documents from the college's basement, where records more than two years old are
stored.

Tuition at Hostos, at 149th Street and the Grand Concourse in the South Bronx,
as in the other City University colleges, is $612.50 per semester for full-time
students. Those who drop out are entitled to a refund of a proportion of their
tuition, depending on when they choose to leave. For example, they are entitled
to a 25 percent refund if they drop out in the third week of classes, according
to the college handbook.

Steven R. Reed, a spokesman for Bronx District Attorney Robert T. Johnson,
acknowledged that an investigation was being carried out but refused to give any
details. The Hostos President, Isaura Santiago, declined to talk about the
matter, but other university officials confirmed that a review was under way.

"Hostos initiated a request for a review of financial records," Jay Hershenson,
vice chancellor for university relations, said yesterday. "That review is taking
place. Since the university is consulting appropriate law-enforcement
authorities, we can comment no further."

Some Checks Endorsed Twice

But other officials familiar with the investigation provided some details.

Those officials, at both the college and the university, said some of the checks
were endorsed twice, once with the signature of the nonexistent student and
then, before being deposited, with another signature.

College officials said the refund checks, if they were for $500 or less, needed
only the approval of a single college official before they were issued. Those
for a larger amount needed to be co-signed by another official.

Awilda Orta, Dean for Planning, Research and Development at Hostos, said the
college only recently went to a computer system for filing its financial
records. She would acknowledge only that a review of college records, both those
filed manually and electronically, was under way.

Hostos, with an enrollment of 4,716 students, is one of the smaller of the City
University system, Mr. Hershenson said. Named after a Puerto Rican educator and
patriot, Eugenio Maria de Hostos, it was founded in 1968 primarily to serve the
area's large Hispanic population.

The college was one of the first nationally to provide a comprehensive bilingual
program in which students whose primary language is Spanish are able to start
their regular college course work in that language while being given intensive
instruction in English as a second language.  More than 80 percent of its
students are receiving some form of financial aid.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 16, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Federal Judges Sentences the Last Defendant in $40 Million Ponzi Scheme
to 21 Years in Prison

LENGTH: 884  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

CHARLOTTE, NC--On Thursday, January 15, 2015, U.S. District Judge Robert J.
Conrad, Jr. sentenced Jonathan D. Davey, 50, of Newark, Ohio to 252 months in
prison for his role in Ponzi scheme that defrauded victims of more than $40
million, announced Anne M. Tompkins, U.S. Attorney for the Western District of
North Carolina. Judge Conrad also ordered the defendant to spend three years
under court supervision upon his release from prison and to pay $21,815,407.44
as restitution. In February 2013, after deliberating for 45 minutes, a federal
jury convicted Davey of securities fraud conspiracy, wire fraud conspiracy,
money laundering conspiracy and tax evasion.

U.S. Attorney Tompkins is joined in making today's announcement by John A.
Strong, Special Agent in Charge of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI),
Charlotte Division, and Thomas J. Holloman, III, Special Agent in Charge of the
Internal Revenue Service--Criminal Investigation Division (IRS-CI).

According to filed court documents and today's sentencing hearing:

Davey, a certified public accountant and registered investment advisor, served
as the "Administrator" for numerous hedge funds for the Black Diamond Ponzi
Scheme, an investment fraud scheme that deprived 400 victims of more than $40
million. Davey collected over $11 million from victims with his own hedge fund,
"Divine Circulation Services," by falsely stating that he had done proper due
diligence on Black Diamond and that he was operating a legitimate hedge fund
with significant safeguards, when, in reality, neither claim was true. As the
Black Diamond scheme began to collapse, Davey and other hedge fund managers
started a derivative Ponzi scheme using a so-called "cash account" that Davey
controlled. Davey and his coconspirators collected over $5 million from new
victim investors for the cash account and used the new victim money to make
payments to old investors and to themselves.

As administrator for the scheme, Davey controlled most funds and wires and
published a website for victims that reflected fake high returns. By the end of
the scheme, the website falsely reflected over $120 million in supposed value
for victim-accounts, when Davey and the hedge fund managers in reality had less
than $1 million total in their accounts. Davey also used an elaborate network of
shell companies to evade taxes and commit money laundering with the proceeds of
the Ponzi scheme. For example, Davey used an offshore shell company in Belize to
funnel victim money to build his mansion in Ohio.

In handing down the 21-year sentence, Judge Conrad stressed that Davey's
conduct, "was driven by greed that the Court rarely sees." Judge Conrad further
noted that, "from the beginning, in different ways, Davey lied to people for
obtaining their money."

Judge Conrad also stressed that the 21-year sentence reflected the effects of
the fraud on the hundreds of elderly and vulnerable victims and that Davey's
conduct caused "life wrecking damage" and caused victims to lose "life savings,
trust, faith, and their sense of dignity." Finally, Judge Conrad found that
"there are real life consequences of evil present in this case and the defendant
was personally responsible for those consequences."

Davey was remanded into federal custody following the sentencing hearing to
immediately begin serving his prison sentence. He will be transferred to the
custody of the Federal Bureau of Prisons upon designation of a federal facility.
All federal sentences are served without the possibility of parole.

The other 10 defendants sentenced in this case are:

o Keith Franklin Simmons was re-sentenced to 40 years in prison in December
2014, following Simmons appeal.

o Bryan Keith Coats was sentenced to 15 years in prison in November 2012, which
later was reduced to 13.5 years to reflect Coats' cooperation with authorities.

o Chad A. Sloat was sentenced to 70 months in prison in September 2014.

o Jeffrey M. Toft was sentenced to 66 months in prison in September 2014.

o Deanna Ray Salazar was sentenced to 54 months in prison in May 2012.

o Michael J. Murphy was sentenced to 48 months in prison in September 2014.

o Roy E. Scarboro was sentenced to 26 months in prison in May 2011.

o Jeffrey M. Muyres was sentenced to 23 months in prison in January 2012.

o James D. Jordan was sentenced to 18 months in prison in June 2011.

o Stephen D. Lacy was sentenced to six months in prison in May 2011.

In April 2011, a criminal bill of information and a Deferred Prosecution
Agreement were filed against CommunityONE Bank, N.A., related to its failure to
file a suspicious activity report (SAR) about the Black Diamond scheme and
failing maintain an effective anti-money laundering program. The bank agreed to
pay $400,000 toward restitution to victims of the Ponzi scheme that operated
through accounts maintained at the bank.

Assistant United States Attorneys Kurt W. Meyers and Mark T. Odulio of the
Western District of North Carolina prosecuted the case. The FBI and IRS handled
the investigation. U.S. Attorney Tompkins also thanked the U.S. Commodity
Futures Trading Commission for their assistance in the investigation.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 8, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Former CEO of Publicly Traded Company Sentenced in Securities Fraud
Scheme

LENGTH: 601  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Wifredo A. Ferrer, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida,
and George L. Piro, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation
(FBI), Miami Field Office, announce that Richard Altomare, 65, of Palm Beach
County, was sentenced yesterday for his participation in a securities fraud
"pump and dump" scheme. Altomare was sentenced to 37 months in prison, to be
followed by three years of supervised release.

On February 21, 2014, a federal jury in Fort Lauderdale convicted Altomare on
four counts, including one count of mail fraud and three counts of securities
fraud.

According to the indictment and evidence presented during the trial, Altomare
was the former CEO of Universal Express Inc. Between 2000 and 2003, Altomare and
other company insiders sold 500 million unregistered shares of Universal stock
to the public and then issued a series of false press releases in order to
offset the resultant negative pressure on the stock price. On March 8, 2007, a
final judgment in a civil action brought by the Securities and Exchange
Commission was entered against Altomare. Among other things, the order
prohibited Altomare from "participating in an offering of penny stock, including
engaging in activities with a broker, dealer, or issuer for the purposes of
issuing, trading, or inducing or attempting to induce the purchase or sale of
any penny stock."

Despite the order, Altomare persuaded a start-up financial services firm based
in Jacksonville called Sunset Brands Inc. (SSBN), whose shares traded on the
over the counter penny stock market, to bring him in as a consultant to attract
investors and help write their press releases. Instead, Altomare used his access
to the company to carry out a pump and dump scheme to defraud investors. In
early 2013, Altomare met with a former business associate and conceived a scheme
to artificially inflate the share price and trading volume of SSBN stock to
enrich himself and his associate. Unbeknownst to Altomare, his former associate
had become an informant for the FBI. During recorded conversations and meetings
with the informant, Altomare promised to compensate him with SSBN stock to
induce his cooperation in the scheme. Altomare's plan was to have his former
associate purchase shares of SSBN stock to mislead investors into believing that
SSBN's share price was rising and that there was a public market for SSBN stock.
Altomare also used his access to SSBN's press releases to further the scheme.
Altomare agreed to cause SSBN, which was unaware of his plans, to issue positive
press releases about the company to follow and coincide with the illegally
induced purchasing by the informant. The purpose of the press releases was to
make it appear that SSBN's stock price was rising because of the positive news
and to conceal the market manipulation scheme from regulatory authorities.
Altomare's plan was to sell, or dump, the stock he and the informant controlled
after the share price had been artificially inflated and then split the proceeds
with the informant.

Mr. Ferrer commended the investigative efforts of the FBI, and the assistance of
the Miami Regional Office of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The case
was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Alejandro O. Soto and Kevin J.
Larsen.

A copy of this press release may be found on the website of the United States
Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida at
http://www.usdoj.gov/usao/fls.


For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                              June 26, 2005 Sunday

The Ponzi scheme

BYLINE: Compiled by Ryan Geddes

SECTION: Pg. A-7

LENGTH: 544 words


Charles Ponzi, an Italian flim-flam man and one-time Florida painter, duped
thousands of New England residents into investing in a postage stamp speculation
deal in the 1920s. Ponzi took in millions and paid off enough early investors to
make the program look legitimate, but an investigation later found he had
purchased just $30 in legitimate postage. After being released from federal
prison, Ponzi settled in the Springfield neighborhood of Jacksonville and
marketed swampland in Columbia County in what turned out to be another pyramid
scheme. He was sent to prison again and then deported.

INVESTORS BEWARE

The North American Securities Administrators Association, an 86-year-old
organization of investment regulators, maintains a top-10 list of securities
scams, including Ponzi schemes and affinity fraud, in which con artists use a
victim's religious or ethnic identity to gain trust.

"Ponzi schemes have topped our list as the greatest threat to investors for the
last two years. They are very hard to detect because initial investors are
satisfied," said Bob Webster, a spokesman for the group. "But they don't really
know the source of the return -- that it's coming from other investors."

Nina Banister, a spokeswoman for the Florida Department of Financial Services,
said the state has made more than 700 arrests related to insurance fraud and
financial fraud cases since July 1.

The department has received 111 securities fraud complaints so far this year.

Webster encouraged would-be investors to ask detailed questions and check up on
anyone offering a deal with wildly optimistic returns.

"Ask yourself why you are so fortunate to hear about this secret investment
plan. These miraculous investment opportunities don't just drop out of the sky,"
he said.

Contact the following agencies to research investment companies or to report
suspected cases of securities fraud:

FLORIDA DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL SERVICES

On the Web: www.fldfs.com

By phone: 1-800-342-2762

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

On the Web: www.sec.gov

By fax: 202-942-9634

SUSPICIOUS GROUPS

If you invested in or lent money to the companies below, the Securities and
Exchange Commission asks that you file a claim with the court-appointed receiver
before Friday, Aug. 12:

-- Learn Waterhouse Inc.

-- Qwest International Inc.

-- Wealth Builders Club Inc.

-- Grande Belgravia Ltd.

-- Our Grande Corp.

-- Gaia Verdad

-- Greenbriar Group LLC

-- Crown Inc.

To file a claim, visit the receiver's Web site at http://www.tflinc.com/cases_
waterhouse.html, or call 619- 668-6680 for more information.

Source: SEC

SHADY INVESTMENTS

Assets and investments reported by Learn Waterhouse and its principals in court
documents and FBI transcripts:

-- Jacksonville Jaguars season tickets and an executive suite at Alltel Stadium

-- A stake in Pipeanium Technologies, a "new means of communication between
devices using a wavelength frequency medium"

-- Collateral assignment of a "$10 billion Treasury strip"

-- Mexican fluoride, phosphate, gold and titanium mines

-- A 10 percent cut of an ocean salvage company's potential $1 billion sunken
treasure discovery

ONLINE

@Visit Jacksonville.com to view Learn Waterhouse documents and to read more from
a transcript of the secretly-taped meeting between the group and the Moore
family.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Ponzi

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 The Florida Times-Union


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            January 10, 2017 Tuesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to IGT (Nevada) on January 10, 2017 titled as
"Gaming device having a selectively accessible bonus scheme"

LENGTH: 200 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,542,811 on January 10, 2017, to IGT (Nevada) titled as "Gaming device having a
selectively accessible bonus scheme"

Inventors: Baerlocher; Anthony J. (Henderson, NV), Gerrard; Peter (West
Yorkshire, GB)


Assignee: IGT (Las Vegas, NV) (Nevada)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
gaming device having a bonus scheme, wherein the player may choose when to play
a bonus scheme, so long as the player is qualified to do so. The method of
qualifying the player to enter the bonus round connects or links the base game
operation of the gaming device with the bonus scheme. The reels of the base game
contain symbols which alone or in combination with other symbols yield one or
more bonus awards to a player. The bonus awards are escrowed and displayed a
bonus award escrow display. Once the player obtains a single bonus award, the
player becomes eligible or qualified to play the bonus round and the player may
choose to do so at any time. The player can accumulate bonus awards and use
multiple bonus awards at one time."

The patent was filed on January 26, 2016 Application No. 15/006,857


LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday

Former Rite Aid Vice President and New Jersey Businessman Charged in $14.6
Million Fraud & Kickback Scheme

LENGTH: 792  words


Washington, D.C.: U.S. Department of Justice has issued the following news
release:

The United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania
announced today that a former Rite Aid Corporation Vice President and a New
Jersey businessman have been charged in connection with a $14.6 million, surplus
inventory sales/kickback scheme.

According to United States Attorney Peter Smith, Jay Findling, age 54, of
Manalapan, New Jersey, is charged in a Criminal Information filed today in the
United States District Court in Harrisburg with conspiracy to commit wire fraud.
Former Rite Aid Vice President Timothy P. Foster, 65, of Portland, Oregon, is
charged in the same criminal information with making false statements to
authorities.

The charges are based upon Foster's and Findling's alleged nine year conspiracy
to defraud Rite Aid, a publicly-owned national drug store chain with its
headquarters located in Camp Hill, Pennsylvania, via a surplus inventory sales
scheme that took place between 2001 and 2010.  As the Vice President for Quality
Assurance, Foster's primary responsibilities at Rite Aid involved the
liquidation of surplus Rite Aid inventory across the United States.  During the
time period in question, Foster worked for Rite Aid in Oregon.  According to the
criminal information, Findling's and Foster's scheme succeeded by making Rite
Aid believe its surplus inventory had been sold to Findling's company, J. Finn
Industries LLC, for amounts reported by Foster when, in fact, the inventory had
been sold to third parties for greater amounts.  Findling would then kick back a
portion of his profits to Foster.

The scheme allegedly started in 2001 and continued until February of 2010 when
Foster resigned from Rite Aid.  According to the criminal information, Findling
established a bank account in New Jersey under the name of "Rite Aid Salvage
Liquidation."  The account was used by the two conspirators to collect the
payments submitted by the real buyers of the surplus Rite Aid inventory.  After
the payments were received, Findling sent lesser amounts dictated by Foster to
Rite Aid for the goods, thus inducing Rite Aid to believe the inventory had been
purchased by J. Finn Industries, not the real buyers.  According to the criminal
information, Findling received at least $87.4 million from the real buyers of
the surplus Rite Aid inventory but, with Foster's help, only had to tender $72.8
million of that amount to Rite Aid, leaving Findling approximately $14.6 million
in profits from the scheme.

The criminal information also alleges that Foster knowingly and willfully lied
when he was interviewed by FBI agents in January 2014 and denied he conspired
with Findling to defraud Rite Aid.  Foster later recanted his false statements
when he was re-interviewed by the FBI in May 2014.  During that interview Foster
not only admitted he conspired to defraud Rite Aid with Findling, he voluntarily
surrendered $2,941,940 in cash kickbacks Findling had paid Foster over the life
of the conspiracy.

The Criminal Information was filed pursuant to plea agreements with the two
defendants.  Both agreements, which are subject to approval by the court,
require the defendants to cooperate with the government and to pay restitution
to Rite Aid as ordered by the court.  Findling's plea agreement also obligates
him to make a $11.6 million lump sum forfeiture payment to the government at the
time he enters his guilty plea.  No date has been scheduled as yet for the entry
of Foster's or Findling's guilty plea.

The case was investigated by the Harrisburg Office of the FBI.  Both defendants
are being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Kim Douglas Daniel.

Indictments and criminal informations are only allegations. All persons charged
are presumed to be innocent unless and until found guilty in court.

A sentence following a finding of guilty is imposed by the judge after
consideration of the applicable federal sentencing statutes and the federal
sentencing guidelines.

Both the false statement and the conspiracy count are punishable by up to 5
years imprisonment and a $250,000 fine. Under the federal sentencing guidelines,
the judge is also required to consider and weigh a number of factors, including
the nature, circumstances and seriousness of the offense; the history and
characteristics of the defendant; and the need to punish the defendant, protect
the public and provide for the defendant's educational, vocational and medical
needs.  For these reasons, the statutory maximum penalty for the offense is not
an accurate indicator of the potential sentence for a specific defendant.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            January 29, 2017 Sunday

Arrests made in 'Hamilton,' Adele show scams

BYLINE: LARRY NEUMEISTER Associated Press

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 561 words


NEW YORK - Two men were charged Friday with roles in Ponzi schemes that cheated
wealthy people, including some who believed they were investing in ticket
businesses for popular shows like an Adele concert and Broadway's "Hamilton."

Joseph Meli, 42, of Manhattan, and Steven Simmons, 48, of Wilton, Connecticut,
were arrested on charges alleging they enticed wealthy individuals to make
multi-million-dollar investments.

The Securities and Exchange Commission said in a civil complaint that the Ponzi
schemes led people in 13 states to invest $81 million. Meli's scheme included
investments in businesses that would buy large blocks of tickets for major
concerts and musicals, authorities said.

The SEC said at least $51 million of the $81 million was diverted to pay off
other investors or for personal expenses of coconspirators. Simmons was not
charged in the civil complaint, but both men were charged criminally with
conspiracy, securities fraud and wire fraud.

They were each freed on $1 million bail as U.S. Magistrate Judge James C.
Francis IV rejected a prosecutor's request that they be held without bail.

Simmons declined to comment as he left Manhattan federal court, though his
attorney noted he had no criminal record. Meli's attorneys called the
accusations false.

Deputy U.S. Attorney Joon H. Kim said Meli and Simmons ran Ponzi schemes even as
they pitched backers with legitimate-sounding investments.

"Meli allegedly made up out of whole cloth purported deals to buy Broadway
tickets that he could later sell at a profit," Kim said. "But as alleged, Meli
was just robbing Peter to pay Paul."

William F. Sweeney Jr., head of the FBI's New York office, said the defendants
had joked about their Ponzi scheme, saying it was a "shell game."

"When fraudsters think they're going to get away with scheming investors out of
money, they tend to forget that at some point the money will run out. It's the
way a Ponzi scheme ends," he said.

According to a criminal complaint, the fraud stretched from November 2015
through January and the Ponzi schemes developed as investors demanded their
money.

Meli spent over $200,000 at a luxury car dealership, the complaint said.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Joshua Naftalis had sought to have both men detained
without bail. He said Simmons was a danger to the community because he told an
FBI agent after his arrest he hoped Meli "put two slugs in the back of the
cooperator's head."

Attorney Florian Miedel, representing Simmons, told the magistrate judge that
Simmons had made an "ill-advised, jokey comment" but had no criminal history.

The prosecutor said Meli was a risk to flee, citing a statement heard by
investigators Thursday in which he claimed he was draining his bank account and
had gotten together his passport and valuables. Naftalis said that comment led
investigators to make the arrests Friday, earlier than they had planned.

Michael Bowen, an attorney representing Meli, said his client drained his
account Thursday to pay Bowen's law firm to represent him after learning he was
under investigation. He said Meli also had turned over his passport and
valuables to the law firm for safekeeping.

In a statement, Bowen and attorney Marc Kasowitz said the complaint against Meli
was not true and he will "vigorously defend against the criminal charges."

The Adele concert and "Hamilton" were identified in the SEC's complaint.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2017 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            January 29, 2017 Sunday

Arrests made in 'Hamilton,' Adele show scams

BYLINE: LARRY NEUMEISTER Associated Press

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 561 words


NEW YORK - Two men were charged Friday with roles in Ponzi schemes that cheated
wealthy people, including some who believed they were investing in ticket
businesses for popular shows like an Adele concert and Broadway's "Hamilton."

Joseph Meli, 42, of Manhattan, and Steven Simmons, 48, of Wilton, Connecticut,
were arrested on charges alleging they enticed wealthy individuals to make
multi-million-dollar investments.

The Securities and Exchange Commission said in a civil complaint that the Ponzi
schemes led people in 13 states to invest $81 million. Meli's scheme included
investments in businesses that would buy large blocks of tickets for major
concerts and musicals, authorities said.

The SEC said at least $51 million of the $81 million was diverted to pay off
other investors or for personal expenses of coconspirators. Simmons was not
charged in the civil complaint, but both men were charged criminally with
conspiracy, securities fraud and wire fraud.

They were each freed on $1 million bail as U.S. Magistrate Judge James C.
Francis IV rejected a prosecutor's request that they be held without bail.

Simmons declined to comment as he left Manhattan federal court, though his
attorney noted he had no criminal record. Meli's attorneys called the
accusations false.

Deputy U.S. Attorney Joon H. Kim said Meli and Simmons ran Ponzi schemes even as
they pitched backers with legitimate-sounding investments.

"Meli allegedly made up out of whole cloth purported deals to buy Broadway
tickets that he could later sell at a profit," Kim said. "But as alleged, Meli
was just robbing Peter to pay Paul."

William F. Sweeney Jr., head of the FBI's New York office, said the defendants
had joked about their Ponzi scheme, saying it was a "shell game."

"When fraudsters think they're going to get away with scheming investors out of
money, they tend to forget that at some point the money will run out. It's the
way a Ponzi scheme ends," he said.

According to a criminal complaint, the fraud stretched from November 2015
through January and the Ponzi schemes developed as investors demanded their
money.

Meli spent over $200,000 at a luxury car dealership, the complaint said.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Joshua Naftalis had sought to have both men detained
without bail. He said Simmons was a danger to the community because he told an
FBI agent after his arrest he hoped Meli "put two slugs in the back of the
cooperator's head."

Attorney Florian Miedel, representing Simmons, told the magistrate judge that
Simmons had made an "ill-advised, jokey comment" but had no criminal history.

The prosecutor said Meli was a risk to flee, citing a statement heard by
investigators Thursday in which he claimed he was draining his bank account and
had gotten together his passport and valuables. Naftalis said that comment led
investigators to make the arrests Friday, earlier than they had planned.

Michael Bowen, an attorney representing Meli, said his client drained his
account Thursday to pay Bowen's law firm to represent him after learning he was
under investigation. He said Meli also had turned over his passport and
valuables to the law firm for safekeeping.

In a statement, Bowen and attorney Marc Kasowitz said the complaint against Meli
was not true and he will "vigorously defend against the criminal charges."

The Adele concert and "Hamilton" were identified in the SEC's complaint.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2017 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                                 August 1, 2004

Rebate bonanza for film industry

BYLINE: Gill Moodie

SECTION: Economy, Business & Finance; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 563 words




MOVIE MAKING

BY GILL MOODIE

THE government has introduced a rebate scheme that could be the leg-up the local
film industry has been lobbying for.

Local film players have welcomed the Department of Trade and Industry scheme
that will refund local movie makers 25% and foreign movie makers 15% of their
money.

To qualify for a chunk of the R252-million set aside over three years, companies
have to spend a minimum of R25-million and do 50% of the principal photography
in South Africa.

The maximum rebate is R10-million, and it is available to film, television,
documentary and animation productions.

"It's the right thing at the right time as the local film industry is suffering
because of the rand," said Izidore Codron, chief executive of the South African
Film Finance Company.

Codron said he believed it would lead to between 15 or 20 big-budget films over
the next three years and boost foreign investment in co-productions.

"The scheme will help build an investor base for the South African film
industry," he said.

David Wicht, executive producer of Film Afrika - co-producer of the R90-million
Country of My Skull - has already used the prospect of the scheme to secure two
big-budget US projects: a made-for-television version of The Poseidon Adventure
and a television series called Supernova.

Though the stronger rand had forced local production firms to become more
efficient, Wicht said, it had also made it difficult for South Africa to compete
as a location against New Zealand, Australia, Canada and Ireland.

"They all have incentive schemes," Wicht said. "At six to the dollar, we're just
not competitive ... and the see-sawing rand creates massive uncertainty."

Eddie Mbalo, CEO of the statutory body the National Film and Video Foundation,
said: "The scheme is a sign of the government's commitment to an industry that
has long lobbied for state support."

The rebate scheme allows for smaller-budget projects to partner with others to
meet the R25-million threshold.

But Tim Greene, director of the small-budget local film version of Charles
Dickens's Oliver Twist, questioned the practicality of partnering with about
five or more partners each with budgets of a few million. "It's a valuable
scheme and it will help the industry, but it's not for the people at entry
level, who are the guys who need the help," he said.

Oliver Twist got off the ground after Greene used the Internet to appeal for R1
000 donations for his film. He raised almost R1-million from 800 people who
became shareholders in the film.

The National Film and Video Foundation contributed another R1-million.

Low-budget films were essential to the growth of the local industry, Greene
said.

"If 75 local films of R10-million each were made in the next 10 years, at least
three directors would emerge who could command budgets of R100-million."

But Mbalo said the reality was that making films was a business and the rebate
scheme challenged the small firms to form partnerships and act as businesses -
rather than individuals.

"The ball is now in the industry's court," he said.

LIGHTS, CAMERA, ACTION: The government rebate scheme will boost big productions
such as the R170-million co-produced Canadian-South African TV series Charlie
Jade, which is being shot by Imaginarium in Cape Town at the moment

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                       Copyright 2004 Times Media Limited


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Tasmanian Country (Australia)

                            December 11, 2015 Friday
                               TasCountry Edition

Irrigation body ups ante after gusher of a year

BYLINE: ROGER HANSON

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 248 words


REPORTING on an outstanding year, Tasmanian Irrigation has also outlined its
plans for further irrigation schemes.

At parliamentary hearings into government business -enterprises, TI said its
schemes had been completed on time and within budget.

TI chairman John Lord said 10 schemes had been completed and another five in
TrancheÂ 2 are were in the pipeline, with the organisation working on a
cost-recovery basis.

Mr Lord said TI was also canvassing ideas for possible schemes in tranche 3.
Potential locations for the next tranche include Flowerdale-Inglis River, the
Cressy and Longford area and increasing capacity of the existing
Sassafras-Wesley Vale scheme.

"Of the Tranche 2 schemes, the Highland scheme is at the most advanced stage,"
Mr Lord said.

The hearing was Chris Oldfield's last official duty as chief executive. He will
take up a senior trade commissioner role in San Francisco, California, and Luke
Curtain will be acting chief executive.

Primary Industries Minister Jeremy Rockliff said farmers were facing a
challenging time.

"The dry has put a focus on the value of water. The schemes offer 95 per cent
surety of water supply," Mr Rockliff said.

Mr Lord said an irrigation scheme was only progressed if it ticked the boxes for
economic and environmental viability and had social licence.

"If farmers want to fund and build their own scheme, then we are happy to let
them do it." TI also acknowledged the contributions from former Labor ministers
Bryan Green and David Llewellyn.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Tasmanian Country


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Norman Transcript (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 13, 2012 Wednesday

Feds arrest two in Lexington in money laundering scheme

BYLINE: The Norman Transcript, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 507 words


June 13--NORMAN -- Federal authorities on Tuesday arrested two in Lexington in
connection with a transnational money laundering scheme.

In addition to the Lexington arrests of Jose Trevino-Morales, 45, and his wife,
Zulema Trevino, 38, authorities also arrested an additional five of the 14
indicted in the scheme.

Those arrested on Tuesday remain in federal custody. Another seven defendants
are fugitives, said FBI San Antonio media coordinator Erik Vasys.

Some of those defendants are thought to be in Mexico.

A federal grand jury in the Western District of Texas returned an indictment
charging the 14 defendants in connection with a conspiracy to launder Los Zetas
drug distribution proceeds by purchasing, training, breeding and racing American
quarter horses in the United States.

According to the indictment, Los Zetas is a powerful drug cartel in Mexico that
generates multimillion-dollar revenues from drug sales.

The indictment, returned on May 30 and unsealed Tuesday, charges the defendants
with one count of conspiracy to launder monetary instruments.

"The allegations in this indictment, if proven, would document yet another
example of the corrupting influence of Mexican drug cartels within the United
States, facilitated by the enormous profits generated by the illicit drug
trade," said United States Attorney Robert Pitman.

The indictment identifies millions of dollars worth of transactions since 2008
in New Mexico, Oklahoma, California and Texas involving a large number of
quarter horses.

Jose Trevino-Morales, Zulema Trevino and others allegedly used front companies
to conceal and disguise the true ownership of the quarter horses.

"This investigation reveals the varied attempts by Mexican drug cartels to
further their criminal enterprises by any means necessary. As such, the FBI and
its partners stand ready to combat all efforts by transnational criminal
organizations to undermine our national security wherever and whenever they may
be uncovered," said FBI Special Agent in Charge Armando Fernandez.

The indictment seeks forfeitures of horses and property as well as a monetary
judgment in the amount of $20 million representing the money derived from the
defendants' alleged scheme.

"This case is a prime example of the ability of Mexican drug cartels to
establish footholds in legitimate U.S. industries and highlights the serious
threat money laundering causes to our financial system," said Richard Weber,
Chief of IRS Criminal Investigation. "This attack on one of the Zeta's most
profitable money laundering schemes is an essential front in the war on drugs
and will financially disrupt and help dismantle this violent international
criminal organization."

This continuing investigation is being conducted by agents with the Federal
Bureau of Investigation, along with five other agencies.

Upon conviction, the defendants face up to 20 years in federal prison.

___ (c)2012 The Norman Transcript (Norman, Okla.) Visit The Norman Transcript
(Norman, Okla.) at www.normantranscript.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120613-NQ-Feds-arrest-two-in-Lexington-in-money-laundering-scheme
-0613-20120613

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NQ


                      Copyright 2012 The Norman Transcript


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            September 3, 2010 Friday

ND man charged in fake billing scheme acquitted

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 189 words


BILLINGS, Mont. (AP) - A North Dakota man accused of taking part in a fake
billing scheme to steal hundreds of thousands of dollars from a Texas-based
energy company has been acquitted.

A federal jury on Wednesday found Stuart Kringen, 39, of Williston, N.D., not
guilty of wire fraud. The former manager for Basic Energy Services was one of
six people indicted in a scheme prosecutors say defrauded the company of more
than half a million dollars. He was the first to go to trial.

Three co-defendants testified against Kringen after pleading guilty to wire
fraud. Two who are accused of knowing about the scheme and doing nothing are
awaiting trial.

Prosecutors say between August 2005 through 2008, Kringen and three of his
co-workers made deals with local businesses in Sidney, Mont., and Williston -
where the company has offices - to create false invoices for goods and services
that were never provided to Basic Energy.

Kringen's attorney argued his client "didn't know he was falsifying anything"
and there was no intent to defraud. Kringen acknowledged his signature on a
false invoice but said he signed stacks of invoices at a time.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     October 25, 2002 Friday EARLY Edition

Women preyed on women in pyramid scheme: police

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: News; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 186 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO, California

SACRAMENTO, California -- It was called Women Helping Women. But investigators
say it operated more like Women Helping Themselves to Other Women's Money.

The network was allegedly a $12-million pyramid scheme in which women were
invited to parties in beauty salons and suburban homes and promised the
opportunity to help their community and make big money for themselves.

The Women Helping Women parties featured a lucky "birthday girl," who would
receive up to $40,000 in cash from the new participants, each of whom donated up
to $5,000 to get in and eventually celebrate her own "birthday." But for many,
the birthday party never came.

Four Sacramento-area women were arrested Oct. 3 on fraud and pyramid-scheme
charges, and four more women were charged this week.

Detectives said the enterprise boasted of getting 10,000 women to participate in
the past two years. According to investigators, each woman had to recruit eight
others to get her $40,000. Each of those eight women then had to get another
eight. Eventually the pyramid collapses, with most participants losing their
money.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Crime

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                          September 21, 2011 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

POKER SUIT CITES 'PONZI SCHEME'

BYLINE: Compiled from news services

SECTION: NATIONAL; NATIONAL BRIEFS; Pg. A-6

LENGTH: 553 words


NEW YORK -- An Internet poker company that was blocked from operating in the
U.S. in the spring as part of an online gambling crackdown was "not a legitimate
poker company, but a global Ponzi scheme," federal prosecutors said Tuesday.

The popular Full Tilt Poker website illegally raided player accounts to fund
operations and make lavish payments to its owners, Justice Department lawyers
said in a revised civil lawsuit filed in New York.

Over four years, the company used $444 million in player money to pay board
members, including well-known professional poker players Christopher Ferguson
and Howard Lederer, investigators said.

Ex-SEC aide targeted

WASHINGTON -- The inspector general of the Securities and Exchange Commission on
Tuesday asked the Justice Department to investigate whether a former top SEC
official who benefited financially from Bernard Madoff's Ponzi scheme violated
conflict-of-interest laws in helping establish SEC policy.

The SEC's former general counsel, David Becker, played a key role in crafting
agency policy on how Mr. Madoff's victims should be compensated -- after he
inherited a Madoff account from his mother, SEC Inspector General David Kotz
said in a report.

Paul rises to third in poll

LOS ANGELES -- Ron Paul, the Texas congressman and libertarian icon whom pundits
consider a long shot to win the Republican presidential nomination, is staging a
bit of comeback, returning to his position as a solid No. 3 candidate in the GOP
race.

According to the Gallup poll released on Tuesday, Mr. Paul was at 13 percent,
displacing Rep. Michele Bachmann, who fell to 5 percent and into a three-way
dead heat with former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and businessman Herman Cain.
Ms. Bachmann, who won a straw poll in Iowa last month, had been as high as
second place before Texas Gov. Rick Perry entered the race in August, upsetting
the standings.

Alexander dropping post

WASHINGTON -- Tennessee's Lamar Alexander, the No. 3 Senate Republican leader,
will step down from his leadership job in January, saying Tuesday that he can do
more to help set budget priorities and curb government regulations as an
"independent senior senator."

Mr. Alexander, 71, chairman of the Senate Republican Conference for four years,
said he will remain in the Senate and run for re-election in 2014.

Tornado warnings faulted

KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Many Joplin residents either ignored or were slow to react
to the first warning sirens about a massive and deadly tornado this spring,
partially because of years of false alarms, the government said Tuesday.

In assessing the communications and warning systems used before and during the
storm that killed 162 people, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration said many people waited for additional information like seeing
the tornado or a television or radio report about the urgency of the threat.

Murder convict found dead

SMYRNA, Del. -- Thomas Capano, once a golden boy of Delaware politics before he
was convicted in 1999 of killing his mistress, was found dead in his prison cell
Monday morning.

Mr. Capano, 61, a former state prosecutor who was sentenced to death for the
shooting of Anne Marie Fahey, the scheduling secretary for then-Delaware Gov.
Tom Carper, was found unresponsive at the state prison in Smyrna. A cause of
death has not been determined.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 5, 2010 Wednesday

Toledo businessman accused in billing scheme involving Toledo Hospital

BYLINE: Erica Blake, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 383 words


May 5--The scheme Toledo businessman John Briggle allegedly used to bilk
Cleveland Public Schools out of thousands of dollars -- and possibly Toledo
Public Schools as well -- also may have been used locally to steal money from
Toledo Hospital.

Mr. Briggle, 56, was indicted by a Lucas County grand jury Wednesday on one
count of aggravated theft. He is accused of orchestrating a scheme with a former
hospital employee in which his company billed the hospital for about $150,000
worth of printing supplies that were not delivered.

The embezzlement scheme is similar to one investigators believe occurred at
Toledo Public Schools, allegedly involving Mr. Briggle and former TPS
administrator Dan Burns. In that case, in excess of $500,000 is believed to have
been stolen from the school district.

Although the cases involve similar allegations, the incidents at the school
districts and at Toledo Hospital are not related, authorities said.

Also indicted Wednesday in the incident involving Toledo Hospital was a former
employee, Leonard P. Gorski, 55, of Toledo, who worked as a manager in the
hospital's print shop. If convicted, the men face up to five years in prison and
up to a $10,000 fine.

A Toledo Hospital spokesman said Wednesday that the hospital was aware of the
indictment and released a statement.

"The Toledo Hospital is cooperating completely with the Lucas County
Prosecutor's Office regarding this matter," the statement said. "...Mr. Gorski
has not been employed by The Toledo Hospital since the summer of 2004. Over the
last several years, The Toledo Hospital has put new automated systems and checks
and balances in place to make it highly unlikely that anyone within the
organization could repeat an embezzlement scheme similar to the one allegedly
conducted by Mr. Gorski."

According to the indictment, the thefts from Toledo Hospital occurred between
May, 2002 and July, 2004.

To see more of The Blade, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.toledoblade.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100505-TO-Toledo-businessman-accused-in-billing-scheme
-involving-Toledo-Hospital-0505

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2010 The Blade


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            October 8, 2009 Thursday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

Dozens are charged in online scam;
THEFT: Palmdale man among those indicted in scheme that made millions.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 633 words


Authorities charged dozens of suspects, including a 19-year-old Palmdale man,
with running an online banking scam that spanned Los Angeles to Egypt and
allegedly bilked countless victims out of millions of dollars, the FBI said
Wednesday.

James Michael Viorato was one of 53 suspects named in the 51-count indictment
for conspiracy to commit wire and bank fraud through an Internet-based
"phishing" scheme uncovered in a two-year international investigation dubbed
"Operation Phish Phry."

Along with the U.S. federal indictments, Egyptian authorities charged 47 people
in the scheme.

The alleged conspiracy reflects a disturbing paradigm in the way identity theft
is now committed, said Keith Bolcar, acting assistant director for the FBI in
Los Angeles.

"Criminally savvy groups recruit here and abroad to pool tactics and skills
necessary to commit organized theft facilitated by the computer, including
hacking, fraud and identity theft, with a common greed and shared willingness to
victimize Americans," Bolcar said.

Law enforcement agents in Los Angeles, Orange, San Bernardino, Riverside and San
Diego counties, as well as in the Las Vegas and Charlotte, N.C., areas, arrested
33 of 53 people who are named in an indictment returned last week by a federal
grand jury and unsealed Wednesday in U.S. District Court, FBI spokeswoman Laura
Eimiller said.

Prosecutors identified the alleged ringleaders as Kenneth Joseph Lucas, 25, of
Los Angeles; Nichole Michelle Merzi, 24, of Oceanside; and Jonathan Preston
Clark, 25, who was identified only as a California resident.

Prosecutors allege the three directed associates to recruit others to set up
bank accounts at Bank of America and Wells Fargo Bank from which stolen funds
could be accessed.

A portion of the ill-gotten gains were then transferred to alleged
co-conspirators in Egypt, who had originally provided stolen bank account
information through "phishing."

Viorato is named in the indictment with several others as being enlisted to open
bank accounts at Bank of America, providing account information on them for the
scheme and then withdrawing money from these accounts.

Phishing schemes usually involve sending fraudulent e-mails to victims, asking
them to update their personal information and to provide passwords or codes that
enable computer hackers to get their money.

The amount of money lost in the international scheme and the exact number of
victims was not immediately available. But losses were believed to be in the
millions of dollars.

Each of the defendants is charged with conspiracy to commit bank and wire fraud,
a charge that carries a statutory maximum penalty of 20 years in federal prison.

Some of the defendants are named in additional counts that would increase their
maximum possible sentences, the U.S. Attorney's Office said.

The investigation marks the first joint cybercrime investigation between
Egyptian law enforcement and U.S. officials, Eimiller said, adding that the 53
defendants charged also represent the largest cybercrime probe to date in the
United States.

The investigation began in 2007 when FBI agents, working with U.S. financial
institutions, developed information about a multinational conspiracy to steal
identities of bank customers.

According to the indictment, Egyptian-based hackers obtained bank account
numbers and related personal information from bank customers by sending what
appeared to be official correspondence from banks or credit card vendors.

In such schemes, bank customers are sometimes directed to fake Web sites
purporting to be linked to financial institutions, where they are asked to enter
their account information and passwords. Because the Web sites appear to be
legitimate - complete with bank logos and legal disclaimers - customers don't
realize they are being ripped off.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: box
 Box: Some tips

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            August 25, 2011 Thursday

Police Hunt Leola Man  ;
Sought In Gold Scheme

BYLINE: Ryan Robinson

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 337  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

A Leola man is wanted by police in connection to his alleged role in a
cash-for-gold scheme, according to a Maryland newspaper.

Russell Manley, 34, and two other men are accused of scamming Maryland jewelry
stores last fall by swapping bottles of an acid tester with a liquid that made
fake gold appear to be real, prosecutors told The Capital newspaper in
Annapolis, Md.

An arrest warrant was issued in November, charging Manley with theft and related
counts, but he remains at large.

Another member of the trio pleaded guilty Monday in an Annapolis courtroom to
theft for his role in the cash-for-gold scheme, The Capital reported.

Oren Goodwin, 50, of South Richmond Hill, N.Y., was sentenced to 18 months at a
county detention center. He was given credit for six months he has served since
his arrest in February, the newspaper said. He also was ordered to pay $3,327 in
restitution to the two jewelry stores he swindled.

A third suspect has not been identified.

The three men used an elaborate scheme to trick jewelry store employees into
thinking costume jewelry was authentic 14-karat gold, police told The Capital.

Businesses that buy gold from the public use acid testers to determine if
jewelry contains gold, police said.

The three men allegedly worked together to distract jewelry store employees and
swap acid testers with identical bottles filled with water or some other clear
liquid, The Capital said.

They then had their fake jewelry tested and sold it as real gold to the stores.

The trio walked out with $2,461.26 from CR Jewelers Diamond Outlet in Hanover,
Md., Sept. 17, the newspaper said. Gold Traders in Glen Burnie, Md., paid the
men $1,534 for fake gold the same afternoon, according to the newspaper.

Manley allegedly used a Pennsylvania identification card during one of the
transactions, The Capital reported. Detectives later tracked the men through
identification cards they provided.

The third man was never identified because he did not sell any items, the
newspaper said.

rrobinson@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           December 11, 2010 Saturday
                                  ROP Edition

WEEKLY RECAP OF BUSINESS NEWS

SECTION: Business; pg. 23

LENGTH: 312 words


Boston to Green Airport line open

The long-awaited train connection between South Station and T.F. Green Airport
in Warwick, R.I., finally began rolling on Monday. The MBTA extension from
Providence is part of a broader project that will eventually bring the commuter
line further south, to Wickford Junction in North Kingstown by the end of 2011.

Shares in Talbots drop after report

Talbots' shares took a tumble after the Hingham-based retailer lowered its
financial outlook for the holiday shopping season. The company now says that it
expects revenue to remain flat or to decline modestly during the
November-January quarter compared to the same time a year ago.

Shapiro gives back $625M to investors

Boston philanthropist Carl Shapiro and his family relinquished $625 million to
be distributed to investors who were cheated by Bernard Madoff's infamous Ponzi
scheme. Shapiro, who had been investing with Madoff since the 1970s, contends he
was duped as well by Madoff's scheme. But a court-appointed trustee argued that
much of Shapiro's profits were made on the backs of investors who came into the
scheme at a later date.

Fortune Brands may sell Titleist line

Golf equipment manufacturer Acushnet Co. could be teeing up to sell its Titleist
balls under a different owner soon. Parent company Fortune Brands decided to
split itself into three companies - a move that would entail selling or spinning
off its Fairhaven-based Acushnet business.

Wind farm plan may trump Cape Wind

Deepwater Wind pledged to trump Cape Wind as the biggest offshore wind farm in
U.S. waters. The Providence-based company has proposed a 200-turbine wind farm
that would be built in waters between Block Island and Martha's Vineyard, at
least 14 miles away from land. Deepwater Wind also wants to build a massive
underwater transmission system so the power could be easily distributed to
several states.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Talbots store in Boston's Back Bay., File photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Patriot Ledger


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 7, 2003 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Ex-Informer Admits to Fraud As He Helped F.B.I. on a Case

BYLINE:  By ROBERT HANLEY

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 544 words

DATELINE: HACKENSACK, N.J., June 6


A former F.B.I. informer admitted in court today that he helped mastermind a
pyramid scheme that bilked scores of investors of at least $73 million while he
was helping federal investigators in another case, the authorities said.

The man, Thomas J. Giacomaro, 50, pleaded guilty to three federal charges,
including two counts of mail fraud, and one state charge of money laundering, in
separate appearances in United States District Court in Newark and in State
Superior Court here. Under terms of his plea agreements with state and federal
prosecutors, Mr. Giacomaro faces at least 10 years in prison on all the charges,
officials said. Sentencing is scheduled for Sept. 16.

Among those defrauded were the best-selling mystery novelist Mary Higgins Clark
and members of her family, who had invested at least $20 million, said the
office of the state's acting attorney general, Peter C. Harvey.

During today's proceedings, which grew out of a joint federal-state
investigation, Mr. Harvey and the United States attorney for New Jersey,
Christopher J. Christie, outlined an elaborate six-year scheme in which Mr.
Giacomaro and others organized several companies in North Jersey, ostensibly to
buy and consolidate small companies involved in garbage collection, trucking,
fuel-oil distribution, recycling and other undertakings.

Between 1995 and 2001, Mr. Giacomaro and his associates enticed at least 200
people in New Jersey, New York and Connecticut to invest millions of dollars in
the main companies -- including Wellesley Services LLC, Wellesley Energy LLC and
Consolidated Transport of America -- with promises of annual returns of 15
percent and, in some cases, bonus payments worth half of their initial
investments, Mr. Christie and Mr. Harvey said.

But instead, the two officials said, the millions were transferred to other
companies and then siphoned off by Mr. Giacomaro, and apparently others, to
finance lavish lifestyles, including the spending of $12.1 million to buy and
renovate three houses in Saddle River, N.J.

No one else has been charged in the fraud, but officials said the joint
investigation was continuing.

Whether the victims will ever recoup their lost millions seemed unclear. But
today, Mr. Harvey's office filed a civil suit in Newark against Mr. Giacomaro
and several associates that seeks to freeze their assets and require them to pay
restitution. Officials said they were trying to compile an accounting of their
assets.

Mr. Giacomaro is nearly finished serving an 18-month sentence at a federal
prison in Fort Dix, N.J. It was imposed in January 2002 for a guilty plea Mr.
Giacomaro made in 1996 to federal fraud and embezzling charges in a case
unrelated to the current one, officials said. During the six years he was
awaiting sentencing, he was a cooperating witness with the F.B.I, federal
officials said. Over roughly the same period, the authorities said today, he was
engaged in the swindle that led to today's guilty pleas.

A spokesman for the F.B.I. in Newark, Steve Kodak, would not comment on the
matter. Michael Drewniak, a spokesman for Mr. Christie, said Mr. Giacomaro was a
cooperating witness with the F.B.I. between his guilty plea in 1996 and his
sentencing. But Mr. Drewniak declined to discuss the cases involved.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Waikato Times (Hamilton)

                          September 23, 1999, Thursday

Websites helping beat scam merchants

BYLINE: HORROCKS Nigel

SECTION: FEATURES; COMPUTERS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 650 words


Be alert to scams on the internet, warns Nigel Horrocks . If an offer sounds too
good to be true, it usually is.

--------------------

SOMETIMES it feels like there are con artists all over the internet.

My e-mail this morning was full of unsolicited offers from dodgy sounding
vendors. One e-mail offered an easy to obtain mail order university degree.
"Register now and receive a $ 500 free gift. Get a degree online from
prestigious non-accredited universities. Tests, classes, books, and interviews
not required. Everyone is accepted. The only requirements for Bachelors,
Masters, MBA, and Doctorate diplomas in the field of your choice are your
present knowledge and life experience. Confidentiality assured."

Others offered me cheap holidays to Antigua, a top-up supply of Viagra and a
cheap dental service in San Francisco. The e-mailers have managed to get my
e-mail from somewhere. When I press a button on my mail programme which
automatically sends any further mail from their e-mail address to my computer
"trash" bin, the e-mailers still get through the next day. They have anticipated
the move and have changed their e-mail address.

The local Commerce Ministry has added to its site, a useful summary of those
that are currently operating around New Zealand. The section of their site is
called Scam alert and can be located at
www.consumer-ministry.govt.nz/scam%20alert.html.

The list contain known rip-offs such as pyramid selling schemes and lottery
scams, all of which the ministry warn should be avoided. Some unregulated
investment schemes are also listed. There is a long list of names under which
the pyramid schemes are promoted including Black Magic 95, Joker 88 and Mail
Order 2000.

The ministry also gives out some common sense tips on how to stop a scam. These
include getting sucked in by statements such as, "this scheme is legal". It says
you need to ask yourself why such a statement is necessary. Don't believe claims
that a scheme has been approved by the Consumer Affairs Ministry or Commerce
Commission and never send money away, especially to a PO box number or to an
overseas address, until you have somehow checked out the company involved.

At the website address of www.blacklist.com there is what is billed the official
internet blacklist. It is like an old fashioned notice board in the village
square denouncing the local villains.

There are websites that do not live up to their promises or simply take your
money and disappear, a list of overseas ISPs that "make more false promises than
a politician in an election and keep just about as many." Even this site has to
be treated carefully.

The latest venture on the web is called the Hunger site at
www.thehungersite.com, All you have to do is click a button and as a result
"somewhere in the world some hungry person gets a meal to eat at no cost to
you." That food is said to be paid for by corporate sponsors. Is it another
scam? The normally sceptical Urban legends site (urbanlegends.miningco.com)
thinks it may be legit. "There's not much to differentiate this warm, fuzzy
offer from the dozens of 'forward this to everyone you know' scams and hoaxes
already out there.

It even appears to promise something for nothing, usually a classic sign.

On closer examination, however, this site turns out to be unique. The Hunger
site doesn't ask much of you, but it does require that you view a small blurb
from one of its sponsors when you click the button to make a donation. In
exchange for that exposure, the sponsors contribute funds which are channelled
to reputable international programmes to feed the hungry.

All the available evidence indicates the site, founded by private citizen John
Breen as a personal contribution to improving the plight of the world's poor, is
completely legitimate and really works."

You can e-mail Nigel Horrocks at loggedon@hotbot.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Fairfax New Zealand Newspaper


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           September 4, 1994, Sunday

Around the South REGION IN BRIEF 'Get-poor-quick' deal between Friends

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 392 words


An official in the Alabama attorney general's office warns that there's nothing
friendly about the "Friends Network."

It's an illegal pyramid scheme that is "spreading like wildfire," said Jon
Folmar, director of consumer assistance. He has issued a "scam alert" about the
scheme.

Here's how it works: Participants put $ 1,500 into the Friends Network and get
several friends or family members to do the same. Supposedly, they get $ 12,000
a few days later, collecting from other people who pay to join.

But, as with all pyramids, most participants lose money. The trouble starts when
there are no new recruits to pump money into the pyramid, causing it to
collapse.

In Alabama, pyramid participants can be prosecuted, jailed for one year and
fined up to $ 2,000 each.

FIRST BLACK GENERAL: Gov. Jim Folsom of Alabama announced Friday the appointment
of Col. Willie Abner Alexander to be the first black general in the Alabama
National Guard and said the selection was made before the lack of blacks in the
Guard hierarchy was criticized. Alexander, an auditor with AT&T in Atlanta, is
commander of the Headquarters 122nd Support Group in Selma.

LEGAL EAGLES: All 89 law school graduates this year of little-known Campbell
University in Buies Creek, N.C., passed the state bar exam - the first time the
feat has been accomplished by any North Carolina law school, according to state
bar examiners. The 100 percent success compares with 93 percent for Duke
University and 96 percent for the University of North Carolina.

MANNING THE JUBILEE: The two-day 16th annual Heritage Jubilee Festival will
begin at 10 a.m. Sept. 17 at the Mann-Simons Cottage Museum of African American
Culture in Columbia, S.C. The cottage belonged to midwife Celia Mann, who bought
her freedom in 1850 in Charleston and walked to Columbia to begin life as a free
black.

ELSEWHERE

Dade County Chief Circuit Judge Leonard Rivkind in Miami has ordered family
court judges to mandate that children of divorce be enrolled in a counseling
program to help them cope with their parents' separation. . . . Florida health
officials have declared a "measles emergency" in Manatee County because of an
outbreak of red measles at the Nick Bollettieri Tennis Academy in Bradenton,
attended by promising players from around the world.

Compiled by Gene Tharpe and Gerrie Ferris

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942490066

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Leicester Mercury

                            October 27, 2015 Tuesday

Previous ProCon winners, 2003-2014

SECTION: BUSINESS:AGRICULTURE; Pg. 16-17

LENGTH: 556  words


Small scheme

Union Wharf, Market Harborough (1).

Large scheme

The National Space Centre, Leicester (2).

Project

Conkers Discovery Centre, Moira.

Small scheme

Waterloo House, Leicester.

Large scheme

De Montfort University Campus Centre Building, Leicester.

Project

Restoration of New Walk, Leicester.

Small project

Ravenhurst Primary School, Braunstone, New Teaching Accommodation.

Large scheme

Braunstone Leisure Centre, Leicester.

Building

Nevill Holt Hall, near Market Harborough (3).

Regeneration

The River Buildings in Leicester's West End.

Sustainable

Braunstone Health and Social Care Centre, Leicester

Small scheme

Old Grammar School, Freeschool Lane, Leicester.

Large scheme

Castle Rock High School, Coalville.

Building

Centre for Collaborative Construction Research, Loughborough University.

Regeneration

The BRITE Centre, Braunstone.

Sustainable

Castle Rock High School, Coalville.

Small scheme

Kilworth House Hotel Outdoor Theatre, North Kilworth.

Large scheme

One Colton Square, Leicester.

Building

New Music School, Loughborough Endowed Schools.

Regeneration

Fabric, Yeoman Street, Leicester (4).

Sustainable

Bushloe High School, Wigston.

Small scheme

The City Rooms, Leicester.

Large scheme

Highcross John Lewis Car Park, Leicester.

Building

David Wilson Library, University of Leicester.

Regeneration

The Shoe Factory, Abbey Park Road, Leicester (5).

Sustainable

Madani High School, Leicester.

Small scheme

The Phoenix Studios, Belgrave Gate, Leicester.

Large scheme

Highcross shopping centre, Leicester.

Building

Curve theatre, Leicester.

Regeneration

Leicester City Centre Development Project.

Sustainable

The Green Man House, Congerstone.

Small scheme

Charnwood Primary School, Leicester.

Large scheme

Hugh Aston Building, Faculty of Business and Law at De Montfort University,
Leicester.

Building

John Ferneley College, Melton.

Regeneration

South Leicestershire College, South Wigston Campus.

Sustainable

Himalaya restaurant at Twycross Zoo.

Small scheme

Hicks Lodge, The National Forest Cycle Centre, Moira.

Large scheme

The Uppingham School Sports Centre.

Building

Percy Gee Building,   University of Leicester (6).

Regeneration

Edinburgh House, Market Harborough.

Sustainable

Oakham Church of England Primary School.

Small scheme

New Physics Building, Loughborough Endowed Schools.

Large scheme

Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Leisure Centre, Leicester.

Building

Loughborough Design School, Loughborough University.

Regeneration

Loughborough Eastern Gateway project.

Sustainable

Allerton Project Visitor Centre, Manor Farm,   Loddington.

Small & medium residential

Belgrave Riverside - Phase 1, Leicester.

Large residential scheme

The Summit, Eastern Boulevard, Leicester.

Small non-residential scheme

Silver Arcade shopping centre, Leicester (7).

Large non-residential scheme

Manor Road Sports Facility, Oadby.

Regeneration project

The Makers Yard, Rutland Street, Leicester.

Sustainable development

Pear Tree Office Park, Ratby.

Small residential scheme

Solar House, Great Glen (8).

Large residential scheme

Old Hall Farm, Cottesmore.

Small non-residential scheme

Rutland Agricultural Society HQ and Oakham Rugby Club.

Large non-residential scheme

King Richard III Visitor Centre, Leicester (9).

Regeneration project

Western Road, Leicester - Phase 3.

Sustainable development

Solar House, Great Glen.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PICTURE: will johnston
award-winning: King Richard III Visitor Centre, in Leicester
out of this world: Star Wars at National Space Centre

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Arizona: Los Angeles-Area Pharmacist Pleads Guilty in Medicare Part D Fraud
Scheme

LENGTH: 401  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

WASHINGTON--A pharmacist who owned and operated a pharmacy in Los Angeles
pleaded guilty today in connection with a Medicare fraud scheme, announced
Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Acting U.S. Attorney Stephanie Yonekura of the Central
District of California and Assistant Director in Charge David Bowdich of the
FBI's Los Angeles Field Office.

Rouzbeh Javaherian, 34, of Beverly Grove, California, pleaded guilty to health
care fraud in connection with a scheme to defraud the Medicare Part D program
through a pharmacy called Emoonah Inc., dba Westaid Pharmacy and Medical Supply
(Westaid). According to admissions in the plea agreement, Javaherian was a
licensed pharmacist and owner of Westaid, which was located in Los Angeles. From
January 2008 to November 2014, Javaherian devised and executed a scheme to
defraud the Medicare Part D program by paying illegal cash kickbacks to Medicare
beneficiaries to induce them to submit their prescriptions to Westaid.
Javaherian then filled some of those prescriptions, but also submitted false and
fraudulent claims to Medicare Part D plan sponsors for prescriptions that he did
not actually fill.

From January 2008 to November 2014, Javaherian received approximately $644,060
in overpayments from Medicare as the result of the fraud scheme.

Sentencing is scheduled for June 1, 2015, before U.S. District Judge Stephen V.
Wilson of the Central District of California.

The case was investigated by the FBI, and was brought as part of the Medicare
Fraud Strike Force, supervised by the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and the
U.S. Attorney's Office for the Central District of California. The case is being
prosecuted by Trial Attorney Alexander F. Porter of the Criminal Division's
Fraud Section.

Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine cities across the country, has charged nearly 2,100 defendants
who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $6.5 billion. In
addition, the HHS Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, working in
conjunction with the HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase accountability and
decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Lancashire

                               November 15, 2004

Pupils to get lessons in football

LENGTH: 345 words


TOP European soccer coaches are being sent into three schools in Bolton to
encourage more children to mix homework with football.

Trainers from UEFA will be sent into the Smithills Withins and Mount St Joseph
Schools.

They will organise an hour's football coaching to youngsters who attend the
after-school clubs run by each school. The idea is that children who attend the
football coaching will also become heavily involved in the homework club which
takes place after the kickabout -- boosting their academic as well as sporting
skills.

The project is aimed at underperforming children who with the right stimulus
could do a lot better.

The scheme is being launched by Manchester Metropolitan University in a bid to
help children learn numeracy literacy computer skills as well as picking up some
football skills.

In total 27 professional clubs including Bolton Wanderers are helping more than
60 schools across the country.

The £544 000 scheme is one of only eight to receive special funding through
Aimhigher the government's campaign to encourage under represented groups to go
to university.

Rob Halsall head of the university's widening participation office who devised
the scheme said: "Homework clubs are an excellent idea but they are not always
attractive for youngsters.

"This is where football comes in. Football is a very powerful motivator and can
be a real force in inspiring children and encouraging participation.

"The demand for the scheme is huge and unfortunately we had to turn a great many
schools away. We are expecting to see after-school attendance figures rocket."

The local focus of the scheme in particular is proving popular with clubs.

Mr Halsall added: "We could have recruited twice as many clubs as this is
perfect for their agenda under the Football in the Community Scheme. We are very
pleased indeed with the interest."

Research at MMU and elsewhere has suggested there is a strong link between
participation in sport and PE and application and achievement in schools.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2004 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

California: Attorney General Kamala D. Harris Secures $15 Million in Relief for
Victims of Bernie Madoff Ponzi Scheme Feeder Fund

LENGTH: 535 words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: The State of California has issued the following news release:



   Attorney General Kamala D. Harris today announced a $15 million settlement
securing restitution for Californians who invested money with Beverly
Hills-based investment adviser Stanley Chais, money that he then funneled into
Bernard Madoff's notorious Ponzi scheme.





 Chais was responsible for one of the largest operations channeling money
directly to Bernard Madoff, violating California's consumer protection and
corporate securities laws.  He deceived his clients, many of whom were elderly,
into paying him substantial fees, claiming he was actively managing their money
while in actuality turning their investments over to Madoff.  As a result, many
lost their life savings when Madoff's fraudulent scheme was ultimately exposed
in late 2008.



 "For over 30 years, Stanley Chais unscrupulously defrauded Californians, many
of them elderly, by taking their life savings, charging steep fees, and
funneling their money to Bernie Madoff's elaborate Ponzi scheme," said Attorney
General Harris.  "This settlement will help recover the losses suffered by
victims who were cheated by Chais, many of whom lost everything."



 The settlement agreement, which was submitted today for approval in the United
States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York, resolves
litigation first filed by then Attorney General Edmund G. Brown Jr. against
Stanley Chais in Los Angeles Superior Court over seven years ago.



 Chais passed away in 2010 and all of his remaining assets, including his
estate, will also be forfeited as part of a separate agreement that will be
filed simultaneously by the court-appointed trustee for the liquidation of
Madoff's investment firm.



 Victims who are eligible for restitution will receive claim information at
their last known address following approval of the settlement.  In addition,
individuals who invested money with Stanley Chais and have questions about
whether they are eligible to receive restitution may also contact the
restitution administrator at 888-369-8915.



 Attorney General Harris has worked tirelessly to protect California consumers
and hold accountable those who prey on innocent victims for profit.



 In 2014, Attorney General Harris along Sonoma County District Attorney Jill
Ravitch announced that Aldo Joseph Baccala, who ran a predatory Ponzi scheme
that defrauded victims of more than $17 million, was sentenced to 20 years in
state prison and ordered to pay a fine of $6.4 million.



 In 2013, Attorney General Harris announced a 42-year prison sentence for James
Koenig, a Northern California man who ran a Ponzi scheme that defrauded more
than 400 investors, most of them elderly, out of more than $90 million.



 In 2011, Attorney General Harris oversaw the case that found William Arthur
Sassman II, the mastermind of a multi-million dollar Ponzi scheme, guilty of 13
felony counts of grand theft.  Sassman was sentenced to 18 years in prison for
stealing the life savings of dozens of investors to bankroll his lavish
lifestyle and finance his own investments.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                               May 9, 2003 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

17 Are Charged in Scheme To Steal Mortgage Money

BYLINE:  By ROBERT F. WORTH

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 677 words


On paper, the meetings that were arranged to conclude the sales of six homes in
Queens in 1999 and 2000 looked perfectly legitimate. There were lawyers, a real
estate broker, a title closer, a buyer and a seller.

But in fact, the meetings were an elaborate charade, staged with forged title
documents and stolen identity papers to trick mortgage companies into making
more than $1 million in home loans, prosecutors said yesterday. The actual
homeowners, unaware that their houses had seemingly been sold out from under
them, often found out only when they received foreclosure notices.

Seventeen people, including three lawyers, an unlicensed real estate broker and
a title closer, have been charged in the scheme, which left six homeowners in
Jamaica and Ozone Park struggling to retain their single-family houses and
forced one mortgage company to declare bankruptcy, said District Attorney
Richard A. Brown of Queens.

Prosecutors identified the five principal defendants as Denise Smith, 49, an
unlicensed real estate broker based in Queens who is accused of being the
ringleader of the scheme; Gail Cromer, 43, of Queens; Sonya Moody-Barksdale, 36,
of Greenwich, Conn.; Daniel Levine, 49, of Brooklyn; and Rasheed Olayinka, 45,
also of Brooklyn.

They were charged in seven separate indictments with grand larceny, conspiracy,
enterprise corruption, forgery and other crimes, and arraigned on Wednesday
before Justice James P. Griffin of State Supreme Court in Queens. They face up
to 25 years in prison if convicted.

Twelve other people were charged with smaller roles in the scheme, including
posing as buyers or sellers, a job for which they were paid $500 apiece,
prosecutors said. A law enforcement official said that three companies were also
indicted: the MQ Star Development Corporation, owned by Ms. Smith; Yinkas
Realty, owned by Mr. Olayinka; and the Eramic Corporation.

Prosecutors say the scheme worked this way: the ringleaders would choose a
house, then create false identification papers, including bank records, drivers'
licenses and deeds, so as to impersonate a buyer and seller. They would then
contact a mortgage company to set up a closing date. A fake buyer and seller
would appear at the meeting, where the only person not playing a role was the
bank representative, who would authorize a loan. Afterward, the players would
divide the bank's check, which ranged in the six closings from $148,000 to
$211,500, prosecutors said.

At some point afterward, the mortgage company would seek payment from the real
people whose identities had been used in the transaction, a law enforcement
official said. About a dozen people were victims in the scheme, the official
said. Their names were not released.

None of the homeowners lost their houses because of the scheme, another law
enforcement official said, but "they had identity theft issues, and were faced
with the nightmare of disentangling their credit history." However, the mortgage
company used in four of the six fraudulent sales, Equicredit Corporation of
Jacksonville, Fla., went bankrupt last year, prosecutors said. The other
mortgage company was the Interstate Resource Corporation of Newburgh, N.Y.

Officials said the investigation that led to the arrests began last year when
detectives working on a separate identity theft case discovered a briefcase
containing evidence that led them to the fake home sales.

John L. Kase, a lawyer for Ms. Moody-Barksdale, said she denied the charges. Ms.
Moody-Barksdale was arrested on Wednesday along with the four other principal
defendants, officials said. She was held overnight and planned to post a $70,000
bond, Mr. Kase said.

Harold Levy, a lawyer for Mr. Levine, said his client had been released on a
$100,000 bond. Lawyers for the other defendants could not be reached yesterday.

Nationally, identity theft schemes are becoming more sophisticated and more
brazen every year, said Linda Foley, the executive director of the Identity
Theft Resource Center in San Diego. One way to avoid them, she said, is better
authentication checks.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 2, 2015 Monday

Men Involved in Fraud Scheme are Sentenced

LENGTH: 511  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, District of Connecticut has issued the
following news release:







    Deirdre M. Daly, United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut,
announced that two men were sentenced today by U.S. District Judge Stefan R.
Underhill in Bridgeport for engaging in a fraud scheme.  ADAM MEYERS, 44, of
Southbury, was sentenced to 18 months of imprisonment, followed by three years
of supervised release, and DANIEL WALL, 59, of Bridgeport, was sentenced to
three years of probation, the first 12 months of which he must serve in home
confinement.



    According to court documents and statements made in court, between
approximately March 2008 and August 2012, MEYERS and Jason Torrance devised a
scheme to defraud their employers by arranging for payment on goods that never
shipped and instead diverting those payments to themselves.  Torrance worked out
of the New Haven branch of a New Jersey-based electrical and industrial supply
company (&ldquo;Distributor-1&rdquo;), and MEYERS was a project manager for a
New Britain-based electrical subcontractor (&ldquo;Contractor&rdquo;) that
frequently purchased supplies from Distributor-1.  WALL operated Bob Wall and
Associates, a Cheshire-based distributor of electrical and other related
equipment.

    As part of the scheme, MEYERS identified to Torrance projects on which he
believed the profit margin for Contractor would permit them to divert excess
profits to themselves without Contractor becoming aware.  MEYERS would submit a
purchase order for materials to Torrance.  Torrance then submitted a purchase
order to WALL for the goods listed on the purchase order sent by MEYERS.  WALL
then submitted an invoice to Distributor-1 for the materials listed on the
purchase order, and Distributor-1 paid the invoice by mailing a check to Bob
Wall and Associates.  Distributor-1 then invoiced Contractor for the goods that
were on the purchase order and Contractor issued a check to Distributor-1.  WALL
then hand-delivered a business check to Torrance for approximately 90 percent of
the money that had been paid by Distributor-1 to Bob Wall and Associates, and
WALL retained the remaining 10 percent as his share of the proceeds from the
scheme.  Torrance then paid out a portion of the proceeds of the scheme to
MEYERS.

    At no time did any product on the purchase orders actually ship to the
customer.

    The victim companies lost more than $600,000 as a result of this scheme.
Restitution will be determined after additional court proceedings.

    On February 23, 2015, MEYERS and Torrance each pleaded guilty to one count
of conspiracy to commit mail fraud.  On July 15, 2015, WALL pleaded guilty to
one count of misprision of a felony.  Torrance awaits sentencing.

    This matter has been investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and
is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys David E. Novick and William J.
Nardini.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Warrington Guardian

                           November 17, 2009 Tuesday

Council considers parking charges

SECTION: LATEST NEWS (WARR NEWS)

LENGTH: 261 words


RESIDENTS who currently get their parking for free could be asked to stump up
£60 a year under a new council scheme.

People living in resident only parking schemes near to Warrington Hospital, The
Halliwell Jones Stadium and the town centre could be charged every year for a
permit.

The plan, revealed at Monday's meeting of the executive board, will see new
schemes include a £60 annual charge.

But councillors have asked for more time to consider if people already living in
permit zones should be charged as well.

It is understood councillors are reluctant to go ahead with the scheme to charge
those residents who are currently parking for free.

The parking schemes were introduced because of nuisance motorists in the area.

Clr Alan Litton, executive member for transport, said: "We could not do new
schemes without charging.

"But the schemes we have already put in place was with the agreement there would
be no change.

"So it is difficult to go back to residents and say we are introducing charges."

The scheme would see residents paying £20 from next year, £40 the following and
£60 thereafter.

According to the report the fees would bring in £200,000 to the council coffers.

Clr Ian Marks, council leader, said: "This is the way we need to go and a lot of
towns and cities have gone this way already.

"There is an issue about retrospective because there is a moral and financial
aspect to it."

At the moment residents in Bury pay £20 a year, Wigan £15 a year Chester £60 a
year, and Sefton £20 a year. People living in Liverpool, Manchester and
Stockport are not charged.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            August 27 1987, Thursday

Stock Market: Life insurers hit by fears over penion plan delay

BYLINE: MICHAEL CLARK

SECTION: Issue 62858.

LENGTH: 973 words


The life insurance sector ran into a bout of nervous selling in late trading
yesterday after dealers learned that the Government had postponed the starting
date for its personal pension plan by at least six months.

It had originally chosen to rush the scheme through and start it in January,
allowing contributors to opt out of the compulsory government pension scheme and
elect to join the new personal plan. The aim of the scheme is to give
contributors much more choice. But delays by the various government departments
charged with the job of getting the scheme off the ground has meant it has had
to be postponed until July 1988.


This came as a bolt out of the blue to the life insurers who would be running
the scheme and expected to deriive substantial business from it.

Market-makers wasted little time in taking defensive action and marking prices
sharply lower. Falls were seen in Abbey Life, 14p to 279p; Legal & General, 8p
to 299p; London and Manchester, 5p to 311p; Pearl Group, 16p to 367p; while
Refuge Group lost an early lead to finish all-square at 538p.

Mr David Nisbet, insurance analyst at Wood Mackenzie, the broker, says it is bad
news for the insurers but unlikely to have an lasting effect.

'The six-month extension is not a disaster and will give the market time to
educate itself,' says Mr Nisbet.

'Next year's new business figures are unlikely to be as impressive as they might
have been but it is unlikely we will seen analysts alter their profit
estimates.'

The long-term benefits fo the new personal pension plans are likely to be
extremely profitable for the insurance companies as the profits emerge over the
life of the contract.

Meanwhile, the spectre of higher interest rates was looming large over the rest
of equity market as the pound came under renewed pressure on the foreign
exchange.

Prices gave up a form start prompted by another recorded performance overnight
on Wall Street and spent the rest of the day drifting on lack of support.
Turnover was at its lowest levels for some time, with the holiday season
continuing to take its toll of turnover. In the thin conditions, the FT index of
30 shares finished 10.3 lower at 1,758.2, although dealers were able to report
only minimal selling pressure.

The broader based FT-SE 100 lost an early 9.9 lead to finish a net 1.5 up at
2,249.6.

Government securities remained dull, displaying losses of Pounds 1/4.

Oil shares, however, responded positively to the news that the oil price was
showing signs of recovery in New York. BP led the way higher with a rise of 13p
to 362p, followed by Shell, 22p to Pounds 13.80; Britoil, 15p to 334p;
Enterprise Oil, 9p to 292p; and Lasmo, 12p to 342p.

On the USM, shares of Fletcher Dennys Systems, the IBM computer distributor,
were suspected at 76p awaiting details of a possible capital injection and
rights issue.

Mr Alan Sugar's love-hate relationship with City analysts may be part of the
reason why shares of Amstrad, his consumer electronics group, have
underperformed the market in recent months. There are signs, however, of a
revival with the price climbing 6p to 177p yesterday - for a two-day rise of 15p
- helped by a bullish circular from the company's own broker chase Manhattan
Securities this week.

Chase rates the shares a 'strong buy' and says they look cheap compared with the
rest of the sector. But the Amstrad share price has been a week market this
summer, falling from a peak of 225p in June after worries that its latest IBM
compatible personal computer, the PC1512, had failed to meet sales targets. The
analysts claimed the PC1512 had failed to attract the business users.

Amstrad is developing a more powerful range of computers which it hopes to
unveil next year. Chase believes the benefits of the group's investment in
satellite television may also start to come on stream earlier than expected.

The marekt has often doubted Amstrad's ability to compete in the highly
competitive computer market against the bigger companies. The group's record,
however, remains impressive although this is still not reflected in the share
price. Pretax profits in the past four years have grown from Pounds 4.7 million
to Pounds 75.28 million and figures in a few weeks are expected to reveal a
final figure of Pounds 140 million. The market is looking for Pounds 165 million
this year.

There were also whispers last night that the company could soon become the
target of a bid.

Tesco, the food retailer, was an active market in expectionally heavy trade as
more that 8 million shares changed hands. The price finished the day 1p lower at
181p, ahead of interim figures expected earlier than usual next month. The
market is looking for pretax profits to grow from Pounds 63 million to about
Pounds 80 million.

It appeared to be time to take some profits among the food manufacturers.
Unigate, which has been the subject of intense bid speculation in recent weeks,
fell 5p to 400p. Marketmen have been talking of a possible bid from Nestle, the
Swiss food group. Ranks Hovis McDougall lost 4p to 336p as bid speculation
faded. Moss Bros, the dress hire group, surged 105p to an all-time high of 948p
on reports that it was planning to sell the site of its Covent Garden
headquarters. The deal could be worth about Pounds 65 million to Moss Bros,
which this year received planning permission to redevelop the site.

It has been a bad week for IBM, the big US computer manufacturer, with the share
price running into further nervous selling in New York and falling another
Dollars 3 to Dollars 168 1/4 (Pounds 104) - for a two-day loss of Dollars 5. On
Tuesday, Kidder Peabody, the Wall Street broker, struck the shares off its 'buy
list' and the rival Salomon Brothers decided on the same course of action
yesterday.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1987 Times Newspapers Limited


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            January 22, 2016 Friday
                              FRI REGIONAL Edition

Morning Briefing

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 592 words


EX NBA PLAYER GETS NINE YEAR SENTENCE FOR PONZI SCHEME

TRENTON, N.J. Former NBA player and University of Connecticut star Tate George
was sentenced Thursday to nine years in prison for running a real estate Ponzi
scheme.

A federal judge in Trenton also ordered George to pay $2.5 million in
restitution and serve three years of supervised release.

George was convicted more than two years ago on four wire fraud counts. His
victims included current NBA player Charlie Villanueva, former player Brevin
Knight and "The Apprentice" winner Randal Pinkett. They lost several hundred
thousand dollars altogether, prosecutors said.

On the final day of a sentencing process that spanned several days beginning in
December, George argued for more than an hour and a half for leniency while
maintaining his innocence.

He didn't offer an apology, but instead continued to say he was a well
intentioned businessman whose real estate projects and investments unexpectedly
fell through.

Kobe receives most all star votes New York Kobe Bryant is the leading vote
getter for his final NBA All Star Game, and Kawhi Leonard and Kyle Lowry made
late moves to join him in the starting lineup.

Leonard will start in his first All Star Game and Lowry will start on his home
court in Toronto after both made up ground in the final days of voting on
Thursday.

Nobody was catching Bryant, who had 1.9 million votes and was selected an all
star for the 18th time.

MVP Stephen Curry of Golden State was next with 1.6 million and they will be
joined in the Western Conference lineup by Oklahoma City's Kevin Durant and
Russell Westbrook and Leonard.

Cleveland's LeBron James and Indiana's Paul George will start in the East
frontcourt with New York's Carmelo Anthony, who held off Chicago's Pau Gasol by
360 votes.

Miami's Dwyane Wade starts at guard with Lowry.

Mickelson strong in return La Quinta, Calif. Phil Mickelson returned from a long
layoff with a big mid round run. PGA West's TPC Stadium Course came back strong,
too, in the CareerBuilder Challenge.

The 45 year old Mickelson opened with a 4 under 68 at La Quinta Country Club in
his first start since the Presidents Cup in October, playing a seven hole
stretch in 6 under.

"I've had a lot of time off," Mickelson said. "It was fun to get back into the
swing of it. We had a beautiful day here. Weather's spectacular. Golf course was
great. I had a good solid round."

Lefty holed out for eagle on the par 4 eighth with a shot that spun back 15
feet, chipped in on the next hole for a front nine 31 and added another birdie
on 11. He three putted for par on the par 5 13th and made two late bogeys to
fall four strokes behind leaders Jason Dufner, Jerry Kelly, Jeff Overton and
Anirban Lahiri.

*Rory McIlroy began 2016 with a masterful display of driving to set up a 6 under
66 at the Abu Dhabi Championship, upstaging top ranked playing partner Jordan
Spieth in the first round on Thursday.

McIlroy was one stroke behind early leader Henrik Stenson (65) after rolling in
eight birdies in his first appearance after two months off, during which he
underwent laser eye surgery.

Sounders sign top college player Seattle The Seattle Sounders have signed
homegrown star Jordan Morris, convincing the top college player last season to
start his professional career in the U.S. rather than overseas.

Morris was the Hermann Trophy winner as the top college player in the country
after helping lead Stanford to its first national title. Morris skipped his
senior season with the Cardinal for a chance to turn pro. Denver Post staff and
wire services

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                           November 17, 2012 Saturday

US agencies smash'virtual offices' fraud scheme

SECTION: AMERICAS

LENGTH: 802 words


LOS ANGELES - US federal agencies announced Friday the smash of a scheme to use
"virtual offices" in over a dozen of cities to engage in mail fraud and money
laundering with over one thousand victims and a loss of millions of dollars.

The announcement of the latest action against mail fraud and money laundering
served as a warning as Americans started their Thanksgiving and Christmas
shopping season.

US Attorney Kenneth Magidson announced that eight people from Las Vegas and Los
Angeles had been arrested and charged with conspiracy, wire and mail fraud and
money laundering.

According to the indictment, the eight defendants used a number of different
named companies to conduct their telemarketing timeshare resale scheme targeting
timeshare owners throughout the United States and Canada.

The timeshare owners were allegedly solicited to pay advance fees in exchange
for The Jariv Companies providing willing buyers for their timeshare properties
or points, when in fact, the defendants did not have buyers for the timeshare
owners' interests and did not market or sell the property.

A timeshare is a property with a particular form of ownership or use rights.
These properties are typically resort condominium units, in which multiple
parties hold rights to use the property, and each sharer is allotted a period of
time (typically one week, and almost always the same time every year) in which
they may use the property.

Units may be on a partial ownership, lease, or "right to use" basis, in which
the sharer holds no claim to ownership of the property.

"The IRS is committed to investigating those individuals who engage in
corruption and money laundering," said Bernard Butler, assistant special agent
in Charge, Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation, in a statement.

"Working with our law enforcement partners IRS-CI is committed to unraveling
complex financial transactions and money laundering schemes. We will continue to
aggressively pursue those who victimize the elderly," Butler added.

According to court records, the Jariv companies were registered in various
states in the United States, including Texas, Nevada, California, Illinois and
Washington and conducted business at multiple addresses in Houston, Las Vegas,
Los Angeles, Chicago and Seattle.

The defendants allegedly used mailing addresses or "virtual office suites"in Las
Vegas, Houston, Chicago and Seattle for receiving monies from timeshare owners
via US Mail or commercial interstate carriers like Fed Ex, all the while
maintaining call center offices in Las Vegas, Houston, Chicago, and the greater
Los Angeles-area from which the defendants, using telephones and email,
contacted and communicated with timeshare owners, in an alleged scheme to
defraud the timeshare owners of money.

The defendants and their employees falsely represented that they had buyers for
the timeshare owners interests (either timeshare weeks or points) and solicited
fees, ranging from hundreds of dollars to several thousand dollars from each
timeshare owner, the indictment indicates.

The defendants allegedly falsely represented that the fees were fully refundable
at closing and were used to secure the owners' place in an acquisition involving
corporate buyers, as well as to pay for legal expenses such as title searches,
estoppel letters and closing costs.

The indictment alleges closings were not scheduled, purported sales did not
occur and no payments were made to timeshare owners for the sale of their
property, nor have there been payments by corporations (or other buyers) to the
Jariv companies for the purchase of timeshare properties.

The defendants and employees of the Jariv companies did not devote their
resources to marketing the timeshare owners'properties and simply pocketed the
advanced fees paid by the timeshare owners with a sizeable percentage of the
money used to pay telemarketers, according to the indictment.

The balance of advance fees was allegedly kept by defendants to be deposited
into bank accounts controlled by them and frequently transferred to personal
bank accounts or other unrelated corporate bank accounts.

According to the indictment, between Feb 1, 2011, and Jan 31, 2012, the
defendants would and did victimize approximately 1,000 victims living in Canada
and throughout the United States including the Southern District of Texas, and
deposited into eight bank accounts approximately 6,925,137.04 dollars in
fraudulently obtained timeshare owner funds.

Approximately $5,945,433.04 in victim funds were retained by, and subsequently
transferred into, other accounts controlled by the defendants.

The charges are the result of an investigation conducted by US Secret Service
and IRS-CI with assistance by the FBI - Las Vegas field office and the San
Francisco office of the Environmental Protection Agency.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                           February 2, 2011 Wednesday
                                 FINAL Edition

Defensive scheme doesn't seem to faze Eagles' coordinator candidates

BYLINE: By LES BOWEN; bowenl@phillynews.com

SECTION: SPORTS; P-com Biggie Sports; Pg. 76

LENGTH: 1413 words


DALLAS - The Steelers and Packers assistants who could end up interviewing to be
the Eagles' next defensive coordinator are different in a lot of ways, but there
are two things they all share.

One is a strong connection with the Dick LeBeau-authored, 3-4 front, fire-zone
blitz scheme that the 73-year-old Pittsburgh defensive coordinator started
working on in Cincinnati in the 1980s and perfected with the Steelers in the
'90s. This is interesting, because sources close to the situation keep telling
us the Eagles aren't interested in switching from a 4-3 to a 3-4 right now,
especially with spring workouts and possibly training camp likely to be
disrupted by labor turmoil.

But that brings up the other thing all those prospective candidates have in
common - they don't think the scheme difference is a big deal. All said they
were perfectly capable of running a 4-3 front; several noted that most teams
incorporate both 3-4 and 4-3 elements. If the Eagles hire a 3-4 guy, it seems
likely that at some point, they will need to shift their personnel thinking,
particularly when it comes to acquiring a nose tackle. But, as a couple of the
coaches noted yesterday, coaches generally fit their schemes to their personnel,
if they're smart. The Eagles wouldn't have to change everything, overnight.

"Your defense is always going to show the flavor of where your playmakers are,"
Green Bay defensive coordinator Dom Capers said yesterday. Capers is very happy
with the Packers and won't be coming to Philadelphia, but odds are that someone
who has worked under him will be - in addition to the Green Bay assistants,
Capers has been a big influence on Jon Hoke, the Bears' secondary coach who
interviewed with the Birds on Monday. Hoke coached defensive backs for the
Houston Texans when Capers was head coach there, from 2002-06.

Capers likes Hoke, by the way. (Of course, he probably also likes the fact that
if the Eagles were to hire Hoke, they wouldn't be raiding his current staff.)

"I like Jon a lot. I think he's got a really good presence. He's smart. The
players respect Jon, and I think he's a good teacher. I think he did a good job
with the Chicago secondary this year," Capers said.

People who know Hoke say he is a little harsh, an exacting coach, much like new
Eagles defensive line coach Jim Washburn. Capers didn't pretend he didn't know
what a reporter was talking about, when he was asked about that.

"He'll challenge them, but I think they respect that," Capers said.

Hoke wasn't at media day, obviously, but Capers' two defensive secondary
assistants, Darren Perry (safeties) and Joe Whitt Jr. (corners) were, along with
the Pack's linebackers coaches, Winston Moss and Kevin Greene, and the most
eligible Steelers bachelors, er, coaches, linebackers coach Keith Butler and
secondary coach Ray Horton. Green Bay defensive line coach Mike Trgovac, the
former Carolina coordinator, might be the most qualified for the Eagles'
opening, but Trgovac has said he will not leave Green Bay for at least another
year, until his daughter graduates high school.

Perry, asked about the fact he has played and coached in 3-4 settings the past 2
decades, replied: "I think sometimes that's a big misconception with people.
Look at us - while we're listed as a 3-4, we probably play just as much 4-3 as
we do 3-4. You can look at Pittsburgh and say the same thing. It's just how you
coordinate your front guys. It gives you a starting point, and you try to use
your personnel to get the most out of them.

"There's no question that the 3-4, with the flexibility, the variety of blitzes
you can use, the various combinations, it's a huge advantage."

Perry, a former Steelers player and coach, and Butler have close ties with
Cardinals head coach Ken Whisenhunt, the former Steelers offensive coordinator.
Butler has been mentioned quite a bit in Arizona speculation. The Milwaukee
Journal-Sentinel reported that the Eagles are expected to seek permission to
talk with Perry after the Super Bowl, and the team hasn't denied that.

"I really don't know, to be honest with you," Perry said when asked whether he
expects to be contacted by the Eagles. "I haven't given it a lot of thought
right now."

Whitt likewise said he would "worry about that next week, when it happens." But
like Perry, 42, Whitt, 32, wants to run his own unit. Whitt is in only his
second season as a position coach and his fourth in the NFL, though, so odds are
against him getting that chance this year.

Whitt said that until Capers came to Green Bay 2 years ago and switched to the
3-4, he had always worked in 4-3 defenses.

"The front is independent. It really doesn't matter. The coverages that you run
- you do what your personnel allows you to do . . . we're more of a '40' front
right now, 'cause we run so much nickel . . . It's just how you deploy 'em. It
really doesn't matter," Whitt said.

Jarrett Bush plays cornerback and safety for Green Bay, so he knows both Perry
and Whitt pretty well.

"Joe Whitt's a great guy. He's always going to tell you the truth, whether you
like it or don't like it," Bush said. "He knows how to cover up routes." Bush
noted that Whitt was a wide receiver at Auburn and began his college coaching
career on offense, which he thought gave Whitt an added perspective on defense.

"Darren Perry played 9 years himself, he played with Pittsburgh [7 years], so he
understands the defense. He understands as a player a little bit more," Bush
said. He said Perry has more responsibility to go with his longer coaching
experience, running nickel and the dime packages in addition to the safeties.

Greene, like Whitt, is very early in his pro coaching career, after playing 15
years. He clearly didn't see himself moving up from position coach just yet,
when asked about it yesterday.

Moss, though, has 13 years of NFL coaching to supplement his 11 years as an NFL
linebacker. It might be tough to get permission to talk to him, since he also
carries the title of assistant head coach. Also, it's worth noting that so far,
the Eagles have spoken only with secondary coaches.

"There are only rumors working right now," Moss, 45, said, when asked about
moving up. "But I got into this, coaching, to coordinate. I had a passion about
calling plays. I can bring out the best in players. I can bring out the best in
a group of men. With that being said, I would look forward to the challenge. Not
only to be a coordinator, but to be a successful coordinator, a championship
coordinator."

Moss got his start as a defensive quality control assistant in Seattle in 1998,
when late Eagles defensive coordinator Jim Johnson coached there.

"He allowed me to coach in the meeting rooms, he allowed me to take drills over,
from that very first year," Moss recalled.

Moss was the only coach interviewed yesterday who talked explicitly about the
Eagles.

"It would be fun to work with that group. They play extremely hard. They play on
a fanatical level. They have some playmakers. That would be a fantastic
opportunity," he said.

The Steelers' Horton has a similar background - 10 years as an NFL player
followed by 16 years coaching in the league. He won a Super Bowl as a cornerback
with the Cowboys (XXVII).

"I'm a football coach, is what I am," Horton said, when asked about the 4-3/3-4
matter. He noted that such things as pass coverages aren't affected by the
front. "I grew up right here in this city playing a 4-3 [for the Cowboys]."

Horton makes no bones about hoping somebody calls when the game is over.

Steelers corner Bryant McFadden said Horton is "a players' coach."

"He played the game, he knows the game," McFadden said. "He'll tell us, 'I don't
expect you to cover every route. They're going to catch passes on you. They
caught passes on me. I know you're not perfect . . . Just play football.'

"That's something we appreciate, you know? . . . He's a coach that doesn't yell,
doesn't scream, and treats you like a grown man."

Butler is closely linked with the Steelers; it has been widely rumored his
contract guarantees he will succeed LeBeau when LeBeau retires, something that
could happen after this game. Butler denied that yesterday.

"I've watched [Eagles coach Andy Reid] over the years, kind of admired how he
has handled his coaching staff," said Butler, 54. "He's always had good coaches
around him. But I don't know anybody there." *

For more Eagles coverage and opinion, read the Daily News' Eagles blog,
Eagletarian, at www.eagletarian.com.

Follow him on Twitter at

http://twitter.com/LesBowen.


LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                           September 9, 2005, Friday

US restricts night driving and giving lifts to friends

BYLINE: Ben Webster

SECTION: Home news; 6

LENGTH: 337 words


YOUNG drivers in America are not given complete freedom of the roads as soon as
they gain their licences (Ben Webster writes).

Most states have a graduated licensing scheme under which the newly qualified go
through several stages before gaining an unrestricted licence. Typically,
teenage drivers are prohibited from driving between 10pm and 5am unless
accompanied by a qualified adult aged over 21. The number of passengers is also
restricted, though this varies widely from state to state.

California bans drivers from carrying any passengers under the age of 20 in the
first six months after they qualify unless accompanied by a licensed driver over
25.

In Delaware, young drivers can carry a maximum of two passengers and in Georgia
no more than three.

Graduated schemes have resulted in a sharp drop in crashes among teenagers, down
26 per cent in North Carolina, 31 per cent in Michigan and 32 per cent in
Kentucky.

Many US states also differ from Britain in requiring a minimum number of hours
of tuition and compulsory night-time driving practice.

In Britain, newly qualified drivers can get a discount on their insurance by
volunteering for the Pass Plus scheme. This gives them supervised practice
driving in all weathers, on rural roads, at night, on dual carriageways and on
motorways.

Since 1997 new drivers have also faced being returned to learner status if they
gain six penalty points within two years of qualifying.

The Government hopes initiatives by insurance firms will address the problem
without the need for legislation.

Norwich Union has recruited several hundred young drivers to a pay-as-you drive
scheme. Drivers pay different rates according to when and where they travel.

During the day, each mile costs 6p with the first 100 miles free. After 11pm,
the rate is £1 per mile.

In the Republic of Ireland, more than 2,000 male drivers aged 17-25 have joined
a speed-monitoring insurance scheme. The scheme should be tested in Britain next
year.


LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2005 Times Newspapers Limited


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Evening Herald (Plymouth)

                               September 23, 2003

BIDS link with city in the US

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 441 words


Plymouth is to link up with an American city to gain advice on setting up a
Business Improvement District Scheme (BIDS).  Plymouth City Council's acting
director of development Nigel Pitt has been on a fact-finding mission to America
to look at how US cities have fared with the initiative.

After visiting five cities, Richmond, Virginia, was chosen as an ideal 'mentor'
for Plymouth.

The city is on the east coast of America, with an industrial background and an
emerging tourism economy.

Mr Pitt visited Washington, Baltimore, Richmond, Philadelphia and Tampa, and
decided to link with Richmond because of it's similarities to Plymouth.

Mr Pitt said: "Richmond has a similar sized population to Plymouth, it's a
historic city, it's a waterfront city, although it's waterfront comes from the
river not the sea. It's not a place I knew before I went and I just got the
impression that it was the kind of city where people did things for themselves
because no one was going to do it for them." Plymouth has been selected as one
of 23 UK cities to pilot BIDS, which could eventually see businesses paying
extra local taxes in return for revenue-generating improvements such as better
marketing, cleansing and security.

Plymouth has moved quickly on the scheme and is one of the pilot's forerunners.

Survey forms which were sent out to 600 city centre businesses as well as
councillors and business leaders are due to be returned this week.

This will give pilot bosses crucial information about the level of support for
BIDS, as well as an idea of what retailers' priorities are.

In November a conference will be held, and this will be used to draw up a draft
business plan for the scheme, which will be ready in January.

The final vote on whether or not to set up the BIDS will be taken in September
2004.

The scheme took a step forward last week when the Local Government Act became
law, as it paves the way for the BIDS to be introduced around the country.

Expertise gained during Plymouth's pilot is also being used to draw up the
regulations and guidance for the new Act, to decide how the law should be
interpreted and applied.

Mr Draffan said: "Plymouth is helping the Government draw up the guidance for
the act. We're working very closely on it.

"The new legislation is in place and it's a huge milestone for the UK. It's
something which has taken 10 years of lobbying to get to this point, and in that
time there have been many points when we doubted we would get this far." The
exact area the BID scheme will cover has yet to be decided, but the scheme has
been winning support from retailers throughout the city centre.


LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 2003 Evening Herald (Plymouth)


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            January 12, 2009 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

TOSS BERNIE IN JAIL AND LET HIM ROT, PONZI VICS SAY

BYLINE: BY ERICA PEARSON DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 324 words


LOCK HIM UP - and throw away the key!

For Bernie Madoff's Ponzi scheme victims, what to do with him is a no-brainer.

A federal judge is set today to decide whether to revoke Madoff's bail and put
him in jail, as prosecutors have urged.

His victims say it's outrageous that he has been allowed to serve house arrest
in his cushy East Side pad.

"Why should he be living in a penthouse after he's done what he's done?" asked
Burt Ross, 64, a former mayor of Fort Lee, N.J., who lost about $5 million.

"If he goes to jail, I certainly will not lose any sleep over it," he said. "It
is hard for me to feel compassionate for the guy. I hope he lives an extremely
long life, and that he spends all of it in a federal penitentiary."

Madoff's bail should be revoked, no question about it, said retired carpet
salesman Arnold Sinkin, 77, who lost 85% of his life savings when the elaborate
Ponzi scheme collapsed.

"I think the man ruined a gajillion lives, and he deserves to be in jail," said
a Westchester woman whose family lost millions.

Prosecutors say Madoff, who posted $10 million bail after his Dec. 11 arrest,
should be jailed without bail after mailing diamond watches and other pricey
baubles to friends and family.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Marc Litt said Madoff broke a court order freezing his
assets and is also a flight risk, so he must be locked up. Defense lawyers said
Madoff, 70, has no plans to disappear.

Magistrate Judge Ronald Ellis in Manhattan Federal Court is expected to make a
decision by noon today. "He certainly has the wherewithal to be a flight risk,"
said Ross. "I think that when you have somebody who is clearly an evil genius,
you can't believe anything he says."

Sinkin, a Brooklynite who retired with his wife to Boynton Beach, Fla., said he
was astonished Madoff tried to pull the jewelry stunt in the first place.

"For a man that pulled the wool over the eyes of 8,000 investors, that was a
pretty stupid thing to do," he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Daily News, L.P.


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            January 12, 2009 Monday
                                 METRO EDITION

TOSS BERNIE IN JAIL & LET HIM ROT, PONZI VICTIMS SAY

BYLINE: BY ERICA PEARSON DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 335 words


LOCK HIM UP - and throw away the key!

For Bernie Madoff's Ponzi scheme victims, what to do with him is a no-brainer.

A federal judge is set today to decide whether to revoke Madoff's bail and put
him in jail, as prosecutors have urged.

His victims say it's outrageous that he has been allowed to serve house arrest
in his cushy East Side pad.

"Why should he be living in a penthouse after he's done what he's done?" asked
Burt Ross, 64, a former mayor of Fort Lee, N.J., who lost about $5 million.

"If he goes to jail, I certainly will not lose any sleep over it," he said. "It
is hard for me to feel compassionate for the guy. I hope he lives an extremely
long life, and that he spends all of it in a federal penitentiary."

Madoff's bail should be revoked, no question about it, said retired carpet
salesman Arnold Sinkin, 77, who lost 85% of his life savings when the elaborate
Ponzi scheme collapsed.

"I think the man ruined a gajillion lives, and he deserves to be in jail," said
a Westchester woman whose family lost millions. "He's a crook."

Prosecutors say Madoff, who posted $10 million bail after his Dec. 11 arrest,
should be jailed without bail after mailing diamond watches and other pricey
baubles to friends and family.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Marc Litt said Madoff broke a court order freezing his
assets and is also a flight risk, so he must be locked up. Defense lawyers said
Madoff, 70, has no plans to disappear.

Magistrate Judge Ronald Ellis in Manhattan Federal Court is expected to make a
decision by noon today.

"He certainly has the wherewithal to be a flight risk," said Ross. "I think that
when you have somebody who is clearly an evil genius, you can't believe anything
he says."

Sinkin, a Brooklynite who retired with his wife to Boynton Beach, Fla., said he
was astonished Madoff tried to pull the jewelry stunt in the first place.

"I think it was ridiculous!" he said. "For a man that pulled the wool over the
eyes of 8,000 investors, that was a pretty stupid thing to do."
epearson@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Daily News, L.P.


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 23, 2015 Monday

Arizona: United States Sues to Block San Diego Man Posing as Attorney and CPA
from Promoting Bogus Tax Schemes and Preparing Fraudulent Returns

LENGTH: 786  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

The United States has sued a former attorney and certified public accountant to
bar him from promoting and implementing tax fraud schemes and preparing tax
returns for others, the Justice Department announced today.

The lawsuit, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of
California, alleges that Lawrence Preston Siegel, aka Larry Lave, Yehuda Lave
and Larry Easy, falsely represented that he is a licensed attorney and CPA in
order to solicit business for his tax practice.

According to the civil injunction suit, Siegel pleaded guilty to one count of
tax evasion and two counts of subscribing false tax returns in 1994.  He
subsequently resigned from the California bar in 1994, lost his CPA license in
1997, and never regained either accreditation, according to the suit.  The
complaint alleges that following his release from federal prison in 2001 for
additional convictions, Siegel established a tax practice and stated online that
he is an "[i]interesting combination of a Tax Lawyer and CPA who is also a Rabbi
trained in Spirituality."  Siegel, the complaint alleges, claimed to others that
his "goal as a spiritual Rabbi, Tax Attorney and CPA is to save people money
without going to jail ... Everybody wants to pay very little tax, I do it
legally and morally under the Torah."

According to the complaint, among his tax fraud schemes, Siegel falsely advised
his customers, typically high earners who own profitable businesses, that they
can establish companies in Nevada and treat their California home as an
out-of-state corporate office.  Siegel falsely claimed that doing so would
transform a vast array of non-deductible personal expenses into tax deductible
business expenses, according to the suit.  According to the complaint, Siegel
boasted about this tax fraud scheme in e-mails, including one where he falsely
claimed that his customers are entitled to free housing as tax-free compensation
from their out-of-state companies and that "[t]he housing can [b]e luxurious and
cost thousands a [] month" because "[t]here is an assumption that corporations
don't waste money."

In another scheme, Siegel falsely advises his customers to enter into sham
license agreements to purportedly lease their professional skills and expertise
to the out-of-state companies Siegel established for them, according to the
suit.  Under these license agreements, the companies paid royalties to the
customers in exchange for use of the customers' professional skills and
expertise, according to the complaint.  Siegel allegedly promoted and
implemented this scheme to mischaracterize income customers received from their
out-of-state companies, which is subject to employment taxes, as royalty
payments, which Siegel falsely claimed as exempt from employment taxes.

The complaint alleges that, in conjunction with his tax fraud schemes, Siegel
prepared customer tax returns, and in some instances, filed tax returns without
obtaining his customers' permission to file.  In preparing returns, Siegel
falsely claimed customers' personal purchases as deductible business expenses,
including purchases at Tiffany & Company and Louis Vuitton, and with Royal
Caribbean Cruise Lines and Princess Cruise Lines, according to the suit.  Siegel
attempted to conceal these false deductions from the Internal Revenue Service
(IRS) by reporting them as large expenses for "supplies" or "medical records and
supplies," according to the government's complaint.

According to the complaint, Siegel also attempted to delay and obstruct IRS
examinations of his customers.  Siegel allegedly provided false corporate
documents to the IRS in order to deceive auditors, produced bogus contracts to
IRS auditors, and lied to IRS officials during U.S. Tax Court litigation when
asked to confirm information on behalf of his customers, according to the suit.

Return preparer fraud is one of the IRS' Dirty Dozen Tax Scams for 2015.  The
IRS has some tips on their website for choosing a tax preparer, and has launched
a free directory of federal tax preparers.  In the past decade, the Tax Division
has obtained injunctions against hundreds of unscrupulous tax preparers and tax
scheme promoters.  Information about these cases is available on the Justice
Department's website.  An alphabetical listing of persons enjoined from
preparing returns and promoting tax schemes can be found on this page.  If you
believe that one of the enjoined persons or businesses may be violating an
injunction, please contact the Tax Division with details
Email links icon
.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                            March 16, 2000, Thursday

BUSINESS PROPERTY REVIEW: LEISURE SCHEME SOLD FOR POUNDS 48M

SECTION: Pg. 41

LENGTH: 316 words


Five Ways, which is to be sold to a London-based investment fund.

Richardson Developments, setting the pace as one of the country's leading
leisure scheme developers with more than 1.2 million sq ft of space currently
under construction, have agreed to sell their Five Ways Leisure project in
Birmingham city centre.

The scheme is to be snapped up by London-based investment fund Marylebone
Warwick Balfour plc following its successful acquisition of Richardson's pounds
90 million Star City, now nearing completion on the site of the former Nechells
power station.

Five Ways, which is to be sold for about pounds 48 million, is located on Broad
Street at the heart of Birmingham's entertainments quarter and the first phase
of the scheme is scheduled to open this summer.

The 200,000 sq ft scheme will incorporate a Virgin Cinemas multiplex and Tiger
Tiger operation, while Grosvenor Casinos, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the giant
Rank Group, will open an 18,000 sq ft pounds 2.8 million casino in the second
phase.

Also coming on stream at Five Ways are Henry J Beans, Nando's, Waxy O'Connors,
Riki Tika Tavi and Bitz & Pizza.

The casino plan was agreed after Rank successfully applied to magistrates to
transfer a licence held by the group for its Gas Street site.

'This will be a state of the art venue with extensive restaurant and bar
facilities,' said a Rank spokesman.

Meanwhile, the 395,000 sq ft Star City complex-anchored by a 30-screen Warner
Villages cinema - is also preparing for an official opening this summer as
construction workers continue to transform a former derelict site into one of
the biggest leisure projects in Europe.

Richardsons, who have other major schemes in Manchester and Croydon, are
developing the Five Ways scheme in association with Halesowen-based Cordwell
Properties, while Carillion is its partner in Star City.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2000 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                            January 17, 2014 Friday

BP battling compo rorts as courts give US firms easy ride

SECTION: FEATURES; NATIONAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 959 words


BP is being fleeced in the US courts - and it's not the only foreign company
that is getting a raw deal, says Ian King.

--------------------

T hey could be a directory of small businesses anywhere in the developed world:
A farm, a restaurant, a car dealership, a house builder and a computer equipment
company.

What they have in common is that they have gorged on the once-in-a- lifetime
bonanza available to small businesses across several southern American states to
enrich themselves from the scheme set up by BP to compensate those hit by the
Gulf of Mexico oil spill in 2010.

The scheme allows for money to be paid to businesses if they can prove they have
suffered a loss related to the spill - usually by presenting financial accounts
for years before or after the spill that point to a drop in profits or a rise in
losses in 2010. Unfortunately for BP and its shareholders, which, thanks to the
ubiquity of BP in UK pension schemes, is most Britons, the scheme has
degenerated into a free- for-all.

The farm, for example, is in northern Mississippi, some 440km away from the Gulf
coast. In 2009 or 2010, it did not actually take part in any farming operations.
That did not stop the court-appointed claims administrator from handing it
US$116,000.

The restaurant was 300km from the Gulf coast. Its owner had closed it in January
2010, three months before the spill, before re-opening it in 2011.

The claims administrator still gave it more than $252,000.

The car dealership, in Louisiana, specialised in Pontiac cars and became
loss-making when General Motors decided to stop making Pontiacs.

It was handed almost $1.6 million. The building company actually admitted in its
claim that its profits had been falling for several years because of the
collapse of the US housing market after the financial crisis.

It still received more than $720,000. The computer equipment company, in
Florida, saw its profits plunge when, two months before the spill, one of its
largest clients was sold and orders dried up. It was awarded more than $278,000.

You get the idea. There are literally hundreds of examples like these in court
documents filed by BP as it fights to claw back hundreds of millions of dollars
paid out as a result of fictitious compensation claims. The upshot is that the
compensation payouts are spiralling out of control and above the $7.8 billion
that BP set aside to meet them.

Despite its best efforts, BP is getting scant sympathy from America's courts. In
a ruling last week, which has received relatively little attention in the UK,
the appeals court in New Orleans ruled that the settlement reached by BP in
2012, hours before a trial over the disaster was due to start at the New Orleans
district court, should stand - even if it meant that people and businesses who
have suffered no loss due to the spill will benefit.

Recall how President Obama deliberately referred to "British Petroleum" - a name
that BP has not used for more than 15 years - in the aftermath of the spill and
you do not have to be paranoid to think that the company is being unfairly
treated by a US legal system that is regarded with bemusement by the rest of the
world. It is unthinkable that an American company, such as Exxon or Chevron,
would be treated in the same way by the US courts.

But it is not just the US legal system that applies double standards to American
businesses and foreign ones. Its regulators are just as bad. While European
banks such as RBS, Barclays, Deutsche Bank, Rabobank of the Netherlands and UBS
have all incurred crunching multimillion-dollar penalties in settling cases of
alleged Libor-rigging with the US Justice Department, no American bank has yet
settled with the US authorities, even though JP Morgan Chase and Citigroup have
settled with the European Commission for similar offences.

Suspicions that the Americans are using double standards in these circumstances
are raised in the case of Tom Hayes.

A former trader with both UBS and Citigroup, hayes is to face trial in London
for conspiracy to defraud. The charges, which he denies, cover a period during
which he worked for both banks, and court documents mention by name other banks
allegedly involved in the conspiracy, including JP Morgan Chase. By contrast,
the criminal charges levelled against Hayes by the US authorities cover only the
period during which he worked for UBS, which is also the only bank mentioned by
name in the charges.

Nor was Hayes' employment by Citigroup even referred to in the press release
published by the US Justice Department.

The motivation for the American authorities is clear. During the run- up to the
financial crisis, during the boom years of the mid-2000s, New York was in danger
of being eclipsed by London as the world's premier financial centre to such an
extent that, in 2007, its Democrat Senator, Chuck Schumer, and the Republican
Treasury Secretary, Hank Paulson, urged "light touch" regulation along similar
lines to London. It now suits Wall Street to portray London as the Wild West,
even though American banks committed just as many transgressions as European
ones.

Research first reported on Bloomberg last year by Brandon Garrett, a law
professor at the University of Virginia, confirms the suspicion that US
companies receive an easier ride than foreign ones from their country's courts
and regulators. He found in more than 2250 corporate convictions and criminal
settlements from 2001 to 2012, American firms were fined only $4.7 million on
average when foreign firms were fined an average of $35 million.

Americans cry foul when their companies are shut out of overseas markets or are
perceived to be the victim of unfair treatment overseas. But their own country's
treatment of foreign companies leaves much to be desired.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           November 7, 2015 Saturday

East Haddam Man Involved in Fraud Scheme Sentenced to 20 Months in Federal
Prison

LENGTH: 478  words


Deirdre M. Daly, United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut,
announced that JASON TORRANCE, 44, of East Haddam, was sentenced today by U.S.
District Judge Stefan R. Underhill in Bridgeport to 20 months of imprisonment,
followed by three years of supervised release, for engaging in a fraud scheme.

According to court documents and statements made in court, between approximately
March 2008 and August 2012, TORRANCE and Adam Meyers devised a scheme to defraud
their employers by arranging for payment on goods that never shipped and instead
diverting those payments to themselves. TORRANCE worked out of the New Haven
branch of a New Jersey-based electrical and industrial supply company
(Distributor-1), and Meyers was a project manager for a New Britain-based
electrical subcontractor (Contractor) that frequently purchased supplies from
Distributor-1. In addition, Daniel Wall operated Bob Wall and Associates, a
Cheshire-based distributor of electrical and other related equipment.

As part of the scheme, Meyers identified to TORRANCE projects on which he
believed the profit margin for Contractor would permit them to divert excess
profits to themselves without Contractor becoming aware. Meyers would submit a
purchase order for materials to TORRANCE. TORRANCE then submitted a purchase
order to Wall for the goods listed on the purchase order sent by Meyers. Wall
then submitted an invoice to Distributor-1 for the materials listed on the
purchase order, and Distributor-1 paid the invoice by mailing a check to Bob
Wall and Associates. Distributor-1 then invoiced Contractor for the goods that
were on the purchase order and Contractor issued a check to Distributor-1. Wall
then hand-delivered a business check to TORRANCE for approximately 90 percent of
the money that had been paid by Distributor-1 to Bob Wall and Associates, and
Wall retained the remaining 10 percent as his share of the proceeds from the
scheme. TORRANCE then paid out a portion of the proceeds of the scheme to
Meyers.

At no time did any product on the purchase orders actually ship to the customer.

he victim companies lost more than $600,000 as a result of this scheme.

On February 23, 2015, TORRANCE and Meyers each pleaded guilty to one count of
conspiracy to commit mail fraud. On July 15, 2015, Wall pleaded guilty to one
count of misprision of a felony. On October 30, 2015, Meyers, 44, of Southbury,
was sentenced to 18 months of imprisonment, followed by three years of
supervised release, and Wall, 59, of Bridgeport, was sentenced to three years of
probation, the first 12 months of which he must serve in home confinement.
Restitution will be determined after additional court proceedings.

This matter was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and was
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys David E. Novick and William J. Nardini.
2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 18, 2015 Wednesday

Three Charged in Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 388  words

DATELINE: Austin


United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Texas has issued
the following press release:

Stefano Guido Vitale, 39, Alan Leschyshyn, 51, and Bree Ann Davis, 38, have been
arrested following the return of a federal indictment alleging a conspiracy to
commit wire fraud and a conspiracy to commit money laundering, announced U.S.
Attorney Kenneth Magidson.

The indictment alleges the scheme produced approximately $2.5 million in
fraudulently obtained proceeds which the defendants agreed to launder through
various bank accounts. The defendants are accused of using and establishing
various business entities during their scheme to sell, at a discount,
nonexistent commercial accounts receivable.

They allegedly approached factoring companies as sellers of customized gaming
vault bundles and presented fabricated invoices as evidence the defendants were
owed a certain amount of money for goods provided to another one of their
business entities.  To establish creditworthiness of these companies and to
convince the factoring company the credit risk was minimal, documents were
fabricated and/or altered and provided to the factoring company by the
defendants, according to the charges.

"Engaging in financial transactions comprised of criminally derived funds in
order to conceal the true nature and source of the proceeds is money
laundering," said Lucy Cruz, special agent in charge of Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI). "We will continue to work with our
federal law enforcement partners to investigate those who engage in fraudulent
conduct."

Vitale and Leschyshyn, of Scottsdale and Cave Creek, Ariz., respectively, will
make their initial appearances in Phoenix, while Davis, of Lakewood, Colo., will
appear before a U.S. magistrate judge in Denver. They are expected to make
appearances in Houston in the near future.

If convicted, they each face up to 20 years in federal prison on each charge.

The criminal investigation was conducted by IRS-CI and the FBI. Assistant U.S.
Attorney Melissa Annis is prosecuting the case.

An indictment is a formal accusation of criminal conduct, not evidence.
A defendant is presumed innocent unless convicted through due process of law.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday

Federal authorities target Fontana attorney for alleged tax shelter scheme

BYLINE: Will Bigham, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 316 words


FONTANA -- An attorney from Fontana is among three people who have been sued by
the Department of Justice for allegedly using an illegal tax shelter to minimize
taxes paid by their corporate clients, causing the federal government to lose
more than $40 million in revenue.

Charles Klink and his two alleged co-conspirators devised an intricate scheme
which allowed their customers - owners of corporations - to sell large assets
without paying taxes, according to a news release issued Wednesday by the
Department of Justice.

The two other people named in the lawsuit, which was filed in federal court in
Camden, N.J., are Caleb Grodsky, a Los Angeles attorney, and Steven Block, a
Louisville, Ky. financial professional.

To help their clients avoid paying taxes, the men allegedly used a series of
trusts and corporations to act as intermediaries between their clients and
buyers of the clients' corporate assets.

Corporate assets sold through the scheme included $205 million office building
in Washington, D.C., a $3.5 million vineyard in St. Helena, Calif., and a $22.2
million office campus in Laguna Hills, according to the news release.

"Stopping the marketing and use of abusive tax shelters remains one of our top
priorities for 2011," John A. DiCicco, acting assistant attorney general of the
Justice Department's Tax Division, said in the news release.

"White-collar professionals who promote these schemes face the prospect of
significant legal sanctions," he continued. "The IRS and Justice Department are
working diligently to ensure that people who buy into these sophisticated tax
dodges ultimately have to pay the taxes they owe, along with interest and
appropriate penalties."

Klink is a graduate of Pomona College in Claremont and he attended law school at
UCLA. He was admitted to the state bar in 1997, according to state bar's
website.

will.bigham@inlandnewspapers.com
909-483-8553

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                             July 12, 2002, Friday

Beach warrant issued for man charged in fraud scheme

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 1B, 4B

LENGTH: 360 words


A warrant was issued this week against a man charged several years ago with
running an illegal pyramid scheme in Wilmington.

Charges of selling unregistered securities were first levied against Andre
Brady, chairman and founder of Wealth International Network, in 1995. His case
here was on hold while federal authorities and officials in other states
prosecuted him.

Mr. Brady was called and failed to appear in New Hanover County Superior Court
this week and a bench warrant was issued for his arrest. His whereabouts are
unknown, although the possibility exists that he is in state prison somewhere.

The Securities and Exchange Commission and at least six states - Tennessee,
Iowa, Hawaii, Georgia, North Carolina and Arizona - took some type of regulatory
action, such as temporary restraining orders or cease-and-desist orders, against
the company and Mr. Brady in 1995.

Wealth International Network was an Atlanta-based company accused of defrauding
investors, including some in Wilmington, of $ 8.5 million through a pyramid
scheme.

WIN, which began in 1993, collected $ 72 annual dues from members, paid them
commissions for recruiting new members, promised returns of 10 percent or more a
month, offered them financial seminars and promoted investments in an affiliated
company called Discovery Financial Investments, investigators said.

The SEC said that instead of making the promised investments, Mr. Brady
transferred investors' money to various bank accounts he controlled.

Mr. Brady held WIN seminars regularly in Wilmington hotels until he was ordered
to stop by state officials in March 1995.

Several months later, Mr. Brady was arrested after officials from the N.C.
Securities Division of the N.C. Secretary of State's Office found him continuing
to hold meetings in Wilmington in violation of a cease-and-desist order.

He was charged with one count of violating a cease-and-desist order, one count
of selling unregistered securities and one count of failing to register to sell
securities.

The latter charges remain.

The company and Mr. Brady are accused of defrauding as many as 14,000 people
nationwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2002 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 13, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

19 ACCUSED IN CASINO THEFTS

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 19, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 425 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, Nov. 12


Nineteen persons, including three casino officials, have been indicted on
charges of stealing $644,000 from three Atlantic City casinos through a
complicated credit scheme, Attorney General James R. Zazzali announced today.

The scheme, disclosed by law enforcement officials in November 1980, is said to
have defrauded Bally's Park Place of $454,000, Caesars Boardwalk Regency of
$187,000 and Resorts International of $25,000.

Among those arrested were Bailey Robertson Jr., 46 years old, of Willingboro,
credit executive at Bally's; Vincent Verdone, 38, of Ventnor, casino credit
executive at Caesars; and James Phillip Bennett, 31, of Atlantic City, credit
executive at Caesars.

All 19 suspects were charged with conspiracy and theft by deception. Mr. Zazzali
said that a state grand jury had handed up the indictment on Oct. 1, but that
announcement of the indictment had been delayed so police officers could make
arrests.

Indictment Describes Scheme

The scheme, according to the indictment, involved getting lines of credit at the
casinos, borrowing money and then leaving the casinos with the money. The
indictment said five defendants established large personal checking accounts at
banks under different names. Several defendants and some unindicted
co-conspirators used these checking accounts as references for establishing
casino credit. The accounts were closed as soon as the casino credit line was
granted, officials said.

The people with credit lines at the casinos would get chips and play at the
craps tables, putting their winnings in their pockets, so it appeared that they
were losing. They then requested more credit, got more chips and left the casino
without playing anymore. The casinos could not collect on the debts because the
checking accounts were closed and the gamblers, often using fictitious names,
disappeared.

The others indicted were Ronald J. Besser, 45; Charles and Vincent Bilella;
Milton Cirrone, 43; Richard Coli, 48; Anthony Iafe, 37; John Marfoglio, 45;
Joseph Mattia, 44; Franklin Picone, 34, and Angelo Quattrachi, 41, all of New
York City.

Also indicted were David I. Appelbaum, 31, of Hartsdale, N.Y.; Dominick DiNardo,
23, of Belleville, N.J.; Stephen M. Goldburg, 38, of Colonia, N.J.; James B.
Kerr, 49, of North Bergen, N.J.; Edward A. Tirone, 34, of Belleville,; and Peter
Tirone, 36, of Carteret, N.J.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 29, 2015 Friday

ZeekRewards receiver continues to recoup funds

BYLINE: Darrick Ignasiak, The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 656 words


May 29--One of the latest lawsuits filed this week goes after Gary Bessoni, who
Bell alleged in the suit "played an important role in perpetuating the
ZeekRewards scheme." The receiver is seeking over $3 million from Bessoni, a
resident of Santa Maria, Calif. Bell alleges in the suit that Bessoni, the owner
of Peak USA, LLC and Peak Impact, LLC, claimed to provide potential customers
for Rex Venture Group's penny auction website, Zeekler.com.

As he claimed to provide potential customers for Zeekler.com, Bessoni's
"contacts" or "leads" were distributed or sold to ZeekRewards participants to be
used as part of their requirements to gain points to supposedly profit from the
Zeekler penny auctions, according to the suit.

"In reality, however, the leads Bessoni sold to RVG were of little or no value
to the auction business," Bell's suit reads. "Instead, the leads were used to
provide a cover of false legitimacy for and perpetuate the ZeekRewards Ponzi and
pyramid scheme. Defendant Bessoni is therefore liable to repay the Receiver the
more than $3.3 million he received from RVG through the two shell company
co-defendants."

In addition, Bell has filed other recent suits as he attempts to recover funds
from "net winners" in other countries, such as the Netherlands, Ireland,
Germany, Denmark, Sweden and Australia. He said Friday he looked at countries
where the receivership has a legitimate opportunity to recover money for the
victims. Bell's goal is to recover money from the people who "benefited greatly"
from the scheme, regardless of where the net winners reside.

Of the money the receiver has recovered, he dispersed $157.2 million between
Aug. 17, 2014, and March 31 of this year to claimants who lost money to Zeek,
according to Bell's report for the first quarter of 2015.

Bell also said Friday nearly 50,000 people have not completed the process to
recoup funds lost through Zeek. He explained those people must log in to
cert.gardencitygroup.com/zrwdet/fs/home before they can receive a check.

The receiver claims Burks was behind the scheme that caused over 700,000
participants to lose over $700 million. Burks is facing federal charges that
remain pending in the U.S. District Court Western District of North Carolina in
Charlotte.

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission shut down the company in 2012, but
not before prosecutors say Burks and his conspirators used the promise of
massive profits to lure more than 1 million investors, including nearly 50,000
in North Carolina. Authorities say Burks diverted more than $10 million to
himself. The former nursing-home magician and country music disc jockey told The
Associated Press earlier this year he never asked people to invest more money
than they could afford.

While Bell continues his efforts with the receivership, Burks still awaits
trial. After a decision this week from a federal judge, his trial date is now
set for May 2016, Burks' defense attorney, Noell Tin, told The Dispatch on
Friday. U.S. District Judge Max Cogburn's order Friday stated there are 7.9
million discovery documents, meaning Burks and the attorneys involved have shown
there is a need for additional time to try the case due to its complexity.

"Defendants have also shown a substantial need to review materials filed in
numerous civil actions filed by the receiver and conduct legal research,"
Cogburn stated. "The parties are advised that absent some unforeseen
contingency, this action will be the first matter on for trial during the May
2016 term and will be tried to completion during that term, which may be
extended. The parties should be prepared to pick a jury on the second day of
that term."

Darrick Ignasiak can be reached at 249-3981, ext. 217, or
darrick.ignasiak@the-dispatch.com Follow Darrick on Twitter: @DispatchDarrick

___ (c)2015 The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C. Visit The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C. at
www.the-dispatch.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150529-1LN-ZeekRewards-receiver-continues-to-recoup-funds-0529-20150529

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LN


                  Copyright 2015 The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                            January 3, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Ponzi was a schemer

BYLINE: MARK ABLEY, FREELANCE

SECTION: SATURDAY EXTRA: BOOKS; Watchwords; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 274  words


I've been puzzled by the high number of articles about the disgraced financier
Bernard Madoff that refer to his running a Ponzi scheme. The articles take it
for granted that readers know what this means. I didn't.

Until recently, it appears, the phrase "Ponzi scheme" was restricted to the
United States. Elsewhere, people talked about pyramid schemes (or scams). Such a
"business" grows by enrolling new recruits, whose money supports the previous
buyers; eventually, as the operation grows to unsustainable levels, the whole
structure collapses. Chain letters asking for money are perhaps the most
familiar kind of pyramid scheme.

The phrase "Ponzi scheme" refers only to investment fraud (participants get
their returns not from legitimate profits, but from the money paid in by new
investors), whereas pyramid schemes can afflict many types of commerce. Madoff
is an unworthy successor to the Italian-American swindler Carlo Ponzi, who
conned about 17,000 people out of their savings in 1920.

Before he embarked on his lucratively fraudulent career in Boston, Ponzi spent
four years in Montreal - three of them in prison. He worked here for the Banco
Zarossi, whose founder, Luigi Zarossi, was swindling newly arrived immigrants
from Italy. When Ponzi was caught forging the signature of a bank director, he,
too, ended up behind bars. After his release, he moved south and became famous
for all the wrong reasons.

Madoff, the former chairman of the NASDAQ exchange, swindled so much
21st-century money that the term "Ponzi scheme" may now spread into English
around the world. Or will the phrase "Madoff scheme" replace it?

markabley@sympatico.ca

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 16, 2001 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

U.S. Suits Contend 3 Men Sold Tax-Evasion Schemes

BYLINE:   By DAVID CAY JOHNSTON

SECTION: Section C; Column 5; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 813 words


The Justice Department filed lawsuits yesterday against three promoters of what
the government contends are tax-evasion schemes that have cost it millions of
dollars in taxes, including more than $400,000 of erroneous refunds, and helped
others stop paying taxes.

The lawsuits, filed in federal courts in Atlanta; Tampa, Fla.; and Harrisburg,
Pa., are the first serious attempt by the government to thwart a tax evasion
movement that has flourished over the last four years while the Internal Revenue
Service has paid little attention.

Hundreds of Web sites promote tax evasion, and some of the promoters have grown
wealthy charging for seminars that teach tax-evasion techniques. While the
I.R.S. has done little until now to stop the promoters, it has pursued several
customers of these schemes, some of whom have gone to prison.

Eileen J. O'Connor, the assistant attorney general in charge of the Justice
Department's tax division, said that the three promoters "have preyed on
uninformed taxpayers, convinced them to pay exorbitant fees for erroneous advice
and sold them a theory that has been rejected as frivolous by every judge who
has examined it."

The three named in the lawsuits are Thurston Bell of Hanover, Pa.; David Bosset
of Spring Hill, Fla.; and Harold E. Hearn of Atlanta. The lawsuit also seeks an
injunction prohibiting them from promoting their offerings or preparing tax
returns and requiring them to disclose the identities of their clients so that
the I.R.S. can examine their tax returns.

Mr. Bell said yesterday that the lawsuit was part of a government effort to
"suppress my First Amendment free-speech rights" and to maintain a government
scheme to extract taxes illegally.

Mr. Bell asserts at his Web sites (www.nite.org and www.tax-gate .com) that
"most U.S. citizens have never been actually subject to the income tax" but that
the "uninformed and naked claims" of employers, major news organizations and the
I.R.S. have tricked people into believing that their income is subject to tax.

Mr. Bell charged as much as $1,000 to write a letter, $65 for advice and $3,500
to become a "senior fellow" of his National Institute for Taxation Education,
the lawsuit said. Mr. Bell declined comment on these figures.

Mr. Hearn, a tax preparer and financial adviser in Atlanta, could not be
contacted yesterday.

Mr. Bosset, owner of Bosset Partners Marketing in Clearwater, Fla., declined to
comment.

The suit filed in Florida said that Mr. Bosset, charging fees of up to $5,000,
prepared amended tax returns reporting zero income. Among his clients were James
and Amy Callihan of Myrtle Beach, S.C., whose 1997 tax return reported $687,844
of income and a tax of $255,519, the lawsuit said. The Callihan's did not
respond to a message left with a person at their home yesterday.

Another client, Penny Shipp of Melrose, Fla., said Mr. Bosset was so persuasive
that despite her experience as a tax preparer for H & R Block, she came for a
while to believe that the tax laws were a hoax. But after paying Mr. Bosset and
an associate $11,300, and making no progress in her dispute with the I.R.S. over
her 1994 through 1996 income tax returns, Mrs. Shipp said, "I don't believe it
now."

Two years ago, Mr. Bosset received a $21,916 refund of taxes he had withheld
from paychecks of his employees. He used copies of the refund check to market
his skills.

The refund was issued by mistake, the lawsuit said.

The lawsuit quotes Mr. Bosset as stating in a television interview that he
returned the withheld taxes to his employees, but also telling The St.
Petersburg Times that he did not return the money to his former workers. Three
former employees of Mr. Bosset, in interviews last April, said the withheld
taxes were never returned to them.

Mr. Bosset has been lauded as a hero by leaders of a melange of self-styled
patriot groups that joined together last February as the "tax honesty movement."
In recent weeks, this movement has started to call itself Operation Enduring
Patriotism and asserted that the war in Afghanistan enhanced the importance of
their efforts to convince Americans that the I.R.S. is a criminal organization
with no legal authority to collect taxes.

The movement has grown so bold that some of its leaders have publicly dared the
government to prosecute them. None have been charged criminally.

The three promoters who were sued yesterday all market versions of what is known
as "the 861 position," which contends that the section of the tax code with that
number restricts the income tax laws to a small number of Americans, primarily
those employed by foreign-owned businesses.

Every court that has heard this argument has dismissed it, but its adherents
remain undeterred, contending as Mr. Bell did yesterday that the issue was not
presented properly, that the cases had procedural flaws or that the judges were
incompetent or corrupt.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: November 20, 2001



CORRECTION: An article in Business Day on Friday about lawsuits filed by the
Justice Department against three promoters of what it calls tax evasion schemes
referred incorrectly to Operation Enduring Patriotism, part of the "tax honesty
movement," which contends that the Internal Revenue Service has no legal
authority to collect taxes. Operation Enduring Patriotism, which shares a Web
site with the movement, advocates that each state adopt a law to teach the
organization's interpretation of the Constitution and civics in schools. Its
name does not refer to the tax honesty movement as a whole.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 21, 2013 Wednesday

New Mexico: California Man Sentenced to Federal Prison for Fraudulent Cellphone
Scheme

LENGTH: 661  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Mexico has issued the
following press release:

A California man was sentenced late Friday afternoon for his role in a scheme to
fraudulently obtain high-value cellular phones from retail stores in California,
Arizona and New Mexico and to resell the cellular phones for profit.  Joshua
Ferdman, 25, of Woodland Hills, Cal., was sentenced to 15 months in federal
prison followed by three years of supervised release.  Ferdman also was ordered
to pay $45,715.59 restitution to the victims of the criminal scheme.

Ferdman's sentence was announced by Acting U.S. Attorney Steven C. Yarbrough,
Resident Agent in Charge Richard Ferretti of Albuquerque Resident Office of the
U.S. Secret Service, and Chief Allen Banks of the Albuquerque Police Department.

Ferdman and his three co-defendants, Jeffrey Contella, 28, and Joseph Cohen, 26,
both of Los Angeles, Cal., and Amir Meir Levi, 36, of Sherman Oaks, Cal., were
indicted in Feb. 2012, and charged with (1) conspiracy to transport stolen
property and commit access device fraud and (2) access device fraud.  Contella,
Cohen and Levi entered guilty pleas to the indictment without the benefit of any
plea agreement in Jan. 2013.  Ferdman entered a similar guilty plea in Feb.
2013.

In entering their guilty pleas, the defendants admitted that, in May 2011, they
engaged in a scheme to fraudulently obtain high-value cellphones, including
smartphones, from Sprint stores, and resell the cellphones in a Van Nuys, Cal.,
store owned by Cohen and through an on-line store hosted by EBay.  The
defendants traveled to Sprint stores throughout California, Arizona and New
Mexico and fraudulently obtained significant quantities of cellphones by
impersonating Sprint customers and the unauthorized use of the customers'
account numbers.  They obtained the phones free of cost by instructing store
clerks to bill the cost of the phones to the accounts of the unwitting Sprint
customers.

According to court filings, from May 10, 2011 through May 16, 2011, Ferdman and
Levi traveled to Sprint stores in California, including stores in Fullerton, Los
Angeles, Hollywood, San Francisco, Sacramento and Folsom, to perpetuate their
fraudulent scheme.  From May 21, 2011 to May 24, 2011, Ferdman and Contella
traveled to Sprint stores in Arizona and New Mexico for that same purpose.
During this period, Levi wired cash to Ferdman and Contella; Ferdman sent
cellphones to Levi via Federal Express; Levi delivered the cellphones to Cohen;
and Cohen sold the cellphones.  On May 25, 2011, Ferdman, Contella and Levi
fraudulently obtained 13 smartphones from a Sprint store in Albuquerque through
the unauthorized use of a Sprint customer's account number.  That same day,
Ferdman, Contella and Levi attempted to purchase an additional six smartphones
from a Sprint store in Albuquerque.

Cohen's sentencing hearing is scheduled on Sept. 6, 2013 and Levi's sentencing
hearing is set for Aug. 26, 2013.  Contella's sentencing hearing has yet to be
scheduled.  At sentencing, each faces a maximum penalty of five years in prison
and a $250,000 fine on the conspiracy charge, and ten years in prison and a
$250,000 fine on the access device fraud charge.

In announcing Ferdman's sentence, Richard Ferretti, Resident Agent in Charge of
the Albuquerque office of the Secret Service, said, "The results of this
investigation are an example of the strategic partnerships between the Secret
Service, Albuquerque Police Department, United States Attorney's Office, and our
private sector partners.  We continue to prioritize investigative cases,
focusing on electronic and financial crimes which have a significant community
impact in New Mexico."
The case was investigated by the U.S. Secret Service and the Albuquerque Police
Department's Organized Crime Unit, and is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S.
Attorney John C. Anderson.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/nm

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 20, 2013 Tuesday

New Mexico: California Man Sentenced to Federal Prison for Fraudulent Cellphone
Scheme

LENGTH: 661  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Mexico has issued the
following press release:

A California man was sentenced late Friday afternoon for his role in a scheme to
fraudulently obtain high-value cellular phones from retail stores in California,
Arizona and New Mexico and to resell the cellular phones for profit.  Joshua
Ferdman, 25, of Woodland Hills, Cal., was sentenced to 15 months in federal
prison followed by three years of supervised release.  Ferdman also was ordered
to pay $45,715.59 restitution to the victims of the criminal scheme.

Ferdman's sentence was announced by Acting U.S. Attorney Steven C. Yarbrough,
Resident Agent in Charge Richard Ferretti of Albuquerque Resident Office of the
U.S. Secret Service, and Chief Allen Banks of the Albuquerque Police Department.

Ferdman and his three co-defendants, Jeffrey Contella, 28, and Joseph Cohen, 26,
both of Los Angeles, Cal., and Amir Meir Levi, 36, of Sherman Oaks, Cal., were
indicted in Feb. 2012, and charged with (1) conspiracy to transport stolen
property and commit access device fraud and (2) access device fraud.  Contella,
Cohen and Levi entered guilty pleas to the indictment without the benefit of any
plea agreement in Jan. 2013.  Ferdman entered a similar guilty plea in Feb.
2013.

In entering their guilty pleas, the defendants admitted that, in May 2011, they
engaged in a scheme to fraudulently obtain high-value cellphones, including
smartphones, from Sprint stores, and resell the cellphones in a Van Nuys, Cal.,
store owned by Cohen and through an on-line store hosted by EBay.  The
defendants traveled to Sprint stores throughout California, Arizona and New
Mexico and fraudulently obtained significant quantities of cellphones by
impersonating Sprint customers and the unauthorized use of the customers'
account numbers.  They obtained the phones free of cost by instructing store
clerks to bill the cost of the phones to the accounts of the unwitting Sprint
customers.

According to court filings, from May 10, 2011 through May 16, 2011, Ferdman and
Levi traveled to Sprint stores in California, including stores in Fullerton, Los
Angeles, Hollywood, San Francisco, Sacramento and Folsom, to perpetuate their
fraudulent scheme.  From May 21, 2011 to May 24, 2011, Ferdman and Contella
traveled to Sprint stores in Arizona and New Mexico for that same purpose.
During this period, Levi wired cash to Ferdman and Contella; Ferdman sent
cellphones to Levi via Federal Express; Levi delivered the cellphones to Cohen;
and Cohen sold the cellphones.  On May 25, 2011, Ferdman, Contella and Levi
fraudulently obtained 13 smartphones from a Sprint store in Albuquerque through
the unauthorized use of a Sprint customer's account number.  That same day,
Ferdman, Contella and Levi attempted to purchase an additional six smartphones
from a Sprint store in Albuquerque.

Cohen's sentencing hearing is scheduled on Sept. 6, 2013 and Levi's sentencing
hearing is set for Aug. 26, 2013.  Contella's sentencing hearing has yet to be
scheduled.  At sentencing, each faces a maximum penalty of five years in prison
and a $250,000 fine on the conspiracy charge, and ten years in prison and a
$250,000 fine on the access device fraud charge.

In announcing Ferdman's sentence, Richard Ferretti, Resident Agent in Charge of
the Albuquerque office of the Secret Service, said, "The results of this
investigation are an example of the strategic partnerships between the Secret
Service, Albuquerque Police Department, United States Attorney's Office, and our
private sector partners.  We continue to prioritize investigative cases,
focusing on electronic and financial crimes which have a significant community
impact in New Mexico."
The case was investigated by the U.S. Secret Service and the Albuquerque Police
Department's Organized Crime Unit, and is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S.
Attorney John C. Anderson.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/nm

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                          December 24, 2008 Wednesday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

USC FOOTBALL NOTEBOOK: Opposing offense basic

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 424 words


USC offensive line coach Pat Ruel neatly summed up how Penn State looks to him
on film.

"They are like their uniforms," Ruel said. "They are real simple and don't do a
lot of schemes, but they are really good at what they do."

That is the opposite of USC's most recent opponent, UCLA, which used a variety
of defensive schemes against the Trojans. So which is better?

"They understand their scheme, which is really important," USC offensive
coordinator Steve Sariskian said. "Their rush end (All-American Aaron Maybin) is
the best rusher we've ever seen."

Still, it might sound like a break for the Trojans, because sometimes their
offense was accused of not being consistent enough or knowing its own schemes.

Sarkisian, who is also working double duty as Washington's new coach, said one
of his goals is to keep the offense mentally alert in the days remaining before
the Rose Bowl.

"I want to make sure Mark (Sanchez) has a clear mind," Sarkisian said. "That's
what we've done over the years. We've made sure guys didn't have too much on
their minds."

Sarkisian said tailback Joe McKnight is already game-ready from a mental
standpoint.

"Joe's practices this week have been very detailed," Sarkisian said. "The key is
to keep guys like him stimulated."

Offensively, Penn State is more of a traditional-I formation team that uses the
shotgun offense, according to USC coach Pete Carroll. That might help the
Trojans, who sometimes struggled with spread-option teams over the years.

Reserve quarterback Garrett Green, the fastest of USC's quarterbacks, is
emulating Penn State quarterback Daryll Clark in Rose Bowl practices.

Heading north

Defensive tackle Christian Tupou flew home to Sacramento for Christmas. Asked
what he wanted, Tupou said, "a victory."

Tupou, who attended Grant High School in Sacramento, declined to tease his USC
teammates from Long Beach Poly after Grant won the state championship game last
weekend.

"We talked about it, but nothing bad," Tupou said. "We just said it was a good
game."

Also flying home to Eureka, Calif., was All-American linebacker Rey Maualuga.

"We got a lot of work done this week," Maualuga said. "When we come back Friday,
it will be like a Monday for us, and we'll have a week for Penn State."

Hazelton update

Former USC wide receiver Vidal Hazelton continues to look at Missouri and
Rutgers as his frontrunners for a transfer. A decision was delayed because USC's
compliance department did not fax the release to schools interested in Hazelton,
so he could speak to them under NCAA rules.

scott.wolf@dailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 16, 1980, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

5 HELD IN A SCHEME TO DEFRAUD CASINOS

BYLINE: By EDWARD GARGAN

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 39, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1047 words


Five persons have been arrested on charges of bilking three Atlantic City
casinos of $3 million in a credit fraud scheme, New Jersey authorities said
yesterday. Sev en others are being sought.

Ninety others, who sources in the New Jersey Attorney General's office said were
linked to organized crime, are also under investigation.

Officials said the scheme involved persuading casinos to grant large lines of
credit to gamblers using false names, who eventually left with the money.

No one has been indicted in the case. Evidence will be presented soon to a state
grand jury, said Thomas Cannon, a spokesman for the Attorney General's office.
''The undercover phase of the operation is now over,'' he said.

The scheme first came to the attention of New Jersey authorities, officials
said, when Bally's Park Place Casino discovered irregularities in its credit
patterns and notified the Casino Control Commission. A two-month undercover
investigation by the state police led to the arrests, the Attorney General's
office said.

Scheme Is Described

During the undercover phase of the investigation, which began in September, the
scheme netted some $238,500, Mr. Cannon said. This included $173,000 from Park
Place, $63,000 from the Boardwalk Regency and $2,500 from the Resorts
International Casino.

Twenty state troopers arrested the five men at midnight Friday in a room at the
Boardwalk Regency. The troopers recovered $9,000 in cash and gaming chips as
well as a number of counterfeit New Jersey drivers' licenses that were used in
establishing the fraudulent identities used in the scheme, Mr. Cannon said.

He described the scheme as follows: Those at the center of the fraud operation
would find a willing accomplice and give him money, usually $5,000, to put in
his bank account. The accomplice would immediately write checks for that amount
to those directing the operation.

The accomplice would then approach a casino for a $5,000 credit line. The
casino, after checking with the bank, usually by phone, would approve the credit
line and issue the accomplice $5,000 in chips. He would then divide the chips
with one of the scheme's initiators and they would use the chips to bet at the
craps table.

How Credit Was Established

By betting on both the ''pass'' and the ''don't pass'' lines the pair were
assured of breaking even. However, they were establishing themselves as large
money bettors at the casino as they played.

After a short time, the money granted on credit would be repaid by the
accomplice to the casino and then a larger credit line would be requested, and
always, according to Mr. Cannon, granted.

The process of establishing the credit line and repaying the debt would be
repeated, gradually increasing the credit line of the accomplice until it
reached $50,000 or $60,000 and then the accomplice would abscond with half of
the amount and the principals in the scheme would move onto a new accomplice.

The scheme became so complicated and involved so many changes in names by the
principals that they often became confused about their false identities.

''One of these guys changed names so often that he had to write his name on his
hand so he could see who he was supposed to be that day,'' Mr. Cannon said.

Participants in the fraud used credit lines established at one casino to support
requests for credit lines at other casinos, Mr.  Cannon said. According to a
spokesman for the Park Place Casino, this is a common practice among casinos in
Atlantic City. ''They had credit lines for fictional names,'' the spokesman
said. ''They used credit lines from one casino for credit at other casinos.''

First Discovered at Park Place

Those arrested on charges of conspiring to commit theft by fraud were identified
as Vincent Verdone, 37 years old, a credit host at the Boardwalk Regency; Bailey
Robertson Jr., 45, a former credit host at Park Place now an employee of
Harrah's Casino; Vincent Bilello, 41, of Staten Island; Franklin Picone, 33, of
Staten Island, and David Applebaum, 31 of Hartsdale, N.Y. Mr. Picone was also
charged with possession of cocaine.

Pa rk Place first discovered the alleged fra ud scheme in March, according to
Rita Shade, a spokesman for the casino. She said the casino notified the Casino
Control Commission of the scheme at the time. Mr. Robertson, who the casino
identifie d as a participant in the fraud at the time and who was arrested Fr
iday night, was retainedby the casino at the request of the state pol ice so
that investigators could penetrate the fraud opera tion.

Bad credit amounting to $2.5 million, including some to the participants in the
scheme, was reportedly extended by the then executive vic e president of the
Park Place Casino Hotel, Al Rosen, former presid ent of the New York Yankees and
now president and general manag er of the Houston Astros baseball team.

There is no evidence that Mr. Rosen was knowingly involved in the fraud scheme,
Mr. Cannon said.

A 'Very Liberal Credit Policy'

''It would not have been just of his doing,'' Miss Shade said.  Because credit
hosts on the floor of the casino were restricted in the credit they could
authorize, requests for credit lines usually required two signatures, she said.
Mr. Rosen, as supervisor of the casino's credit hosts, signed many of those
requests.

''We had almost no credit policy at the beginning,'' Mr. Rosen said. ''We had a
very liberal credit policy. I'm not suggesting I didn't make terrible decisions
in judgment. I did, but that's one of the hazards of the business.''

''We were the victims of the people who came in to defraud us,'' Mr. Rosen
added.  ''His name shows up when he wasn't really responsible,'' Miss Shade
said. ''He acted on information given to him. We were very green.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           December 27, 2008 Saturday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

HE'S 'FORREST CHUMP' H'wood script writer sues investment mgr. for losing big
bucks in Ponzi scheme

BYLINE: BY SOO YOUN in Los Angeles and OWEN MORITZ in New York DAILY NEWS
WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 291 words


THE WRITER OF a string of Hollywood hits - including "The Curious Case of
Benjamin Button" - sued his investment manager yesterday for losing a bundle in
Bernie Madoff's Ponzi scheme.

Screenwriter Eric Roth claims his "trusted investment manager," Stanley Chais,
"simply handed off" his money to Madoff while collecting "enormous fees."

When he learned of his "heavy" losses last week: Roth exclaimed: "I'm the
biggest sucker who ever walked the face of the Earth. The tragedy is the people
who lost their life savings and their dreams."

Madoff is accused of running a $50 billion Ponzi scheme on charities, Yeshivas
and high-rollers around the world, including New York Mets owner Fred Wilpon.

In papers filed in Los Angeles, Roth - also authored the screen versions of
"Forrest Gump" and "The Horse Whisperer" - claims he suffered "massive losses"
at the hands of Chais.

Roth, listing himself as the trustee for Vanessa Productions Ltd. profit-sharing
plan, charged Chais "funneled to Madoff the billions of dollars in investment
capital that he needed to perpetuate his confessed Ponzi scheme."

Roth charges Chais ignored "red flags" from other investors and hedge fund
managers, investment advisers and banks that had refused to invest with Madoff's
firm, BMIS.

After a long slump, Roth just hit it big again as writer of "Benjamin Button,"
in which the lead character ages backward - from old age to youth.

He was nominated this week for a Golden Globe.

Chais failed to conduct "reasonable due diligence" of Madoff's investment
practices and the failure to diversify investments constituted "gross negligence
and an egregious breach of fiduciary duties," the suit says.

Roth is seeking unspecified compensatory and punitive damages.
omoritz@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Hollywood screenwriter Eric Roth (right) made millions writing "Forrest
Gump" (left) and "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button," starring a heavily
made-up Brad Pitt (above). Photo left by Phillip Carus

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Daily News, L.P.


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            February 27, 2015 Friday

A twist in tangle left by Nadel

BYLINE: JOHN HIELSCHER

SECTION: D; ARCHIVES; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 751 words


BANK WANTS $4 MILLION: It beat receiver's lawsuit and wants expenses paid

Wells Fargo Bank says it will seek $4 million in attorneys fees and expenses
from the receiver in the Arthur Nadel Ponzi scheme, according to court documents
filed this week.

The bank's attorneys argue that amount represents "reasonable" fees for them to
collect after winning a lawsuit brought by the receiver who sought millions of
dollars in damages for failing to stop Nadel's scam.

If a judge approves the request, the bank would collect from the funds pooled to
repay hundreds of investors who lost $168 million in the Sarasota-based Ponzi.

"This is a pretty aggressive move on the part of Wells Fargo," said Morgan
Bentley, a Sarasota attorney who represents three dozen Nadel investors.
"Although I haven't reviewed their bills, $4 million in fees is a whole lot of
money for what this was.

"And if awarded," he said, "this would gut any remaining disbursement that might
be made to the victims of the Nadel Ponzi scheme."

Wells Fargo's petition comes two weeks after the court decided that the bank was
not liable in the scheme.

Receiver Burt Wiand sued Wells Fargo in 2012, claiming Wachovia - a bank Wells
Fargo acquired in 2008 - failed to recognize Nadel's decade-long scam, even
though Nadel had set up numerous accounts at the bank to siphon money from
investors in his Sarasota-based hedge funds.

A judge dismissed the lawsuit this month, saying there was "no evidence" the
bank had any knowledge of Nadel's fraud.

Nearly 400 investors lost money in Nadel's Scoop Management Inc. hedge funds
after they collapsed in January 2009.

As the enormity of the scam surfaced, Nadel was dubbed a "mini-Madoff" - a
reference to the large-scale financial misdeeds of New York-based Ponzi king
Bernard Madoff.

Nadel died in 2012 while serving a 14-year sentence in a federal prison in North
Carolina, the same institution where the convicted Madoff is now housed.

In its motion filed Monday in federal court, Wells Fargo did not provide details
on how many hours its attorneys billed for working on the case or at what hourly
rate.

The bank also is seeking compensation for other legal expenses.

"The bank states a fair estimate of the amount of expenses including reasonable
attorneys' fees incurred in this action is approximately $4 million, not
including taxable costs," bank attorney Beth A. Cronin said in the motion.

Receiver's compensation

Attorney fees and other expenses already have consumed up a sizable chunk of the
overall receivership pot, according to federal court records.

Tampa attorney Wiand has been paid $840,498 for his work since being appointed
receiver in January 2009. He bills at $350 an hour, which he says is a
discounted rate from his typical $460 hourly rate.

His law firm, Wiand Guerra King, has been paid $8.5 million. That covers the
work of seven attorneys, who bill $193.50 to $325 an hour, plus expenses.

Wiand's former firm, Fowler White Boggs, which he left in late 2009, was paid
$1.35 million.

Some of the the payments to Wiand and his firm have come from a Texas oil and
gas company that was seized by the receivership.

Money also has been spent on accounting services, financial analyses, computer
forensic services, asset management and other professional work.

To date, the receivership has collected nearly $67 million in cash. That money
has come from a variety of sources, including lawsuits, seized assets belonging
to Nadel and partners Neil and Christopher Moody, and money recovered from
"false-profit" investors who took more out of the hedge funds than they had put
in.

Major legal settlements included $25 million from law firm Holland & Knight,
which prepared private placement memos for Nadel's funds, and $9.8 million from
investment firm Goldman Sachs, which executed and cleared Scoop's and Nadel's
trades.

About 350 investors have received $57 million, or about 44 percent of all
approved loss claims.

The Wells Fargo case was the final "major claim" in the receivership, Wiand
said. He recently told investors he will likely appeal the lawsuit's dismissal.

Bentley has told his investor clients that they should expect to recover up to
55 percent of what they lost.

"This is almost exactly what I expected, although I continue to believe that a
little more effort might have gotten it to 60 percent," he said.

"But, nevertheless, it is better than the situation we found ourselves in back
in January 2009."

ONLINE: To read more on this subject, follow the links with this story at
heraldtribune.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Receiver Burt Wiand has been paid $840,498 and his firm has been paid
$8.5 million to recover losses. Arthur Nadel's Ponzi scheme cost investors $168
million.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 23, 2015 Monday

Arizona: A Ponzi Scheme Collapses

LENGTH: 595  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Nearly a dozen fraudsters who conspired to operate a $40 million Ponzi scheme
will be spending plenty of time behind bars after a joint effort by the FBI, the
Internal Revenue Service, and the U.S. Attorney's Office in the Western District
of North Carolina. Among those now serving time is the scheme's mastermind,
Keith Franklin Simmons, who was sentenced to 40 years in prison late last year.
And just last month, the 11th and final defendant in the conspiracy--Jonathan D.
Davey--was sentenced to more than 21 years.

The federal judge who sentenced Davey said the term handed down reflected the
effects of the fraud on its 400 or so victims--mainly elderly and
vulnerable--and that the scheme resulted in "life-wrecking damage" and caused
victims to lose "life savings, trust, faith, and their sense of dignity."In
2007, Simmons--a North Carolina businessman looking for a way to make easy
money--formulated an investment scheme called "Black Diamond," which he
advertised as a legitimate hedge fund involved in foreign currency trading.
Black Diamond, according to Simmons, had significant safeguards in place to
protect investors, was independently audited, and had consistently high rates of
return. None of that, of course, was true.

To help solicit investors from around the country, Simmons--through a
co-conspirator--recruited a number of individuals to serve as regional managers
of his hedge fund. Most of these "managers" had insurance experience and were
well versed in selling annuity products, often to the elderly. So they solicited
previous customers--as well as friends, family, and acquaintances. These early
investors were promised financial compensation for bringing new investors on
board, so they in turn praised Black Diamond and its high rate of return to
their friends, family, and acquaintances. Unfortunately, not a single dollar of
investor funds was actually invested.

Also brought on board to oversee the various hedge fund managers--and the
money--was Davey, a certified public accountant and investment manager in Ohio.
Davey controlled most of the funds from the scheme and published a website for
investors that reflected false returns. By the end of the scheme, the website
showed that the value of investor accounts was more than $120 million, but in
reality, all of the accounts totaled less than $1 million.

Black Diamond made the perpetrators--in particular Simmons and Davey--very rich.
And as long as new money was coming in, they were able to keep making some
payments to their early investors while at the same time continuing to fund
their lavish lifestyles, which included mansions, luxury vehicles, and expensive
trips.

But as all Ponzi schemes usually do at some point, Black Diamond began to
collapse in on itself--there was not enough new money coming in to keep the old
investors satisfied or to continue lining the pockets of the criminals running
the fraud. So around March 2009, a new Ponzi scheme was begun, but this time
some of the money from investors in the new scheme went to make payments to the
investors of the old scheme, and the rest went to the criminals.

It was the beginning of the end, however. Acting on allegations of suspicious
financial activity, the FBI--with its partners--was already investigating Black
Diamond. By December 2009, ringleader Keith Franklin Simmons was in custody, and
the arrests of his co-conspirators eventually followed.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            December 9, 2013 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Madoff sweated scam's every detail;
DiPascali testifies about intense discussions of typefaces, asterisks

BYLINE: Kevin McCoy, @kmccoynyc, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 874 words


Bernard Madoff sweated the intricate details of his massive Ponzi scheme.

Obsessively.

Keeping one of history's largest frauds running for decades arguably required at
least as much time and effort as operating a legitimate investment firm,
according to evidence in the conspiracy trial of former Madoff employees. Frank
DiPascali, the now-disgraced financier's ex-finance chief, told jurors that
Madoff paced around his firm's Manhattan offices, discussing how to handle
investment fabrications and respond to investigations and other threats.

No detail was too small to overlook -- whether typeface on a backdated trade
blotter or the  asterisk on a fabricated version of a business form.

"A lot of these discussions he had with himself out loud," said DiPascali, who
testified he at times tried to stifle the then-Wall Street heavyweight by
warning "you cannot continue to talk like this."

The star prosecution witness began testifying days before Dec. 11's five-year
anniversary of the scam's collapse. The implosion of the world's largest Ponzi
scheme racked up more than $17.3 billion in losses for thousands of charities,
celebrities, ordinary investors and financial funds. Roughly $11.8 billion has
been recovered by investigators.

Madoff pleaded guilty without standing trial and is now serving a 150-year
prison term. He insisted he acted alone.

Five of his former employees, however, are being tried on charges they knowingly
aided and profited from the scheme. They are: Annette Bongiorno, Madoff's former
executive assistant; Daniel Bonventre, the firm's ex-operations chief; JoAnn
Crupi, who worked with Bongiorno and DiPascali; and former computer programmers
Jerome O'Hara and George Perez.

They have maintained they had no knowledge of the fraud and were hoodwinked by
Madoff.

DiPascali's testimony has provided the first insider view of the scheme.
Speaking in a rapid-fire New York accent, he depicted Madoff as a meticulous if
sometimes profane boss who dictated the percentage gains he wanted each
investment customer to receive.

DiPascali said he and other employees then added fake trades to adjust the
purported values.

When a client died, Madoff typically had the employees add losing trades to
reduce the final payout. But that wouldn't work when longtime  client Jacques
Amsellem died. Lawyers didn't notify Madoff's firm until two months later,
DiPascali said.

By then, Amsellem's account "was too far over where Bernie wanted it to be," he
testified.

Responding to Madoff's instructions, Bongiorno and Crupi created a fictionalized
Amsellem account "that didn't exist when he was alive," said DiPascali, who
participated in the effort. They then filled the account with losing trades to
produce a $1,772,000 loss, which reduced the last payout to match Madoff's
expectations, DiPascali said.

The boss acted "like a lunatic" as he tried to limit a 1992 Securities and
Exchange Commission investigation of Avellino & Bienes, an accounting firm that
invested its client funds with Madoff, DiPascali testified. Had the probe
expanded, it might have focused on Madoff's firm, too.

DiPascali said he and other Madoff employees created a  new Avellino & Bienes
account and filled it with fictitious, back-dated trades of top stocks.

The effort involved manipulating computer entries to make sure there were no
signs of the current date.

"Were there actually any assets in these accounts?" Assistant U.S. Attorney John
Zach asked.

"No," DiPascali said. "These were real companies, but fictitious trades."

Millions of other Madoff firm records were similarly fabricated. But DiPascali
said that didn't stop the boss from warning employees never to include "Story
Stocks" -- securities of firms in recent news accounts that sent those shares
soaring or plunging.

DiPascali said Madoff worried a regulator  could someday see the records and
suspect a customer of acting on non-public information to reap illegal,
insider-trading profits.

Similarly, he said Madoff made sure employees obtained just the right paper,
computer printing fonts and layout format needed to fabricate bogus reports that
would convince anyone the fakes were genuine documents from the Depository Trust
Co. securities clearinghouse. The fakes showed billions of dollars in fictional
Treasury securities purportedly held by Madoff's firm.

Zach suggested there were repeated efforts to make asterisks on the fakes look
just like the real ones.

Eventually, the bogus reports were "close to perfect," said DiPascali, who
testified Madoff once held one up near an office window and remarked "how great
it was."

But a 2004 SEC probe of Madoff's business posed a challenge.

The boss had employees craft a  new set of  records that would purportedly show
his firm held no customer funds and delivered client securities to custody
banks.

"Where the hell are we going to get these banks from?" DiPascali said he
responded to Madoff. "His response was, 'You can just make them up.'"

Ultimately, DiPascali said, Madoff had employees search the Internet for
foreign bank names, then add them to the new batch of records. .

Madoff gambled that the SEC's lead investigator would not make vigorous efforts
to contact the banks and double-check the data, saying, "it's just not in his
pay grade."

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Louis Lanzano, Bloomberg News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                          September 30, 2009 Wednesday

Couples allege Ponzi adoption scam

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 401 words


MINEOLA, N.Y. (AP) -- An attorney who claimed his own experience as an adopted
child motivated him to help people seeking to start families is suspected of
running a Ponzi-like scheme that ripped off couples from New York to Texas,
promising children that didn t exist.

Kevin Cohen, 41, pleaded not guilty Friday to grand larceny and other charges
after one Long Island couple told prosecutors they paid him $60,000 in fees for
a promised baby that he never delivered. Since then, 15 other couples from New
York, Georgia, Ohio and Texas have contacted a prosecutor in New York s Nassau
County, telling similar stories.

Cohen s attorney, Matin Emouna, said the disputes are civil matters and not
something requiring criminal prosecution. Cohen, of Roslyn, once ran an adoption
agency called the Adoption Annex and has had many satisfied clients, he said.

Nassau County District Attorney Kathleen Rice has likened the case to a Ponzi
scheme because Cohen partially refunded some disappointed couples with proceeds
he had collected from other people to whom he promised babies. In a traditional
Ponzi scheme, early investors are paid "proceeds" from a scam investment with
money raked in from later investors.

"This was so much more than just a fraud scheme," Rice said. "The emotional
turmoil he put these couples through is unimaginable. You have couple after
couple who just want to provide a nice loving home for a baby."

Cohen s arrest stems from his dealings with Deborah and Milton Josephs, a
middle-class couple from Port Washington on Long Island.

Deborah Josephs, a 44-year-old former human resources executive who now works as
a consultant, and her 41-year-old husband, Milton, an elementary school special
education teacher, already have one 6-year-old daughter and had prepared their
home for a new child who never arrived as promised in August.

Deborah Josephs said they paid Cohen $35,000 in legal fees and expenses for the
birth mother in March. They said he contacted them shortly after that payment,
saying he had another potential mother, but needed an additional $25,000 to
secure that adoption.

Cohen is being held on $500,000 bail. A grand jury is considering additional
charges, although an indictment is not expected until after prosecutors can pin
down how many couples may have been victimized. Aside from families in New York
and Texas, couples have come forward in Eatonton, Ga., and Cleveland.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Idaho: Third Pilot executive pleads guilty

LENGTH: 651  words

DATELINE: Boise


Department of Transportation, The State of Idaho has issued the following press
release:

Three more Pilot Flying J employees pleaded guilty on Tuesday in a scheme to
defraud trucking companies out of rebates as a federal investigation continues
to unfold into the country's largest truck stop company.

One of the employees was a sales manager who helped set up a training session to
teach others how to carry out the fraud. Another was a sales manager who was
secretly recorded bragging about his role in shorting customers. The other was
an account representative based in Knoxville who helped handle the reductions.

Jay Stinnett, senior regional sales manager for Pilot who helped set up the
training, faces up to 20 years in federal prison and a $150,000 fine and
restitution

Regional sales manager Kevin Clark faces up to five years in prison and a
$250,000 fine. Clark and Stinnett, along with account representative Holly
Radford, all pled guilty to conspiracy to commit mail fraud.

With those agreements in place, the federal government has garnered five total
plea deals since its investigation became made public when agents raided the
Pilot's Knoxville headquarters April 15.

The affidavit filed by the U.S. Attorney's Office in April made clear that
investigators have top Pilot executives in their crosshairs, but just how far up
the corporate ladder the rebate scheme went remains unclear.

Pilot is led by CEO Jimmy Haslam, who is the lead owner of the Cleveland Browns
and whose brother is Gov. Bill Haslam. The company, started by their father, is
the source of wealth for the Haslam family.

The rebate scheme involved Pilot executives singling out trucking companies and
manually reducing the fuel rebates they were owed on diesel purchases. They
chose customers that they thought would not catch the discrepency.

Clark and Stinnett participated in conservations recorded by an FBI informant
where they discussed the rebate scheme. In one recording, Stinnett and Vice
President of Sales John Freeman seek approval from Pilot's president Mark
Hazelwood to teach breakout sessions on the "manual rebate" program. Stinnett
was also present at what appears to be a key Florida meeting recorded by the FBI
informant, who worked for Pilot, in which top sales executives discuss with
Hazelwood a two-tier pricing scheme.

No charges have been brought against Freeman or Hazelwood yet.

At the Feb. 18 meeting in Florida, Freeman is recorded saying he wished Pilot
had a two-tier pricing scheme - one for sophisticated clients and a separate one
for those that wouldn't notice their rebates were being reduced.

"Have a set of racks for those companies that don't close-watch, don't optimize,
and then another set of racks where you have to get in that optimizing
close-watch game," Freeman said according to the transcript in the affidavit.

Stinnett responded to Freeman by asking, "Why don't we do that?"

Later in the same conversation, Hazelwood is recorded as saying, "Sure. Customer
A, Customer B. Customer A looks at every orifice you have, Customer B doesn't
even know you have an orifice," according to the transcript in the FBI
affidavit.

The affidavit also describes Clark, who was based in Missouri, being directed by
Freeman to change the discount owed Schrock Trucking's without alerting the
company.

Three weeks ago northeast regional sales manager Arnold Ralenkotter and account
representative Ashley Judd became the first executives to reach plea deals.

Pilot spokesman Tom Ingram said the company was "disappointed in the actions of
these employees towards our customer."

"We assure our customers that our five-step plan to correct any wrongdoing and
to make certain these actions do not happen again is ongoing, and that our
customers' confidence in the vast majority of our 23,000 team members nationwide
remains well-placed," he said.

For further information please visit: http://apps.itd.idaho.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             May 18, 1991, Saturday

Pyramid investment scheme probed; N.C. says its review predates SEC action

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; SECTION D; PAGE 10

LENGTH: 489 words


The Associated Press

RALEIGH - A pyramid investment scheme now closed by the Securities and Exchange
Commission has been under investigation in North Carolina for nearly two years,
two of the state's top regulators said Friday.

"In this job, you think you've seen everything under the sun, but this group, I
have to say, came up with some new ones - some things we haven't seen before,"
Secretary of State Rufus Edmisten said. "It had that revival-style element to
it."

Mr. Edmisten said the state last year ordered International Loan Network of
Lanham, Md., to stop selling securities in North Carolina and to refund more
than $ 1 million to Tar Heel investors.

INL mailed refunds totaling $ 1,189,500 to 65 people. The company claims 12,000
investors in North Carolina among its 40,000 investors nationwide.

Mr. Edmisten said INL had been accused of selling unregistered securities
because it was offering investment opportunities in property allegedly bought at
tax sales. The company changed its sales pitch after the refunds were made, Mr.
Edmisten said, but the investigation file was left open because the company
continued to do business in the state.

"We are considering bringing criminal charges against them," Mr. Edmisten said.
"That is one of the options we are looking at."; Firm's assets frozen

A federal judge in Washington on Wednesday granted the request from the SEC for
a temporary restraining order to freeze all of ILN's assets, to prohibit it from
accepting funds from new investors, and to require it to return all monies it
has deposited abroad.

The judge also ordered profits to be returned to investors.

"We have been working with the federal government on the investigation,"
Attorney General Lacy Thornburg said. "The feds moved rather quickly on it.
That's about all I can say right now."

ILN workers at the company's Raleigh office refused to answer any questions
Friday. Company literature says there are representatives in Durham, Rocky
Mount, Wilson and Fayetteville. Repeated calls to the company's Maryland
headquarters went unanswered.

The SEC complaint named ILN President Melvin J. Ford, a North Carolina native
and former encyclopedia salesman, and ILN Vice President Odell Mundey as the
chief architects of the alleged fraud scheme in which money from new investors
is used to pay old investors.

The SEC alleges the company's only income came from recruiting investors, thus
making for an elaborate pyramid scheme. Pyramid schemes, which are illegal, can
yield large returns for those who join early, but they eventually collapse under
their own weight.

Additionally, investigators say ILN fraudulently promised investors as much as a
500 percent return on their money within six months and misled its members by
offering a variety of services ranging from financial advice and college aid to
grocery coupons that were essentially worthless.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Arizona: Alabama Man Convicted in Scheme to Defraud Military Subcontractor

LENGTH: 680  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

After 11 days of trial, a federal jury convicted an employee of Day and
Zimmerman, International (D&Z), a large, multi-national company specializing in
construction, engineering, and security for leading corporations and govenments
around the world, of eight counts of wire fraud. The employee engaged in two
schemes in which he attempted to fraudulently obtain almost $650,000.

Wifredo A. Ferrer, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida,
George L. Piro, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI),
Miami Field Office, John F. Khin, Special Agent in Charge, Defense Criminal
Investigative Service (DCIS), and Frank Robey, Director, Major Procurement Fraud
Unit (MPFU), U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Command, made the announcement.

According to evidence presented at trial, in the first scheme, Stanley P.
Phillips, 48, of Dothan, Alabama, used his position as a construction foreman on
a D&Z project to build a chemical plant in Pace, Florida, to steal more than
$35,000. Phillips did so by convincing AWA Fabrication and Construction, LLC, a
family-owned vendor company that supplied certain piping materials to D&Z, to
"hire" a company called Royal Global Services, LLC to install the piping being
supplied. In fact, the installation was done by D&Z employees, and Royal Global
Services, LLC was a shell company solely owned by the Phillips.

In the second scheme, Phillips, acting as the construction/site manager for a
D&Z project to build a Weak Acetic Acid Recovery Facility Plant (WAARP) at the
Holston Army Ammunition Plant in Kingsport, Tennessee, attempted to steal more
than $600,000. Phillips did so by convincing a family-owned sub-contractor
company called HSIII to "hire" a company called RGS Professional Services, LLC
(RGSPS) to ostensibly do work on behalf of HSIII on the WAARP Project. In fact,
Phillips was the 51% owner of RGSPS, which was actually a nursing registry not
capable of providing any services on the WAARP Project.

Monies from both schemes were deposited into an account in the name of RGS, LLC,
which was a separate company Phillips' controlled but which had been opened in
the name of his girlfriend. She was told that the monies were being deposited
because Phillips' was on the secret payroll of Senator Ron Johnson of Wisconsin,
and that the money from AWA and HSIII were repayments of loans made to them by
Senator Johnson. Phillips maintained the trust of his girlfriend and others by
telling them about his association with Senator Johnson, his work for the FBI,
his background as a nuclear engineer, and his exploits as part of a secret
military team who extracted General Noriega from the jungles of South America.
None of this was true. Phillips stipulated that he had no association with any
senators of any kind, and no law enforcement connections. He was in fact a high
school graduate who had completed two entry level navigation classes while in
the Coast Guard. He was discharged in 1986 after only two years because of
sleepwalking. Operation Just Cause, in which General Noriega was retrieved, took
place in 1989/1990.

Phillips is scheduled to be sentenced on February 20, 2014, at 4:00 p.m. before
U.S. District Judge Beth Bloom, in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. At sentencing, he
faces a maximum term of 160 years' imprisonment, plus supervised release,
restitution and a fine.

Mr. Ferrer commended the investigative efforts of the FBI, DCIS, and the U.S.
Army Criminal Investigation Command's MPFU. This case is being prosecuted by
Assistant U.S. Attorney Carolyn Bell.

A copy of this press release may be found on the website of the United States
Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida at
www.usdoj.gov/usao/fls. Related court documents and information may be found on
the website of the District Court for the Southern District of Florida at
www.flsd.uscourts.gov or on http://pacer.flsd.uscourts.gov.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                             August 28, 2005 Sunday
                                  City Edition

OSU's defensive scheme hinges on aggressiveness

BYLINE: Mike Baldwin, Staff Writer

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 399 words

DATELINE: STILLWATER


There's a stark contrast between new Oklahoma State defensive coordinator Vance
Bedford and Bill Clay, the Cowboys' former defensive boss.

Having spent the past six seasons in the NFL, Bedford has installed a
traditional, attacking three-linebacker scheme.

Clay, a longtime college veteran, used a two linebacker, five-defensive back
scheme based on reading and reacting.

So did Bedford adjust to players he inherited or did he plan to install his plan
regardless?

"It's a combination of both," Bedford said. "You have to know what the players
do well to be successful. Our scheme is 4-3 (four defensive linemen, three
linebackers), but we're going to be multiple. We'll always play to players'
strengths. For example, the linebackers will be our strength so we could run
some 3-4 (three defensive linemen, four linebackers) to get four linebackers on
the field at the same time."

How often?

"It's like going to a birthday party," Bedford said. "It will be a surprise."

Similar to offensive coordinator Larry Fedora's keep-opponents-guessing
strategy, Bedford said his game plans will be diverse. One thing is certain: The
Cowboys will be aggressive.

"No doubt," Bedford said. "We want to turn guys loose. I told these guys when I
got here everybody on defense will have an opportunity to make a play. We're not
going to let a defensive lineman get double-teamed the whole game. If all 11
guys make plays consistently, we'll have a successful defense."

Players have bought into Bedford's philosophy. It's easy to get excited when
your new boss, a former defensive backs coach with the Chicago Bears, sometimes
bounces around practice like a kid on a sugar high.

"He wants us to get after people," said safety Jamie Thompson. "Teams are going
to have to prepare for us. Right off they'll know we'll be aggressive."

OSU's defensive line and secondary will be young, and holes abound due to
dismissals, graduations and the offseason death of safety Vernon Grant. A
veteran group of linebackers, led by seniors Paul Duren, Lawrence Pinson,
Pagitte McGee and Jamar Ransom, will be counted on to make tackles, sometimes
blitz quarterbacks and provide pass coverage over the middle.

"We love this new defense," Duren said. "We don't have to sit and wait and play
two gaps. We basically have one gap. That's a big key. It allows you to attack
more. If you miss (a tackle), it's not out of the gate. This defense is set up
to be aggressive and make plays."



LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: 2005 FOOTBALL PREVIEW SPECIAL SECTION

GRAPHIC: Defensive coordinator Vance Bedford, former defensive backs coach for
the Chicago Bears, will bring a 4-3 scheme and an aggressive attack to the OSU
defense. - BY NATE BILLINGS, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      APRIL 6, 2001 Friday CITY-D EDITION

AN OLD CON GAME'S NEW TARGET: WOMEN

BYLINE: Amy Worden INQUIRER HARRISBURG BUREAU

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 987 words

DATELINE: HARRISBURG


An old con game has surfaced in Pennsylvania with a new twist: women cheating
women.

The reasonable-sounding sales pitch of a standard pyramid scheme - invest a few
thousands dollars now and you'll be rewarded soon - has the added allure of
empowering women by helping other women achieve financial independence.

Pyramid schemes, illegal operations built on the recruitment of legions of
"investors," have been around for decades. Some masquerade as religious causes;
others turn up in schools or workplaces. This latest one has been reported in
numerous states, from Maine to Washington.

Since early March, a dozen women, most from the Philadelphia area, have reported
having been solicited by pyramids operating under such titles as Women Helping
Women, a common name among advocacy groups.

"The come-on is, 'We're women helping other women make money,' " Barbara Petito,
a spokeswoman for Attorney General Mike Fisher, said.

There have been no arrests, but the incidents are under investigation, according
to the Attorney General's Office.

Petito said that a few women had lost money but that most had only been
solicited. Most of the victims who have called the Attorney General's Office
have declined to give their names, she added.

The schemes lure participants by promising to turn a $5,000 investment into
$40,000 within eight to 10 weeks. While they may pop up in different parts of
Pennsylvania, they are probably loosely connected and the primary promoters may
live elsewhere, Petito said.

"They spread by word of mouth," she said. "Promoters are constantly looking for
new recruits and telling people to call everyone they know."

Earlier reports of women-only pyramid schemes emerged in the late 1990s. Since
then, hundreds of women across the country have plunked down hundreds of
thousands of dollars in a type of scheme that prosecutors say exploits their
insecurities about investing while promising huge returns and financial
independence.

Most distressing to prosecutors and leaders of legitimate investing clubs is the
scheme's appeal to women's empowerment.

"I'm shocked and sad," said Charlotte Gaal of Cherry Hill, who has been involved
in the all-women NJ Centsible Investment Club for three years.

"We all put in our money and make investments, but the empowerment issue is the
same," Gaal, a lawyer with the state Commission on Investigation, said. "One of
our goals is to empower others. This is a real issue personally."

Petito said the pyramids, also known as "gifting clubs," have turned up here
under such common names as Wild Women and A Women's Project. (New Jersey
officials said they have received no complaints about women-only pyramids.)

A pyramid, also know as a Ponzi scheme, is a scam in which large numbers of
people at the bottom pay money to a few at the top. Each pays for the chance to
advance to the top and profit from the payments of those who join later.

In order to advance, however, they must bring in new recruits. The pyramid
crumbles when people fail to send in their money or to recruit others. The
majority of those on the bottom lose their investments.

While some large-scale pyramids are heavily advertised and draw thousands to
public meetings, the women-only schemes are more intimate. Participants are
recruited by friends and neighbors.

In some states, they are called the Original Dinner Party or the Dinner Party,
with participants advancing from the "appetizer" to the "dessert" course, where
the payoff supposedly awaits.

"These schemes prey on affinity groups, whether church or at work," said James
Kohm, assistant director of marketing practice for the Federal Trade Commission.
"They tend to pop up in different areas at different times. Eventually, they
exhaust the group and move on."

The Attorney General's Office of Washington, which has been investigating
women-only pyramids since 1999, is pursuing civil lawsuits against 12 promoters.

"It's very widespread," Owen Clarke, a senior assistant attorney general, said.
"The Original Dinner Party is still operating in eastern Washington."

In Pennsylvania, any pyramid that requires more than a $25 investment is a
violation of the consumer-protection law. Promoters can face civil and criminal
penalties, including jail time and fines of up to $3,000 per violation. In
addition, money obtained through the pyramid must be returned.

Difficulty in finding the source of the pyramid or witnesses willing to talk is
among the reasons that such cases prove tough to prosecute, Petito said.

"It's more difficult to prove intent when someone says they got involved because
they couldn't afford their heart medicine," she said. "Also, people don't
contact us because they are embarrassed or because they don't want to turn in a
family member."

"By definition," Clarke said, "the victims are also the perpetrators, albeit
sometimes unwitting perpetrators."

People tend to fall for these schemes because they want to believe that they can
make money quickly and easily.

"People do make money, if they're in early," Clarke said. "They trust and
believe their friends and get so caught up in that idea of women's attaining
financial independence that they don't look at the reality of it."

Amy Worden's e-mail address is aworden@phillynews.com.

How to Recognize a Pyramid Scheme

It promises a high return in a short time.

No products or services are sold.

It requires a substantial up-front investment.

How to Protect Yourself

Take time to evaluate the business.

Ask questions about the company's officers, products, and start-up fees.

Get written copies of all company literature.

Consult with people who have had experience with the company.

Investigate and verify all information.

To file a complaint or find out if any action has been taken against a company,
call the Pennsylvania Attorney General's Consumer Protection Hotline at
1-800-441-2555.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Florida Resident Pleads Guilty to Conspiracy in Connection with Jamaican Based
Lottery Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 689  words


Cassandra Althea Palmer, a resident of Florida, pleaded guilty for her role in a
Jamaican-based fraudulent lottery scheme, the Department of Justice announced
today.

Palmer, 33, pleaded guilty before U.S. District Court Judge Marcia G. Cooke in
the Southern District of Florida to one count of conspiracy to commit mail and
wire fraud in connection with a fraudulent lottery scheme.

An Information was filed on Oct. 26, charging Palmer with conspiracy to commit
mail and wire fraud.

The Justice Department is committed to combatting international lottery fraud
schemes preying on innocent Americans, said Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Benjamin C. Mizer, head of the Justice Departments Civil Division.  The
help of a co-conspirator in the United States makes it easier for these
international fraud schemes to succeed.  We will continue to investigate and
often prosecute individuals residing in the United States or abroad when they
commit fraud against Americans.

As part of her guilty plea, Palmer agreed that, had the case gone to trial, the
United States would have proved the following facts beyond a reasonable doubt:
In February 2014, a woman from Worcester County, Maryland, was contacted by an
individual in Jamaica and told that she had won a multi-million dollar lottery
prize, and that in order to collect her lottery prize, she first had to pay
taxes and fees.  The victim did not win a lottery prize and would not collect
any winnings.  Palmer knew about the fraud scheme and agreed with her
co-conspirator in Jamaica to participate in the scheme.  Palmer participated in
the fraudulent scheme in a number of ways. Among other things, she worked with
her co-conspirator in Jamaica, to recruit a friend in Maryland to receive $7,500
of the victims money.  She and her friend kept a portion of the money, and
Palmer wire transferred the rest to her Jamaican co-conspirator.

The fraudulent scheme ended when law enforcement officials learned of the fraud.
Officials set up a sting, in which an undercover police officer posed as the
victim and met Palmers friend at a fast food restaurant parking lot in Maryland.
The purpose of the meeting was for the victim to hand over $32,500 in cash to
Palmers friend in order for the victim to claim her purported lottery winnings.
Law enforcement arrested Palmers friend on the spot, after she received $32,500
in cash from the officer.

Palmer faces a statutory maximum punishment of 20 years in prison, and a fine of
$250,000 or twice the gross gain or loss resulting from the offense.  Palmer
must also pay restitution to the victim.  Palmers sentencing is scheduled for
March 22, 2017.

The U.S. Postal Inspection Service is dedicated as part of its mission to ensure
that these types of predatory schemes are investigated aggressively, said U.S.
Postal Inspector in Charge Antonio J. Gomez of the Miami Division.  It is
imperative that we continue to work with our partners, both domestically and
internationally, to protect our citizens who fall prey to these schemes so that
the U.S. mail isnt used in furtherance of them.

This prosecution is part of the Department of Justices effort to work with
federal and local law enforcement to combat fraudulent lottery schemes in
Jamaica that prey on American citizens.  According to the U.S. Postal Inspection
Service, Americans have lost tens of millions of dollars to fraudulent foreign
lotteries.

Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Mizer commended the U.S. Postal
Inspection Service, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and the Maryland
State Police, who conducted the investigation, as well as the U.S. Attorneys
Office for the Southern District of Florida.  The case was prosecuted by Trial
Attorney David A. Frank and Counsel Melanie Singh of the Civil Divisions
Consumer Protection Branch.

For more information about the Consumer Protection Branch, visit its website at
http://www.justice.gov /civil/consumer-protection-branch.  For more information
about the U.S. Attorneys Office for the Southern District of Florida, visit its
website at https://www.justice.gov /usao-sdfl. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

Washington: CEO and Managing Director of U.S. Broker-Dealer Plead Guilty to
Massive International Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 1127  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The former chief executive officer and former managing director of a U.S.
broker-dealer (the Broker-Dealer), pleaded guilty to bribery charges arising
from their scheme to pay bribes to Maria De Los Angeles Gonzalez De Hernandez,
who was a senior official in Venezuela's state economic development bank, Banco
de Desarrollo Económico y Social de Venezuela (Bandes), in return for trading
business that generated more than $60 million in commissions.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division and U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara of the Southern District of
New York made the announcement.

"Benito Chinea and Joseph DeMeneses are the fifth and sixth defendants to plead
guilty in connection with this far-reaching bribery scheme, which ranged from
Wall Street to the streets of Caracas," said Assistant Attorney General
Caldwell. "The guilty pleas and the forfeiture of assets once again demonstrate
that the Department is committed to holding corporate executives who engage in
foreign bribery individually accountable and to deny them the proceeds of their
corruption."

According to the allegations in the indictment and other documents previously
filed in Manhattan federal court:

Benito Chinea, 48, of Manalapan, New Jersey, and Joseph De Meneses, 45, of
Fairfield, Connecticut, working with others, arranged the bribe payments to
Gonzalez in exchange for her directing Bandes's financial trading business to
the Broker-Dealer. Previously, Gonzalez, along with two employees of the
Broker-Dealer, Tomas Alberto Clarke Bethancourt ("Clarke") and Jose Alejandro
Hurtado ("Hurtado"), pleaded guilty for their involvement in this bribery scheme
. A managing director of the Broker-Dealer, Ernesto Lujan ("Lujan"), also
pleaded guilty for his role in the scheme.

Background on the Broker-Dealer and Bandes

At all times relevant to the charges, Chinea was the chief executive officer and
De Meneses was a managing director in the Broker-Dealer, which was headquartered
in New York, New York, with offices in Miami, Florida. In 2008, the
Broker-Dealer established a group called the Global Markets Group, which
included De Meneses, Lujan, and Clarke, and which offered fixed income trading
services to institutional clients. One of the Broker-Dealer's clients was
Bandes, which operated under the direction of the Venezuelan Ministry of
Finance. The Venezuelan government had a majority ownership interest in Bandes
and provided it with substantial funding. Gonzalez was an official at Bandes and
oversaw the development bank's overseas trading activity. At her direction,
Bandes conducted substantial trading through the Broker-Dealer. Most of the
trades executed by the Broker-Dealer on behalf of Bandes involved fixed income
investments for which the Broker-Dealer charged Bandes a mark-up on purchases
and a mark-down on sales.

The Bribery Scheme

As alleged in court documents, from late 2008 through 2012, Chinea and De
Meneses, together with three Miami-based Broker-Dealer employees, Lujan, Clarke
and Hurtado, participated in a bribery scheme in which Gonzalez directed trading
business she controlled at Bandes to the Broker-Dealer, and in return, agents
and employees of the Broker-Dealer split the revenue the Broker-Dealer generated
from this trading business with Gonzalez. During this time period, the
Broker-Dealer generated over $60 million in commissions from trades with Bandes.

In order to conceal their conduct, Chinea, De Meneses and their co-conspirators
routed the payments to Gonzalez, frequently in six-figure amounts, through
third-parties posing as "foreign finders" and into offshore bank accounts. In
several instances, Chinea personally signed checks worth millions of dollars
that were made payable to one of these purported "foreign finders" and later
deposited in a Swiss bank account.

As further alleged in court documents, as a result of the bribery scheme, Bandes
quickly became the Broker-Dealer's most profitable customer. As the relationship
continued, however, Gonzalez became increasingly unhappy about the untimeliness
of the payments due her from the Broker-Dealer, and she threatened to suspend
Bandes's business. In response, De Meneses and Clarke agreed to pay Gonzalez
approximately $1.5 million from their personal funds. Chinea and De Meneses
agreed to use Broker-Dealer funds to reimburse De Meneses and Clarke for these
bribe payments. To conceal their true nature, Chinea and De Meneses agreed to
hide these reimbursements in the Broker-Dealer's books as sham loans from the
Broker-Dealer to corporate entities associated with De Meneses and Clarke.

Chinea and De Meneses each pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Denise L.
Cote of the Southern District of New York to one count of conspiracy to violate
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the Travel Act. Chinea and De Meneses have
also agreed to pay $3,636,432 and $2,670,612 in forfeiture, respectively, which
amounts represent their earnings from the bribery scheme. Sentencing hearings
are scheduled for March 27, 2015.

Today's announcement is part of efforts underway by President Obama's Financial
Fraud Enforcement Task Force (FFETF) which was created in November 2009 to wage
an aggressive, coordinated and proactive effort to investigate and prosecute
financial crimes. With more than 20 federal agencies, 94 U.S. Attorneys' offices
and state and local partners, it is the broadest coalition of law enforcement,
investigatory and regulatory agencies ever assembled to combat fraud. Since its
formation, the task force has made great strides in facilitating increased
investigation and prosecution of financial crimes; enhancing coordination and
cooperation among federal, state and local authorities; addressing
discrimination in the lending and financial markets and conducting outreach to
the public, victims, financial institutions and other organizations. For more
information on the task force, visit www.stopfraud.gov.

This case is being investigated by the FBI, and prosecuted Senior Deputy Chief
James Koukios of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and Assistant U.S.
Attorneys Harry A. Chernoff and Jason H. Cowley of the Southern District of New
York. Assistant U.S. Attorney Carolina Fornos of the Southern District of New
York is responsible for the forfeiture aspects of the case. The U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission also assisted with this investigation.

Additional information about the Justice Department's FCPA enforcement efforts
can be found at www.justice.gov/criminal/fraud/fcpa.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

California: Attorney General Kamala D. Harris Secures $15 Million in Relief for
Victims of Bernie Madoff Ponzi Scheme Feeder Fund

LENGTH: 538 words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: Department of Justice, The State of California has issued the
following news release:



 Attorney General Kamala D. Harris today announced a $15 million settlement
securing restitution for Californians who invested money with Beverly
Hills-based investment adviser Stanley Chais, money that he then funneled into
Bernard Madoff's notorious Ponzi scheme.


 Chais was responsible for one of the largest operations channeling money
directly to Bernard Madoff, violating California's consumer protection and
corporate securities laws.  He deceived his clients, many of whom were elderly,
into paying him substantial fees, claiming he was actively managing their money
while in actuality turning their investments over to Madoff.  As a result, many
lost their life savings when Madoff's fraudulent scheme was ultimately exposed
in late 2008.
 "For over 30 years, Stanley Chais unscrupulously defrauded Californians, many
of them elderly, by taking their life savings, charging steep fees, and
funneling their money to Bernie Madoff's elaborate Ponzi scheme," said Attorney
General Harris.  "This settlement will help recover the losses suffered by
victims who were cheated by Chais, many of whom lost everything."
 The settlement agreement, which was submitted today for approval in the United
States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York, resolves
litigation first filed by then Attorney General Edmund G. Brown Jr. against
Stanley Chais in Los Angeles Superior Court over seven years ago.
 Chais passed away in 2010 and all of his remaining assets, including his
estate, will also be forfeited as part of a separate agreement that will be
filed simultaneously by the court-appointed trustee for the liquidation of
Madoff's investment firm.
 Victims who are eligible for restitution will receive claim information at
their last known address following approval of the settlement.  In addition,
individuals who invested money with Stanley Chais and have questions about
whether they are eligible to receive restitution may also contact the
restitution administrator at 888-369-8915.
 Attorney General Harris has worked tirelessly to protect California consumers
and hold accountable those who prey on innocent victims for profit.
 In 2014, Attorney General Harris along Sonoma County District Attorney Jill
Ravitch announced that Aldo Joseph Baccala, who ran a predatory Ponzi scheme
that defrauded victims of more than $17 million, was sentenced to 20 years in
state prison and ordered to pay a fine of $6.4 million.
 In 2013, Attorney General Harris announced a 42-year prison sentence for James
Koenig, a Northern California man who ran a Ponzi scheme that defrauded more
than 400 investors, most of them elderly, out of more than $90 million.
 In 2011, Attorney General Harris oversaw the case that found William Arthur
Sassman II, the mastermind of a multi-million dollar Ponzi scheme, guilty of 13
felony counts of grand theft.  Sassman was sentenced to 18 years in prison for
stealing the life savings of dozens of investors to bankroll his lavish
lifestyle and finance his own investments.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                              May 22, 2015 Friday

Man gets single day in jail

BYLINE: SCOTT SCHWEBKE STAFF writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 469 words

DATELINE: SANTA ANA



HIGHLIGHT: Adam Boskovich recruited investors for someone else, unaware that it
was a scam, prosecutors say.


 A Laguna Niguel man has received a one-day jail sentence for recruiting
investors in a $150 million Ponzi scheme described by prosecutors as the largest
of its kind in Orange County.

As part of an earlier plea agreement, Orange County Superior Court Judge
Margaret Anderson on Tuesday reduced a single felony count against Adam Jay
Boskovich to a misdemeanor.

Boskovich, 45, was initially charged with 32 felony counts of the use of false
statements in the purchase or sale of a security with a sentencing enhancement
allegation for causing more than $100,000 in losses.

Boskovich would have faced a maximum sentence of 45 years in prison if convicted
on those charges.

He could not be reached for comment Thursday.

On May 5, Boskovich pleaded guilty to a single felony count of unlawfully
selling unqualified securities, according to Senior Deputy District Attorney
Marc Labreche.

In a deal with prosecutors, the felony count was reduced to a misdemeanor after
Boskovich repaid about 50 investors as part of a civil settlement.

He recruited investors for the Ponzi scheme's accused mastermind Gerard Frank
Cellette, formerly of Anoka County, Minn.

Boskovich was sentenced to a day in jail, which he had already served after his
arrest in 2013. He has also been placed on five years of probation.

Although Boskovich was unaware of the Ponzi scheme, he lied to clients, telling
them he had fully vetted Cellette's operation, Labreche said.

Paul S. Meyer, Boskovich's attorney who is based in Costa Mesa, said he
appreciates the prosecution's review of the case.

"Mr. Boskovich also invested his own money and his family's money into what he
thought was a good investment," Meyer said Thursday. "He lost his money along
with the investors. Restitution was paid and no additional restitution is
owing."

Meyer declined to disclose the amount of money lost by Boskovich or the
restitution paid to investors.

Boskovich received a plea deal because some victims refused to cooperate,
fearing that would adversely impact a related civil suit and due to delays that
led to statute of limitation issues, Labreche said.

Boskovich recruited investors from among fellow members of his country club as
well as family and friends, he added.

Cellette, 50, is currently being held in the Orange County Jail on $21 million
bond on more than 300 criminal counts in the suspected $150 million Ponzi scheme
.

Of the $150 million, $17 million came from the investors Boskovich recruited,
Labreche added.

Cellette is accused of using proceeds from the Ponzi scheme to purchase luxury
personal items including cars, time on private jets and multiple homes.

According to prosecutors, Cellette operated the Ponzi scheme in California,
Minnesota, Georgia, Arizona, Colorado, Hawaii and Illinois.

A trial setting conference for Cellette is set for July 17.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bears' Tucker seeks payoff, not praise

BYLINE: Tom Pelissero, @TomPelissero, USA TODAY Sports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 631 words


Chicago Bears defensive coordinator Mel Tucker is a coaching chameleon, defined
by his ability to adapt to whatever scheme is thrown at him rather than the
other way around.

So it was no surprise he decided to learn former Bears coach Lovie Smith's
successful scheme and terminology upon arrival at Halas Hall in January, even if
it meant cutting into any credit he might receive for what happens on the field.

After all, if the unit remains one of the NFL's best in 2013, some inevitably
will refer to it as "Lovie's defense."

And if the unit slips -- well, the refrain might be "Mel's no Lovie."

"Those things never cross my mind. They really haven't," Tucker, 41, told USA
TODAY Sports. "That's just not a part of what I think is important, in terms of
doing what we think is best, to put these guys in the best positions to be
effective.

"At the end of the day, it's going to be what it's going to be. I would be
totally happy with the Bears having great success and my name never being
mentioned."

A  defensive back in college, Tucker got his first coaching job in 1997 as a
graduate assistant at Michigan State under Nick Saban, who ran a 4-3 defense
with over and under fronts. Tucker coached defensive backs in a different 4-3
scheme at Miami (Ohio) in 1999, then held the same job at  LSU for one season
under Saban and four at Ohio State under Saban disciple Mark Dantonio.

But Tucker broke into the NFL coaching defensive backs in 2005 with the
Cleveland Browns, who ran a 3-4 scheme mixing Bill Belichick concepts (through
coach Romeo Crennel) and a Dom Capers/Vic Fangio fire-zone attack (through
defensive coordinator Todd Grantham).

In 2009, Tucker joined the Jacksonville Jaguars under  coach Jack Del Rio, a
former NFL linebacker whose 4-3 influences ranged from Tony Dungy to John Fox.

"When I look at a defensive scheme," Tucker said, "to me, they all make sense."

Now Tucker is incorporating elements from all those stops into a Bears defense
defined for nine years by the Tampa 2 concepts Smith honed under Dungy with the
Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the late 1990s.

Among other things, the Bears have tested a variety of blitz packages and
experimented with rushing linemen out of two-point stances while building a
library Tucker feels comfortable having them execute when it matters.

"He's going to take some of things we did last year well, and he's going to take
some of the things we messed up on and improve it," defensive tackle Henry
Melton said. "He's not going to go and do any drastic changes, because we were a
very good defense."

Under Smith, who was fired after missing the playoffs for the fifth time in six
years despite a 10-6 record in 2012, the Bears ranked fifth in total yards
allowed and eighth against both the run and pass last season.

They also led the NFL with 44 takeaways (24 interceptions, 20 fumble recoveries)
and scored nine touchdowns, one shy of the  record for a defense.

Middle linebacker Brian Urlacher is gone, but Pro Bowlers Melton, end Julius
Peppers, linebacker Lance Briggs and cornerbacks Charles Tillman and Tim
Jennings return.

The results have been much the same.

Through three preseason games, the Bears are tied for the NFL lead with seven
interceptions and five fumble recoveries in Lovie's, er, Tucker's scheme.

"What you have to decide is how much or how little of that you're going to do,
because it's a game of execution, it's a game of proficiency," Tucker said.

"It's a game of, how many times can I call a certain defense and we can (have)
11 guys on the same page? If you can do that, you're going to be successful.

"You're never completely satisfied ever with anything. But overall, I think that
it's a net positive in terms of the ground that we've covered so far.

"We're very early in the game here. We'll keep on plugging away."

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Nam Y. Huh, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           November 8, 2008 Saturday

Investigation continues into scheme

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 449 words


Frank Vennes Jr., a former Bismarck resident, has been linked to Thomas J.
Petters, a prominent Minneapolis-area businessman and philanthropist, who has
been charged in a $2 billion scheme to defraud investors.

Petters and an associate have been charged with mail fraud, wire fraud,
money-laundering and obstruction of justice; Vennes remains under investigation.

Another person under investigation described Petters' transactions as a "Ponzi
scheme." Vennes served as a broker for Petters, obtaining up to $1.5 billion in
venture capital from five investors for Petters Co. Inc., a division of Petters
Group Worldwide. Vennes reportedly received $28 million in commissions.

It has been reported that Petters and his associates claimed ownership in
electronic goods it purchased at wholesale prices and then resold to retailers.
An affidavit in the investigation states the company didn't own the goods and
the records of their sale to retailers were falsified. The affidavit also claims
authorities recorded Petters "repeatedly" admitting his company was providing
false documents.

Vennes was once a pawnbroker in Bismarck who pleaded guilty in 1987 to money
laundering and drug charges and served a prison term. He reportedly sued several
unnamed FBI agents after his prison release, alleging they had coerced and
entrapped him into committing crimes by claimed they were investors, and then
later claiming underworld connections, threatening to kill Vennes and his family
unless he committed crimes. The suit was dismissed.

Vennes recently received approval from a U.S. District judge for the sale of a
three-bedroom house in Bismarck. He paid $160,000 for the 2,712-square-foot home
in 2005, and it sold for $155,000. Net proceeds of $138,896 will be paid to a
receiver overseeing Vennes' property until the investigation is resolved.

The same situation applies to a Florida property Vennes sold, with $1,384,074 in
profit being paid to the receiver.

Vennes has served as a trustee at a Minneapolis college and is on the board of
Minnesota Teen Challenge.

The Minneapolis Star-Tribune reported that Vennes, 50, is a "multimillionaire
philanthropist who runs numerous companies and has major land holdings in
Minnesota and Florida. In his spare time, he gave inspirational talks to
prisoners about how he'd left behind a life of crime to become a success."

It also was reported that Vennes' $4 million Minneapolis suburb home was one of
nine sites raided by federal agents, and that public records indicate Vennes is
CEO of four Minnesota companies: Metro Gem Inc. (corporate finance), Metro Gold
Inc. (rare coins), Metro Capital (commercial real estate) and Resort Ventures
(residential real estate).

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

As wedding season heats up, Uber rolls out UberWEDDINGS scheme in Delhi,
Bengaluru, other cities;
Online-cab aggregator Uber has partnered WedMeGood, a wedding planner website
that aims to provide transportation management solutions during weddings. The
post As wedding season heats up, Uber rolls out UberWEDDINGS scheme in Delhi,
Bengaluru, other c...

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 299  words


Online-cab aggregator Uber has partnered WedMeGood, a wedding planner website
that aims to provide transportation management solutions during weddings.

Online-cab aggregator Uber has partnered WedMeGood, a wedding planner website
that aims to provide transportation management solutions during weddings. The
launch of UberWEDDINGS has been implemented in 12 cities across the country so
that passengers can avail convenient and cashless mobility solutions. This
scheme will be active till February, 2017 in New Delhi, Ahmedabad, Bengaluru,
Chandigarh, Chennai, Hyderabad, Jaipur, Kolkata, Ludhiana, Pune, Udaipur and
Lucknow. This UberWEDDINGS scheme has already been experimented in US, that
includes premier cities like New York, Los Angeles, Washington DC, San Francisco
and Boston.

Uber India's Prabhjeet Singh said, "Weddings in India are an elaborate affair,
often spanning month-long planning celebrations. they bring in the logistical
challenge of coordination and managing commuting needs".

As per the Uber scheme, prior to the wedding, hosts can specifically buy promo
codes based on the number of Uber rides on a dedicated page on the WedMeGood
website. These codes can be used as an extension to invite guests to enjoy free
rides during pre-marriage preparations. The hosts will then be able to keep a
track of their guests' travel expenses too without a fuss via UberWEDDINGS.
These promo codes can be customised with the host's name or their wedding
hashtag.

With demonetisation increasingly leading people to go for digital payments, the
cashless aspect of the Uber scheme is a highlight and may serve as a significant
lure for those who want to avoid payments hassles.

Estimates suggest that weddings in India generally involve expenditures of as
much as a mammoth $40 bn in totality.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                          November 21, 2012 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

SEC;
Feds allege pair ran $15M scheme

BYLINE: J. Scott Trubey; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 338 words



HIGHLIGHT: Judge orders former Cumming woman's assets frozen.


Federal regulators filed a civil complaint this week against two individuals,
including a former metro Atlanta woman, accused of running a more than $15
million investment scheme that guaranteed hefty annual returns in a
"clandestine" European investment.

Dianne Alexander, 70, formerly of Cumming, and Billy Wayne McClintock, 70 of
Bradenton, Fla., are accused of recruiting more than 220 investors across 20
states, but mostly in Georgia, according to a complaint filed Monday by the
Securities and Exchange Commission in U.S. District Court in Atlanta.

A federal judge also ordered frozen Alexander and McClintock's assets, as well
as the assets of three companies associated with them. The extent of investors'
losses is not clear.

"It's very sensitive," said Darryl Cohen, an attorney for Alexander. "I think it
is a typical SEC complaint and the civil charges are very serious and we are
dealing with them along with negotiating with the SEC." He declined further
comment.

Attempts to reach McClintock were not immediately successful.

The so-called "prime bank" scheme, a style of Ponzi scheme, used proceeds from
new investors to pay off old ones and allegedly operated since at least 2004,
the SEC said in the complaint.

Alexander, who also went by the name Linda and now lives in Carlsbad, Calif.,
allegedly told investors to ignore the old saw that something too good to be
true probably is, calling it ""A lie that came from the pit of hell."

The suit claims Alexander told investors: "Put your money in the Trust and your
trust in God."

The SEC said Alexander and McClintock told investors they were making loans to
"the Trust," and could expect 38 percent annual returns if they followed secrecy
rules.

The purported investment organization owned European banks and was controlled by
wealthy Europeans, and only friends and family members of Trust members could
know about it.

The SEC said McClintock and Alexander were friends for many years, and he
recruited Alexander as an investor in the Trust and ultimately as a director.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2012 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             June 26, 2010 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

BIZ BITS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A07

LENGTH: 489 words


SEC attempts to block alleged Ponzi scheme

WASHINGTON - The government said Friday it obtained a court order to halt an
alleged $34 million Ponzi scheme targeting federal employees and law enforcement
agents nationwide with promises of safe investments in a nonexistent bond fund.

The Securities and Exchange Commission said the order issued Thursday by a
federal judge in Miami also froze the assets of the estate of the late Kenneth
Wayne McLeod, his consulting firm Federal Employee Benefits Group of
Jacksonville, Fla., and an affiliated investment firm. The SEC alleged that
McLeod and the firms defrauded an estimated 260 investors starting in 1988.

McLeod used their retirement savings to enrich himself and pay for lavish
entertainment including yearly trips to the Super Bowl for himself and 40
friends, the SEC said in a civil complaint filed Thursday in federal court in
Miami.

McLeod, who was 48 and lived in Jacksonville, died Tuesday. His body reportedly
was found in a Jacksonville park with an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Following his death, it is unclear who, if anyone, is in control of the two
firms, the SEC said.

Jury awards patient $8 million from Merck

TRENTON, N.J. - Drugmaker Merck & Co. said it will challenge its first loss in a
trial blaming its osteoporosis drug for destroying a patient's jawbone after a
federal jury on Friday awarded $8 million to the Florida woman.

The U.S. District Court jury in New York awarded that amount in compensatory
damages to Shirley Boles, 72, of Fort Walton, Fla., who alleged Merck's Fosamax
destroyed her jawbone near her ears, causing serious pain and disability.

"She feels vindicated, absolutely vindicated," said her attorney, Timothy
O'Brien.

The three-week trial ended after nearly four hours of jury deliberations Friday.
Boles' first trial ended last September in a mistrial.

Merck attorney Paul Strain said Merck will challenge the decision. Strain plans
to file a motion on July 16 asking U.S. District Judge John Keenan to either
reverse the verdict, in Merck's favor, or set it aside and order a new trial. If
that fails, Strain plans to appeal to the Second Circuit Court of Appeals in
Manhattan.

In recall news

Toyota said Friday it will recall 17,000 Lexus luxury hybrids after testing
showed that fuel can spill during a rear-end crash. The Japanese automaker said
tests conducted for the National Traffic Highway Safety Administration found
that fuel leaked during a rear impact crash at 50 miles per hour on a 2010
HS250h sedan.

Kellogg Co. is voluntarily recalling about 28 million boxes of Apple Jacks, Corn
Pops, Froot Loops and Honey Smacks cereals because an unusual smell and flavor
from the packages' liners could make people ill, the company said Friday.
Kellogg said about 20 people complained about the cereals, including five who
reported nausea and vomiting. The company said the potential for serious health
problems is low.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           February 28, 2006 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

PONZI ONE OF THE MOST COLORFUL

BYLINE: Doug Moe

SECTION: FRONT; THE TALK; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 870 words


THE HEADLINE on an inside page of the local section of Sunday's Wisconsin State
Journal was a grabber: "117 lost $6.3 million in a Ponzi scheme."

The story out of Kenosha was written by Michael Burke of the Racine Journal
Times.

The story began: "Investor frauds and con games seem to be eternally with us.
They merely seem to transform from year to year.

"Sometimes they don't even do that.

"Proof of that came several years ago in Kenosha, where Kenneth Hackbarth was
convicted of massive fraud. He went to federal prison, but only after he had
bilked at least 117 people of $6.3 million or more.

"He did it using a scam invented in 1919, the Ponzi scheme. And it worked for
Hackbarth for about 15 years."

The story, which went on to describe the rise and fall of Hackbarth, a church
elder who defrauded his friends, relatives and parishioners, was a good one, but
Burke is mistaken about when the scam in question was invented.

The "Ponzi scheme" references a Boston businessman, Charles Ponzi, who is
probably the most famous con man of all time.

But as a lifelong student of the art of the con, I feel confident in saying that
the "Ponzi scheme" did not originate with Ponzi.

Canada's National Post made that point in a review last year of an excellent new
book, "Ponzi's Scheme: The True Story of a Financial Legend," by Boston
University journalism Professor Mitchell Zuckoff.

The Post noted: "Charles Ponzi was not the man who invented the scheme that
bears his name. Previously known as the Rob-Peter-to-Pay-Paul scam,' it was
around for decades prior to Ponzi's heyday."

Still, one can forgive Burke, the Racine reporter, since the term "Ponzi scheme"
is so prevalent that it's even in the Oxford English Dictionary, which provides
this definition: "A form of fraud in which belief in the success of a fictive
enterprise is fostered by payment of quick returns to first investors from money
invested by others."

I first came upon Ponzi 30 years ago, when the late Newsweek columnist Pete
Axthelm put him front and center in a piece titled, "Art of the Swindler."

At the time there was another new book out, "Ponzi! The Boston Swindler," by
Donald H. Dunn, and in writing about it, Axthelm captured the allure of the con
man: "I can understand the mystique," Axthelm wrote. "At a time when headlines
are dominated by boring corporate criminals who skirt campaign laws and bribe
foreign governments in the privacy of their boardrooms, there is an undeniable
charm in the independent, creative hustler who lives strictly by his wits and
the weaknesses of the suckers."

Axthelm provided this capsule of Ponzi's scheme: "Ponzi is best known for the
simple scheme that made him a multimillionaire in one year in 1920: he promised
a 50 percent return on 45-day notes and attracted new investors at such a
spiraling rate that he was able to pay off old notes with the fresh money that
kept pouring in. He had $15 million and control of a Boston bank before his
pyramid collapsed and he was ruined."

There's no denying the real damage done by such hustlers. "Ponzi portrayed
himself as a vaguely heroic, Robin Hood type," Axthelm wrote, "who was trying to
make fortunes for the little man despite opposition from greedy Establishment
bankers. The fact was that most of Ponzi's victims were little people who lost
their life savings."

Still, there's also no denying that most people who end up being burned by a con
artist are done in by their own less than best instincts -- a perceived
opportunity to get something for nothing, or at least a fantastic return on an
investment.

That was certainly the case in the instance of Clark "Pappy" Fry, a Necedah
farmer circa 1960 who claimed to have invented an "energy machine" that would
render gasoline and other fuels obsolete. A surprising, or maybe not so
surprising, number of people rushed to invest in Pappy's magic machine, and
eventually the authorities got interested. Fry's trial was held in federal court
in Madison and one of his victims -- Pappy would have called him an investor --
said from the witness stand, "I guess I was like everybody else. I hoped to get
something for nothing."

Fry went to prison, as did a Madison con man, Marion Roberts, who flashed across
the city like a comet for a few years in the 1960s. Roberts brought celebrities
like Mickey Mantle to town, chartered jets to fly to New York and Vegas, all on
the back of something called Foamalum, a foamed aluminum substance that Roberts
claimed would be used by NASA as a rocket re-entry shield. Roberts had a plant
on Fish Hatchery Road, and, before long, a date in court on charges of tax
evasion. He died broke in Texas in 1977.

That gave him one last thing in common with Charles Ponzi, the king of the cons,
who died in 1949. According to Zuckoff's new book, Ponzi, after serving a prison
sentence for his shenanigans in Boston, was deported to Italy.

He eventually relocated to Brazil, where his health failed and he wound up in
the charity ward of a hospital in Rio de Janeiro. When Ponzi died in that
hospital, of a blood clot in his brain, he had $75 to his name. It was enough to
bury him.

Heard something Moe should know? Call 252-6446, write PO Box 8060, Madison, WI
53708, or e-mail dmoe@madison.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           December 9, 2015 Wednesday

Oakland: Tracy subcontractor gets more than 5 years in prison for overbilling
scheme

BYLINE: Bay City News Service

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Solano; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 278 words


OAKLAND - A Tracy man was sentenced Monday to 70 months in federal prison in
connection with an overbilling scheme at the Suisun City office of a maintenance
and construction firm serving Bay Area refineries, federal prosecutors said
Tuesday.

Brian Federico, a 50-year-old concrete subcontractor, devised a scheme to
overbill Matrix Service Company in a scheme involving fake companies and
invoices and downstream kickbacks, prosecutors said.

He recruited three local managers from Matrix Service Company, including Kevin
Laney, the head of the company's Suisun City office, to approve the overinflated
invoices and submit false invoices to Federico's subcontracting firm, and then
directed them in how to distribute the gains, prosecutors said.

Federico collected around $875,000 through the scheme, and Laney around
$412,000.

Matrix discovered the suspicious billing in its Suisun City office in 2010 and
ultimately had to reimburse customers more than $1.3 million.

Federico and Laney were both indicted in 2012 on charges of mail conspiracy and
mail fraud. They were convicted this summer after a three-week bench trial,
prosecutors said.

Laney was sentenced on Nov. 13 to five years in prison by U.S. District Court
Judge Gonzalez Rogers.

Rogers also sentenced Laney and Federico to three years supervised release and
ordered them to pay $1.287 million in restitution. Federico was also ordered to
pay a $50,000 fine.

Federico was granted bail pending an appeal, while Laney was ordered to turn
himself in on Jan. 15, 2016.



Copyright © 2015 by Bay City News, Inc. Republication, re-transmission or reuse
without the express written consent of Bay City News, Inc. is prohibited.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           December 9, 2015 Wednesday

Oakland: Tracy subcontractor gets more than 5 years in prison for overbilling
scheme

BYLINE: Bay City News Service

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Solano; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 278 words


OAKLAND - A Tracy man was sentenced Monday to 70 months in federal prison in
connection with an overbilling scheme at the Suisun City office of a maintenance
and construction firm serving Bay Area refineries, federal prosecutors said
Tuesday.

Brian Federico, a 50-year-old concrete subcontractor, devised a scheme to
overbill Matrix Service Company in a scheme involving fake companies and
invoices and downstream kickbacks, prosecutors said.

He recruited three local managers from Matrix Service Company, including Kevin
Laney, the head of the company's Suisun City office, to approve the overinflated
invoices and submit false invoices to Federico's subcontracting firm, and then
directed them in how to distribute the gains, prosecutors said.

Federico collected around $875,000 through the scheme, and Laney around
$412,000.

Matrix discovered the suspicious billing in its Suisun City office in 2010 and
ultimately had to reimburse customers more than $1.3 million.

Federico and Laney were both indicted in 2012 on charges of mail conspiracy and
mail fraud. They were convicted this summer after a three-week bench trial,
prosecutors said.

Laney was sentenced on Nov. 13 to five years in prison by U.S. District Court
Judge Gonzalez Rogers.

Rogers also sentenced Laney and Federico to three years supervised release and
ordered them to pay $1.287 million in restitution. Federico was also ordered to
pay a $50,000 fine.

Federico was granted bail pending an appeal, while Laney was ordered to turn
himself in on Jan. 15, 2016.



Copyright © 2015 by Bay City News, Inc. Republication, re-transmission or reuse
without the express written consent of Bay City News, Inc. is prohibited.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

Man Pleads Guilty in eBay and PayPal Scheme to Steal Special Agent's Identity

LENGTH: 414  words


ALEXANDRIA, VARohit Jawa, 25, formerly of Cincinnati, Ohio, pleaded guilty
yesterday to an indictment charging him with eight counts of wire fraud and one
count of aggravated identity theft.

Based on court documents, from at least February 2013 through June 16, 2015, the
defendant devised and executed a complex identity theft scheme to defraud
financial institutions, insurance companies, and others. The defendant managed
numerous PayPal accounts that were engaged in a scheme to defraud eBay buyers
and eBay's third-party parcel insurance company. During this period, the
defendant repeatedly transferred money representing the proceeds of his fraud
scheme from and between accounts he controlled in victim names to accounts he
controlled in his own name. In connection with this scheme, the defendant stole
the identity of a Special Agent of the United States Postal Service Office of
Inspector General (USPS-OIG), and then used that identity to fraudulently gain
access to law enforcement databases from which he stole personal identifying
information of multiple victims. The defendant then used the identifying
information of those individuals to open further fraudulent financial accounts
in their names, without their knowledge or consent.

Jawa was indicted by a federal grand jury on Aug. 13, 2015. Jawa faces a
mandatory minimum of two years in prison and a maximum penalty of 20 years in
prison when sentenced on Feb. 12, 2016. The maximum statutory sentence is
prescribed by Congress and is provided here for informational purposes, as the
sentencing of the defendant will be determined by the court based on the
advisory Sentencing Guidelines and other statutory factors.

Dana J. Boente, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia; Paul M.
Abbate, Assistant Director in Charge of the FBI's Washington Field Office; and
Zane E. Bridges, Chief of Digital Investigative Services for USPS-OIG, made the
announcement after the plea was accepted by U.S. District Judge Anthony J.
Trenga.

This case was investigated by the FBI's Washington Field Office Cyber Task
Force. Assistant U.S. Attorney Whitney Dougherty Russell is prosecuting the
case.

A copy of this press release may be found on the website of the U.S. Attorney's
Office for the Eastern District of Virginia. Related court documents and
information may be found on the website of the District Court for the Eastern
District of Virginia or on PACER by searching for Case No. 1:15-cr-239. 2015
Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                            January 23, 2009 Friday

First Americans probed for Ponzi scheme

BYLINE: by Jamie Mason

SECTION: BANKRUPTCY; LawandReg

LENGTH: 493 words



HIGHLIGHT: Nebraska authorities are investigating a sale of notes by the
bankrupt insurer.


Bankrupt First Americans Insurance Service Inc.is under investigation by the
Nebraska Attorney General and other state authorities for perpetuating an
alleged Ponzi scheme.

The Grand Isle, Neb.-based debtor, which is an insurance agency that provides
insurance products to Native Americans and Native American businesses, filed for
Chapter 11 on Jan. 12 in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Nebraska
in Lincoln because it has a "huge amount of debt that [it] simply can't repay,"
debtor counsel Robert F. Craig ofRobert F. Craig PC said.

Nebraska Attorney General Jon Bruning and the Nebraska Department of Banking and
Finance's Bureau of Securities are currently conducting a probe of First
Americans.

According to Craig, the company issued debt instruments, and the investigations
are examining a series of transactions involving them.

Bruning told The Deal that he authorized the State Patrol and employees in his
office to begin the criminal investigation on Tuesday, Jan. 20, adding that the
sales of the notes seems to have the "characteristics of a Ponzi scheme."

"Anytime $100 million or more vanishes, it's clear that fraud may be involved,"
Bruning said. "We are going to see if any of the actions of the company or its
principals were conducted criminally."

The legal counsel for the state's Bureau of Securities, Sheila Cahill, said that
the department is investigating the sale of notes by First Americans to
residents of Nebraska and several other states.

The bureau hasn't made any determination as to whether or not the sale of the
notes was a legitimate investment that went bad or a Ponzi scheme, Cahill said.
She explained that a Ponzi scheme occurs when a company continues to solicit new
money and uses it to pay back returns to older investors.

According to Cahill, the Bureau of Securities ordered First Americans to stop
selling notes on Jan. 16.

First Americans or its assets will likely be sold during the case, Craig said.

The debtor, which has 17 to 20 employees, is still operating.

Since 1977, First Americans Insurance Service has exclusively served Native
American tribal governments, businesses and gaming establishments, its Web site
said.

First Americans doesn't plan to seek the use of cash collateral or
debtor-in-possession financing during its case, Craig said.

Chief Judge Thomas L. Saladino has been assigned to the case.

The first meeting of creditors has been scheduled for Feb. 20, court papers
said.

The debtor listed assets at $1 million to $10 million and liabilities at $100
million to $500 million in its petition.

First Americans has no secured creditors, Craig said.

Its largest unsecured creditors are Johnson Brothers of Genoa, Neb. ($5.72
million); Lloyd and Jean Johnson of Genoa, Neb. ($3.8 million); Shovlain-Cates
Joint Venture of Grand Isle, Neb. ($3.65 million); Roy Curry of Kalisell, Mont.
($2.85 million); and Howard Hamilton of Whitefish, Mont. ($2.8 million).

First Americans had no comment Thursday.

URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2009 The Deal, L.L.C.


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            August 1, 2009 Saturday
                                 Third Edition

Mind the gap: perils of creating healthy US

BYLINE: Anne Davies Herald Correspondent in Washington

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 862 words


McALLEN, Texas, a border city in impoverished Hidalgo County, has become exhibit
A in the debate over what is wrong with the US health system.

McAllen is among the most expensive health-care markets in the US. It spends
$US15,000 ($18,000) a year for each Medicare patient â[#x20ac]" those covered by
the government scheme for the over 65s â[#x20ac]" compared with $US7400 in
nearby El Paso, which has similar demographics.

It is not that the people of McAllen are sicker, or that the care is superior.
No, it seems that in McAllen the doctors are 50 per cent more likely to refer
patients to specialists. They are more likely to order expensive tests such as
ultrasounds, MRI and bone density scans. Patients with heart conditions are
three times more likely to get pacemakers, implantable defibrillators, cardiac
bypass operations and stents.

Writing in The New Yorker, Atul Gawande, himself a doctor, concluded after a
visit to McAllen that the practice of medicine had become commercialised to the
point where generating revenue overshadowed patient care. Doctors had shares in
the local hospital and in the imaging equipment and so had an incentive to order
more procedures for their patients.

Were the patients healthier as a result of this Rolls-Royce treatment? The data
said no. In Rochester, Minnesota, home of the famous Mayo Clinic, costs per
Medicare patient were only $US6688 a year.

As politicians get down to the complex business of drafting legislation to
create a new health-care system, they are trying to figure out how to put into
place laws that will create more Mayo Clinics and fewer McAllens.

At the same time they are also trying to work out how to provide health care to
the 47 million Americans with no insurance.

Most health insurance is provided by the employer as part of the employee's
package, in effect as untaxed income. The cost for a family of four last year
was $US12,700. There are also two government-funded schemes: Medicare, for the
over 65s, and Medicaid, for the very poor.

That leaves 47 million people without cover: those whose employer does not offer
health care, the recently unemployed, some self-employed and the uninsurable
because they have a pre-existing condition.

If the uninsured get sick or injured they potentially face a financial
catastrophe. A Harvard study in 2005 found that nearly 50 per cent of
bankruptcies in the US involved unpaid medical costs.

So what to do?

The first issue is how to achieve universal coverage.

The idea of a scheme like Australia's Medicare, which involves a single payer,
is a political bridge too far for America. Critics deride such schemes as
"socialised medicine".

Instead the bills coming out of the House of Representatives and the Senate
propose a new entity that will offer subsidised packages to the uninsured
alongside the private insurers. The House version proposes a publicly owned
option, favoured by Barack Obama; the Senate is looking at creating non-profit
private co-operatives as a way of trying to win Republican support.

The second issue is how to mandate coverage.

The House bill includes fines for businesses over a certain size that do not
insure their workers. The Senate may take a different path, such as surcharges
for those that do not insure staff.

Third, there is how to pay for the new scheme. The Senate says its plan will
cost $US900 billion over 10 years; the House bill about $US1000 billion.

The House has proposed a tax surcharge on families with incomes over $500,000.
The Senate has proposed taxing private health-care schemes, arguing that their
tax-free status contributes to escalating costs.

Fourth is how to bend the cost curve. If the US does nothing, spending on health
care will rise from 16 per cent of gross domestic product a year to 20 per cent
by 2017 and 25 per cent by 2025.

Ideas such as restricting doctors from owning shares in hospitals seem to have
little traction. Instead there is talk of clinical excellence boards, to guide
best practice, of capping medical negligence claims (an idea popular with
doctors), of forcing the use of more generic drugs and using the public
insurance provider to act as a counterweight in the system to drive down costs.
But cutting costs means crimping the profits of many big donors to politics over
the years.

In these final weeks of the debate, insurers, unions, conservative groups,
doctors, retiree advocates and the big drug companies have bought TV ads. Those
opposing change warn of bureaucrats hovering at a patient's bedside. Others
feature families who have lost everything when they became sick.

The President, seeing approval for his health-care reforms dwindle â[#x20ac]"
only 36 per cent now say his plan is a good idea â[#x20ac]" has tried to speak
directly to the people. But in the eye-glazing morass of detail, even the great
communicator is struggling to cut through.

The likelihood is that a health-care reform bill will get through, but whether
it will look like Obama's plan is a moot question.

THENUMBERS

16%Annual spending on health, percentage of GDP

25%Annual spending in 2025 without reforms, percentage of GDP 47million
Americans without medical insurance

50%Proportion of bankruptcies involving unpaid medical costs

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           January 26, 2017 Thursday

Head Line: WIPO PUBLISHES PATENT OF QUALCOMM INCORPORATED TITLED AS "FLEXIBLE
CODING SCHEMES"

LENGTH: 218 words

DATELINE: New York


GENEVA: Publication No. WO/2017/014846 was published on January 26, 2017 by
WIPO.

Title of the invention: FLEXIBLE CODING SCHEMES

Applicants: QUALCOMM INCORPORATED [US/US]; ATTN: International IP Administration
5775 Morehouse Drive San Diego, California 92121-1714 (US)


Inventors: YOO, Taesang; (US). SUN, Jing; (US). MALLADI, Durga, Prasad; (US).
WEI, Yongbin; (US). ZENG, Weiliang; (US). MALLIK, Siddhartha; (US). DAMNJANOVIC,
Aleksandar; (US)

According to the abstract published by the World Intellectual Property
Organization on its website: "Methods, systems, and devices for wireless
communication using various coding schemes for data transmission are described.
A wireless communication system may support multiple coding schemes such as, for
example, turbo codes and low density parity check codes. The system may support
selection of the coding scheme based on explicit signaling or implicit
evaluation of transmission parameters. A transmitting device may select a coding
scheme, encode a message using the selected coding scheme, and transmit the
encoded message over a wireless connection. The receiving device may receive the
encoded message, select the coding scheme, and decode the message using the
select coding scheme."

The patent was filed on 08.06.2016 under Application No. PCT/US2016/036392


LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

Washington: CEO and Managing Director of U.S. Broker-Dealer Plead Guilty in
Massive International Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 1106  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The former chief executive officer and former managing director of a U.S.
broker-dealer (the Broker-Dealer), pleaded guilty to bribery charges arising
from their scheme to pay bribes to Maria De Los Angeles Gonzalez De Hernandez,
who was a senior official in Venezuela's state economic development bank, Banco
de Desarrollo Económico y Social de Venezuela (Bandes), in return for trading
business that generated more than $60 million in commissions.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division and U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara of the Southern District of
New York made the announcement.

"Benito Chinea and Joseph DeMeneses are the fifth and sixth defendants to plead
guilty in connection with this far-reaching bribery scheme, which ranged from
Wall Street to the streets of Caracas," said Assistant Attorney General
Caldwell. "The guilty pleas and the forfeiture of assets once again demonstrate
that the Department is committed to holding corporate executives who engage in
foreign bribery individually accountable and to deny them the proceeds of their
corruption."

According to the allegations in the indictment and other documents previously
filed in Manhattan federal court:

Benito Chinea, 48, of Manalapan, New Jersey, and Joseph De Meneses, 45, of
Fairfield, Connecticut, working with others, arranged the bribe payments to
Gonzalez in exchange for her directing Bandes's financial trading business to
the Broker-Dealer. Previously, Gonzalez, along with two employees of the
Broker-Dealer, Tomas Alberto Clarke Bethancourt ("Clarke") and Jose Alejandro
Hurtado ("Hurtado"), pleaded guilty for their involvement in this bribery scheme
. A managing director of the Broker-Dealer, Ernesto Lujan ("Lujan"), also
pleaded guilty for his role in the scheme.

Background on the Broker-Dealer and Bandes

At all times relevant to the charges, Chinea was the chief executive officer and
De Meneses was a managing director in the Broker-Dealer, which was headquartered
in New York, New York, with offices in Miami, Florida. In 2008, the
Broker-Dealer established a group called the Global Markets Group, which
included De Meneses, Lujan, and Clarke, and which offered fixed income trading
services to institutional clients. One of the Broker-Dealer's clients was
Bandes, which operated under the direction of the Venezuelan Ministry of
Finance. The Venezuelan government had a majority ownership interest in Bandes
and provided it with substantial funding. Gonzalez was an official at Bandes and
oversaw the development bank's overseas trading activity. At her direction,
Bandes conducted substantial trading through the Broker-Dealer. Most of the
trades executed by the Broker-Dealer on behalf of Bandes involved fixed income
investments for which the Broker-Dealer charged Bandes a mark-up on purchases
and a mark-down on sales.

The Bribery Scheme

As alleged in court documents, from late 2008 through 2012, Chinea and De
Meneses, together with three Miami-based Broker-Dealer employees, Lujan, Clarke
and Hurtado, participated in a bribery scheme in which Gonzalez directed trading
business she controlled at Bandes to the Broker-Dealer, and in return, agents
and employees of the Broker-Dealer split the revenue the Broker-Dealer generated
from this trading business with Gonzalez. During this time period, the
Broker-Dealer generated over $60 million in commissions from trades with Bandes.

In order to conceal their conduct, Chinea, De Meneses and their co-conspirators
routed the payments to Gonzalez, frequently in six-figure amounts, through
third-parties posing as "foreign finders" and into offshore bank accounts. In
several instances, Chinea personally signed checks worth millions of dollars
that were made payable to one of these purported "foreign finders" and later
deposited in a Swiss bank account.

As further alleged in court documents, as a result of the bribery scheme, Bandes
quickly became the Broker-Dealer's most profitable customer. As the relationship
continued, however, Gonzalez became increasingly unhappy about the untimeliness
of the payments due her from the Broker-Dealer, and she threatened to suspend
Bandes's business. In response, De Meneses and Clarke agreed to pay Gonzalez
approximately $1.5 million from their personal funds. Chinea and De Meneses
agreed to use Broker-Dealer funds to reimburse De Meneses and Clarke for these
bribe payments. To conceal their true nature, Chinea and De Meneses agreed to
hide these reimbursements in the Broker-Dealer's books as sham loans from the
Broker-Dealer to corporate entities associated with De Meneses and Clarke.

Chinea and De Meneses each pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Denise L.
Cote of the Southern District of New York to one count of conspiracy to violate
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the Travel Act. Chinea and De Meneses have
also agreed to pay $3,636,432 and $2,670,612 in forfeiture, respectively, which
amounts represent their earnings from the bribery scheme. Sentencing hearings
are scheduled for March 27, 2015.

Today's announcement is part of efforts underway by President Obama's Financial
Fraud Enforcement Task Force (FFETF) which was created in November 2009 to wage
an aggressive, coordinated and proactive effort to investigate and prosecute
financial crimes. With more than 20 federal agencies, 94 U.S. Attorneys' offices
and state and local partners, it is the broadest coalition of law enforcement,
investigatory and regulatory agencies ever assembled to combat fraud. Since its
formation, the task force has made great strides in facilitating increased
investigation and prosecution of financial crimes; enhancing coordination and
cooperation among federal, state and local authorities; addressing
discrimination in the lending and financial markets and conducting outreach to
the public, victims, financial institutions and other organizations. For more
information on the task force, visit www.stopfraud.gov.

This case is being investigated by the FBI, and prosecuted Senior Deputy Chief
James Koukios of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and Assistant U.S.
Attorneys Harry A. Chernoff and Jason H. Cowley of the Southern District of New
York. Assistant U.S. Attorney Carolina Fornos of the Southern District of New
York is responsible for the forfeiture aspects of the case. The U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission also assisted with this investigation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             July 16, 2016 Saturday

Metairie Woman Convicted Of Multi-State Bank Fraud Scheme And Aggravated
Identity Theft

LENGTH: 353  words


BATON ROUGE, LA - United States Attorney Walt Green announced today that MARSHA
COLE, age 56, of Metairie, Louisiana, pled guilty yesterday before Chief U.S.
District Judge Brian A. Jackson to aggravated identity theft and engaging in a
scheme to defraud numerous banks in Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas.  As part
of the scheme, COLE embezzled approximately $102,257 from her victim accounts at
several banks.  She is set to be sentenced on November 17, 2016.

At yesterdays hearing, COLE admitted that she obtained the personal identifiable
information (PII) of her victims and used that information to create fraudulent
identification cards.  Armed with that information, COLE went to banks
associated with her victims, forged their signatures, and withdrew funds.
Throughout her scheme, COLE admitted that she attempted to withdraw over
$136,000 during over thirty-one (31) attempted withdrawals from victim accounts
at twenty-one (21) different banks in Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas.
Ultimately, COLE was able to withdraw over $102,257 from victim accounts.

United States Attorney Green stated: Fraud against our banks threatens not just
the financial institutions, but also their customers and ultimately the
taxpayers.  This case is another example of my office working together with our
law enforcement partners to aggressively investigate and prosecute identity
theft offenses, one of the fastest growing crimes in America.

FBI Special Agent-In-Charge Jeffrey S. Sallet stated: This case is yet another
example of the FBIs commitment to work with our partners at the United States
Attorneys Office to investigate and prosecute individuals who willingly violate
the law in order to personally enrich themselves at the expense of others.

This matter is being prosecuted by the United States Attorneys Office for the
Middle District of Louisiana.  The investigation has been conducted by the Baton
Rouge Resident Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Louisiana
State Police.  The matter is being prosecuted by Assistant United States
Attorney Jessica M.P. Thornhill. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 8, 2013 Thursday

US Patent granted to Amazon Technologies, Inc. (Nevada) on August 06 titled as
"Erasure coding and redundant replication"

LENGTH: 183  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,504,535, on
August 06, 2013, to Amazon Technologies, Inc. (Nevada), titled as "Erasure
coding and redundant replication"

Inventors:  He; Gang (Woodinville, WA), Sorenson, III; James Christopher
(Seattle, WA)
Assignee:  Amazon Technologies, Inc. (Reno, NV)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Disclosed are various embodiments for employing an erasure coding storage
scheme and a redundant replication storage scheme in a data storage system. Data
objects that are greater than a size threshold and accessed less frequently than
an access threshold are stored in an erasure coding scheme, while data objects
that are sized less than a size threshold or accessed more often than an access
threshold are stored in a redundant replication storage scheme."

The patent was filed on December 20, 2010 Application no. 12/972,634

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           November 6, 2010 Saturday
                                 CITY-C Edition

U.S. accuses Life's Good Inc. owner Robert Stinson Jr. of Ponzi scheme

BYLINE: By Harold Brubaker; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 396 words


Federal prosecutors filed criminal charges Friday against Robert Stinson Jr. for
allegedly defrauding 260 investors of $17 million in a Ponzi scheme that was
halted in June by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Stinson's Philadelphia company, Life's Good Inc., promised returns of 10 percent
to 16 percent through real estate investments, but in reality Stinson used
investors' money for himself and his family, and to pay earlier participants to
perpetuate the scheme, the government alleged.

A 21-count grand jury indictment, unsealed Friday, also alleged that Stinson,
55, obstructed justice on June 29 by wiring $225,000 from Life's Good bank
accounts to other Stinson accounts as federal agents searched his offices.

Stinson was arrested Friday morning and released on $100,000 bail after a court
appearance.

His attorney, Stewart Patchen, of the Federal Community Defender Office in
Philadelphia, did not return a call seeking comment.

The indictment said Stinson paid commissions of 5 percent to 10 percent to
investment advisers who steered money his way. For example, on April 16, Stinson
wired $31,500 in commissions to an unnamed Colorado financial adviser, according
to the indictment.

The document also says that Brentwood Equity Advisors in Denver was among those
that gathered money for Stinson. On July 26, one of the firm's principals,
Michael McNamara, sent an e-mail invitation to 37 addresses regarding a replay
of a conference call that day with Stinson. McNamara did not return a call to
his mobile phone Friday seeking comment.

An investor in Nevada was glad to hear of the criminal charges. "It's just
horrible what he's done to people," Jan Rudy said. "Even though we're all going
to lose what we had, at least he's going to pay for it this time," she said.
Rudy and her husband invested $50,000 with Stinson in 2008.

When they tried in August to take the money out of Stinson's Life's Good STABL
mortgage fund immediately after the required two-year investment period was up,
they found the company's phones had been disconnected.

Stinson, who has been convicted of fraud multiple times, could be sentenced to
as many as 329 years on Friday's charges, including five counts of wire fraud,
four counts of mail fraud, and nine counts of money-laundering, the U.S.
attorney said.

Contact staff writer Harold Brubaker at 215-854-4651 or
hbrubaker@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 30, 2013 Friday

Virginia: Houston Based Principal Of A&O Entities Resentenced In Virginia For
$100 Million Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 755  words

DATELINE: Richmond


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Virginia has issued
the following press release:

A principal of A&O Resource Management Ltd. has been resentenced for his role in
a $100 million life settlement fraud scheme, which included more than 800
victims across the United States and Canada.  Today, Adley H. Abdulwahab, 38, of
Houston, a hedge fund manager and part owner of A&O, was resentenced to 60 years
in prison.

Abdulwahab originally was sentenced to 60 years in prison on September 28, 2011.
On April 29, 2013, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit
reversed five of Abdulwahab's money laundering convictions.  Today United States
District Judge Robert E. Payne resentenced Abdulwahab to the same term of
imprisonment on the remaining counts of conspiracy, mail fraud, and securities
fraud.

Neil H. MacBride, United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia;
Mythili Raman, Acting Assistant Attorney General of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division;
Gary Barksdale, Inspector in Charge of the Washington Division of the United
States Postal Inspection Service; Thomas J. Kelly, Special Agent in Charge,
Washington, D.C. Field Office, IRS-Criminal Investigation; and Jeffrey C.
Mazanec, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's Richmond Field Office, made the
announcement after sentencing by Judge Payne.

On September 7, 2010, a federal grand jury returned an 18-count indictment
against Abdulwahab, Christian Allmendinger, 40, and David White, 41.  White and
four others associated with the fraud scheme pleaded guilty in the fall of 2010.
Allmendinger was convicted at trial on March 23, 2011, and Abdulwahab was
convicted at trial on June 10, 2011.

According to court records and evidence presented at trial, the principals at
A&O engaged in a scheme to defraud investors by making misrepresentations about
such things as A&O's prior success, its size and office locations, its number of
employees, the risks of its investment offerings, and its safekeeping and use of
investor funds.  Both Abdulwahab and Allmendinger were active in the day-to-day
management of the companies, as well as in the marketing of A&O life settlement
investment products to investors. Abdulwahab also lied to investors about having
a college degree in economics, as well as failing to disclose to investors that
he previously pleaded guilty to a felony charge of forgery of a commercial
instrument in Texas state court.

When state regulators began to scrutinize A&O's investment products, Abdulwahab
and others manufactured a sham sales transaction to "sell" A&O to a shell
corporate entity named Blue Dymond and later to another shell corporate entity
named Physician's Trust. This sale ended Allmendinger's association with the
fraud scheme; however, A&O and Physician's Trust were still secretly controlled
by Abdulwahab and his co-conspirators, who continued the fraud scheme through
September 2009. The A&O fraud scheme caused more than 800 investors, many of
whom were elderly, to lose more than $100 million. The vast majority lost all of
their investment, which represented for many all of the money they had saved for
their retirement.

Evidence at trial showed that Abdulwahab and the other A&O principals used the
investors' money for personal enrichment, including purchasing multi-million
dollar homes, luxury cars, a 15-carat diamond ring and other property.

On September 27, 2011, Allmendinger was sentenced to 45 years in prison.  On
June 22, 2011, five other individuals connected with the A&O fraud scheme were
sentenced: Russell E. Mackert, 52, general counsel for A&O, was sentenced to 188
months in prison; Brent Oncale, 36, former owner and founder of A&O, was
sentenced to 120 months in prison; White, the former president of A&O, was
sentenced to 60 months in prison; Eric M. Kurz, 47, a wholesaler of A&O
investment products, was sentenced to 60 months in prison; and Tomme Bromseth,
69, an A&O sales agent in the Richmond area, was sentenced to 36 months in
prison.

This investigation was conducted by the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, Internal
Revenue Service, and FBI, with significant assistance from the Texas State
Securities Board, the Virginia Corporation Commission and the SEC. These cases
are being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Michael S. Dry and Jessica D.
Aber from the Eastern District of Virginia and Trial Attorney Albert B.
Stieglitz Jr., of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/vae

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           October 5, 2011 Wednesday

Oakland Raiders defense can't afford to zone out against Houston Texans

BYLINE: By Jerry McDonald jmcdonald@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Breaking; Raiders; News; Football

LENGTH: 665 words


Whenever the Houston Texans face the Raiders while possessing the ball, the
Texans are in a zone.

Truth be told, Houston is primarily a zone-blocking team regardless of the
opponent.

That's problematic for the Raiders, who have been a below average team against
the run for the better part of the last decade and more often than not a sieve
when faced with the kind of zone blocking employed by the Texans.

New England came to Oakland as primarily a passing team with Tom Brady at
quarterback but exploited the Raiders' weakness and broke some big outside zone
runs -- including a 33-yard touchdown by Stevan Ridley en route to a 183-yard
rushing performance for the team.

Raiders safety Mike Mitchell remembers the Texans rushing for 249 yards on the
Raiders in Oakland last season and feeling helpless to stop it. Arian Foster led
the Texans with 133 yards on 17 carries, including a 74-yard touchdown run early
in the second half.

"It was a long day," Mitchell said. "We couldn't stop the outside zone runs, and
they were successful with play-action because we were so concerned with the
run."

Foster downplays the zone scheme aspect, telling Bay Area reporters by
conference call that every team runs zone and that "we just run it a little bit
more. I think people get caught up in the hype of the zone blocking scheme."

In a zone scheme, teams typically have only a few basic runs, but they can go
either inside or outside, depending on the flow of the defense. Blockers move in
concert to an area, rather than to a specific defender, and the backs run with
patience, awaiting a crease, then cut upfield.

"It's so tough, because on our defensive line, we have such big guys, and when
they get moving side to side there's the potential for cutbacks," Mitchell said.
"That's why the zone run scheme run is very good because all it takes is for a
guy to be a half second late or just a little bit out of his gap. For a good
runner, it creates a cutback lane or he gets outside."

Big gains are often accompanied by cut blocks against defenders who are moving
toward the ball and never see the linemen coming.

The Denver Broncos tortured the Raiders for years with zone runs during Mike
Shanahan's tenure, which ended with a 21-7 record against his former team.
Kubiak, an assistant on Shanahan's staff, brought the scheme with him to Houston
when he was hired as head coach in 2006.

The Texans are 4-1 against the Raiders under Kubiak and have averaged 153.2
yards per game rushing in those games. Houston relies heavily on the run anyway,
but Oakland's susceptibility to the running game combined with the loss of wide
receiver Andre Johnson could make the Texans have quarterback Matt Schaub hand
the ball off even more than usual.

Johnson had what was termed a "minor procedure" on an injured hamstring and will
be out at least three weeks.

Raiders players have talked for years about staying in gaps and being
disciplined only to come undone on game day.

"I feel like everybody knows what to do and where to fit, but in the midst of
chaos and full speed, it's about being one heartbeat," defensive end Jarvis Moss
said. "I think that's going to come as the weeks go along."

Ranked 29th against the run mostly on the basis of giving up 400 yards rushing
in losses to Buffalo and New England, the Raiders are still dealing with a
problem coach Hue Jackson said during training camp "has plagued this
organization for years."

Zone or no zone, Jackson stressed the need for the Raiders' defensive line to
knock the Texans off the ball.

He reiterated his promise to "get it fixed" and fully expects a heavy dose of
Foster and productive backup Ben Tate on Sunday at Reliant Stadium. Foster is
coming off a 155-yard, 30-carry effort in a 17-10 win over Pittsburgh, a team
that prides itself on run defense.

Asked what he would do if facing a team giving up the Raiders' figure of 5.9
yards per carry, Jackson said, "I'm running the ball. I'm running the ball until
I can get them to make me stop running the ball."

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: New England Patriots wide receiver Wes Welker, right, tries to escape
Oakland Raiders defenders Chimdi Chekwa, left, and Jerome Boyd in the third
quarter of an NFL football game, Sunday, Oct. 2, 2011 at O.co Coliseum in
Oakland, Calif. The Patriots won, 31-19. (D. Ross Cameron/Staff)
Oakland Raiders' Richard Seymour points out against the New England Patriots in
the first quarter of a NFL game at O.co Coliseum, in Oakland, Calif., on Sunday,
Oct. 2, 2011. (Ray Chavez/Staff)
New England Patriots starting quarterback Tom Brady (12) makes a throw against
the Oakland Raiders in the second quarter at the O.co Coliseum in Oakland,
Calif. on Sunday, October 2, 2011. (Nhat V. Meyer/Mercury News)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     October 7, 1985, Monday, Final Edition

STAYING AHEAD;
Dial 'N' for 'No Thanks' to This Telephone Get-Rich-Quick Scheme

BYLINE: By Jane Bryant Quinn

SECTION: Washington Business Pg.59

LENGTH: 742 words


The dream of making a personal fortune in the newly competitive long-distance
telephone business is attracting thousands of believers all over the country.
They are promoting -- to their friends and neighbors -- an aggressive new sales
scheme called Starcom. It is praised by its creators as a money-making
multilevel marketing opportunity, and damned by its detractors as a
pyramid-sales scheme.

Starcom is serving telephone customers in 11 states (Arizona, Arkansas,
California, Colorado, Kentucky, Louisiana, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennesee, Texas
and Washington), according to one of its lawyers, John Claro of Oklahoma City.
But the Fort Worth-based company has run into legal trouble in at least three
states -- Kansas, Minnesota and Texas -- where Starcom signed consent agreements
(without admitting to wrongdoing), promising to refund money to certain
customers and to pay civil penalties.

Starcom has just been cited for contempt in Kansas for violating the previous
agreement, according to Neil Woerman in the attorney general's office there.
Hearings are pending Oct. 11 in Texas on whether Starcom violated the agreement
it reached with that state last February.

Nevertheless, Claro says that the company is forging ahead. "It's hardly ever a
problem to comply with the eccentricities of interpretation of local statutes,
once you know that's what they want," he says.

Starcom has been recruiting telephone subscribers by offering them an unusual
deal. You pay $100 to sign up for long-distance telephone service, which Starcom
buys from wholesale sellers of telephone lines. You pay another $50 if you want
to become a Starcom salesperson. (Formerly, a single $150 fee covered both.) The
new salespeople also buy assorted promotional materials from the company.

Sam Simon, head of the Telecommunications Research & Action Center in
Washington, D.C., says there appears to be no strong advantage to buying
Starcom's phone service all by itself. "Other telephone companies don't charge
big sign-up fees," he says. And Texas authorities allege that company
salespeople have been overstating the amount of money consumers could save by
using Starcom instead of American Telephone & Telegraph, MCI or the other major
long-distance services. (Starcom says that its customers save up to 50 percent.)

But the big attraction of Starcom seems to be its money-making potential --
called by president Glenn Beadle "a vehicle to secure your financial future." In
classic pyramid fashion, Starcom pays participants a commission and bonus for
each new customer and salesperson they sign up. If "their" salesperson then
signs up customers and salespeople of his or her own, the original participant
earns commissions on the second salesperson's customers, and then on the
customer's customers, all the way down to the fifth generation.

"The marketing part of the program appeared to us to be illegal" under state
law, says Don Johnson of the state attorney general's office in Minnesota. "The
only reason people paid the full $150 was to get into the program and have the
right to sell to others."

Starcom salespeople also have been charged with exaggerating how much new
salespeople could earn.

Originally, some or all of the money that Starcom subscribers paid up front was
supposed to be refundable if they quit. But Stephen Gardner of the Texas
attorney general's office says that those deposits were used as operating
capital for the company, so couldn't be repaid fully if mass refunds were
demanded.

Starcom has rewritten its business plan to eliminate refunds. But Claro recently
told Gardner that the company couldn't obtain the $300,000 bond demanded to
protect the potential refunds of earlier customers in Texas.

Starcom's future, at this point, is unclear. Technical troubles recently caused
a shutdown of its telephone service in many states, but Claro says that these
problems are being corrected.  He adds that for the time being, Starcom is not
recruiting new salespeople but expects to start again soon.

Having your own business -- especially one you can operate from home, on your
own time -- is the dream of millions of Americans. But the plain fact is that
big-money business opportunities don't, in the normal course of things, drop
into your lap for $150. And your chances diminish if your main interest is the
money you hope to make by signing up other salespeople rather than by selling
the service itself.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                 August 7, 2004

Dublin links in major US offshore tax settlements

BYLINE: By SEAN O'DRISCOLL

SECTION: CITY EDITION; BUSINESS AND FINANCE; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 449 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


The US Internal Revenue Service has said it will continue to block "overly
aggressive" US financial companies from using Ireland as an offshore tax
loophole after two US corporations made a groundbreaking multi-million dollar
settlement on a tax scheme involving unnamed Dublin companies.

The two corporations, the Diversified Financial Corporation, an affiliate of The
Diversified Group Inc in New York and AVM L.P in Florida, agreed to pay at least
$ 10 million in settlement after the IRS claimed they were engaged in illegal
tax avoidance schemes through Dublin corporations.

The system had saved the companies tens of millions in dollars of US taxes. The
IRS refused to name the Dublin companies involved, or to clarify their
relationship with the companies who made the settlement.

Both of the US companies were brokering "residuals" in investment schemes known
as real estate mortgage investment conduits (REMICs). They sold the residuals on
to a Wyoming corporation, which turned out to be a front for two Dublin
corporations.

However, under the United States tax code, foreigners are not allowed to buy
such residuals.

Analysts say the settlement is one of the first ever to deal with residuals -
which are "phantom incomes", or taxable income that only exists on paper. Later,
a residual on one of these mortgage schemes becomes a loss and are sold on and
the loss written off against tax.

The IRS only uncovered the full extent of the extremely complex system after it
took the two corporations to tax court in May, 2003. IRS spokesperson, Mr John
Lipold, said that the IRS has accepted a collective eight-figure sum from the
two corporations but did not divulge the exact amount.

The companies have further agreed not to get involved in similar schemes in the
future, pay a 20 per cent penalty, and agreed to allow the IRS to disclose
limited details of the case to the media.

Mr John Bancroft, editor of Inside Mortgage Finance Publications, said the
settlement was the first he had heard of in relation to REMIC schemes.

"Selling off negative residuals is a bit like selling off hazardous waste;
you're actually paying someone to buy it and then writing if off against tax. It
turns the market force upside down," he said.

"The IRS felt that this scheme was just too aggressive and was, in fact,
over-stepping the law."

IRS chief counsel, Mr Don Korb, warned that the agency would not tolerate
offshore tax schemes that did not comply with US law. "We have demonstrated,
without litigation, that taxpayers must be prepared to pay the price for
aggressively interpreting the law even if it is unrelated to a listed tax
shelter transaction," he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2004 The Irish Times


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            March 23, 1996 Saturday
                                  LATE Edition

Scheme to save water takes off

BYLINE: Ray Herbert

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 429 words


EFFICIENT water use is increasingly critical to sustainable development for our
own generation and to the future amenity of those who will follow us. The
potential for improved water use is enormous, but requires a comprehensive
approach that involves manufacturers of appliances, master plumbers and
consumers.

A comprehensive program of water conservation, as shown by a Rocky Mountain
Institute (USA) study for the city of Denver, Colorado, can have a dramatic
impact.

The institute believes that the full use of water-saving appliances in
households would save more water than a proposed $US1 billion dam would supply.

The institute also says that the average cost of water saved in this way cost a
quarter of the equivalent supply, treated to potable quality, from the proposed
new dam.

To begin with a conservation program that encourages the use of water-efficient
appliances, a national water conservation rating and labelling scheme has been
developed in Australia.

Under the scheme major water-using appliances can now carry labels in the shape
of a water drop bearing a rating of their water efficiency in the form of one,
two of three As.

The technical requirements of the scheme are set by the water efficient
appliances and plumbing group of the Water Technology Committee. WEAP members
include the MPMSAA, Australia's major water companies, CSIRO, various industry
associations and the Australian Consumers' Association.

Participation in the scheme is voluntary and is intended to help consumers
assess water-use efficiency of household appliances from shower roses through to
washing machines, taps and dishwashers etc.

The scheme caters for three ratings from A through to AAA.

A single A stands for an acceptable level of water efficiency, AA for high water
efficiency, notionally 25 per cent less water use for that of an A rating, and
AAA stands for excellent water efficiency, notionally 25 per cent less water use
than AA.

For example, a shower rose should have a maximum discharge rate of not more than
nine litres a minute to achieve an AAA rating, not more than 12 litres a minute
for AA and not more than 15 litres a minute for A with a flow pressure test
range of between 150 and 350 kpa.

Obviously different appliances use different volumes of water to achieve their
ratings.

For information on the most water-efficient appliances to fit to your house you
should consult your master plumber as the best fittings could be dependent on
water flow and pressure.

Ray Herbert is executive director, Master Plumbers and Mechanical Services
Association of Australia.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1996 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 24, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Florida Man Sentenced in $100 Million Surety Bond Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 661  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

ATLANTA--Eric Campbell has been sentenced to four years, nine months in prison
for operating a multi-million dollar surety bond fraud scheme which caused not
only financial losses, but also created delays in construction projects across
the country and compromised bids resulting in some contracts being awarded to
unqualified construction companies.

"This defendant lied to building contractors and government agencies about his
qualifications to issue surety bonds. When his fraud was uncovered and a new
valid surety bond had to be found, the construction bidding process was
compromised for various projects across the country. There were construction
delays, and the construction firms that unwittingly purchased fraudulent surety
bonds from the defendant lost hundreds of thousands of dollars in premiums they
had paid," said Acting U.S. Attorney John Horn.

J. Britt Johnson, Special Agent in Charge, FBI Atlanta Field Office, stated:
"The level of fraud seen in this case was costly in many ways to those doing
business with Mr. Campbell. It is hoped that the sentencing of Mr. Campbell will
send a clear message to others that these types of criminal schemes to defraud
are destined to fail and those involved will be held accountable."

"Mr. Campbell orchestrated a scheme whereby he defrauded numerous individuals,
businesses, and state and local governments of money based on false
representations and promises" stated Veronica F. Hyman-Pillot, Special Agent in
Charge, IRS Criminal Investigation. "Hopefully the sentence today will send a
message to other individuals like Campbell, that this conduct will not be
tolerated."

According to Acting U.S. Attorney Horn, the charges and other information
presented in court: From August 2012 until July 2013, Campbell used several
corporations to sell fraudulent surety bonds on construction projects. Surety
bonds are three party bonding agreements in construction projects where a surety
company assures the project owner that a contractor will perform a construction
contract. The federal government and many state and local governments require a
surety bond for certain construction contracts.

Campbell caused fraudulent surety bonds to be submitted to DeKalb County,
Georgia; McDonough, Georgia; the U.S. Veterans Administration; Palo Alto,
California; the Commonwealth of Kentucky; American Somoa; the Army Corps of
Engineers; Nogales, Arizona; and several United States military bases, among
others.

The defendant fraudulently held himself out to contractors and government
agencies as having the authority to execute or issue surety bonds on behalf of
Federal Insurance Company and Pacific Indemnity Company, affiliates of the Chubb
group. To perpetuate the scheme, Campbell created fraudulent surety bonds,
embossed the bonds using a counterfeit seal and forged the signatures of Chubb
group officials. Campbell and his associates issued bonds with a face value of
more than $100 million and received premium payments of more than $2.2 million
during the course of the fraud. In addition to financial losses, Campbell's
fraud scheme caused delays in several construction projects and compromised the
construction bidding process because contracts were sometimes awarded to
unqualified construction companies.

Campbell, 57, of Orange Park, Florida, has been sentenced by U.S. District Judge
Thomas W. Thrash, Jr., to four years, nine months in prison to be followed by
three years of supervised release, and ordered to pay restitution in the amount
of $1,904,376.67. Campbell was been convicted on this charge on October 20,
2014, after he pleaded guilty.

This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Jeffrey Brown prosecuted the case.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            August 1, 2009 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Health-care debate is an eye-glazing morass

BYLINE: Anne Davies Herald Correspondent in Washington

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; International News; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 865 words


McALLEN, Texas, a border city in impoverished Hidalgo County, has become exhibit
A in the debate over what is wrong with the US health system.

McAllen is among the most expensive health-care markets in the US. It spends
$US15,000 ($18,000) a year for each Medicare patient â[#x20ac]" those covered by
the government scheme for the over 65s â[#x20ac]" compared with $US7400 in
nearby El Paso, which has similar demographics.

It is not that the people of McAllen are sicker, or that the care is superior.
No, it seems that in McAllen the doctors are 50 per cent more likely to refer
patients to specialists. They are more likely to order expensive tests such as
ultrasounds, MRI and bone density scans. Patients with heart conditions are
three times more likely to get pacemakers, implantable defribrillators, cardiac
bypass operations and stents.

Writing in The New Yorker, Atul Gawande, himself a doctor, concluded after a
visit to McAllen that the practice of medicine had become commercialised to the
point where generating revenue overshadowed patient care. Doctors had shares in
the local hospital and in the imaging equipment and so had an incentive to order
more procedures for their patients.

Were there patients healthier as a result this "Rolls-Royce" treatment? The data
said no. In Rochester, Minnesota, home of the famous Mayo Clinic, costs per
Medicare patient were only $US6688 a year.

As politicians get down to the complex business of drafting legislation to
create a new health-care system, they are trying to figure out how to put into
place laws that will create more Mayo Clinics and fewer McAllens.

At the same time they are also trying to work out how to provide health care to
the 47 million Americans with no insurance.

Most health insurance is provided by the employer as part of the employee's
package, in effect as untaxed income. The cost for a family of four last year
was $US12,700. There are also two government-funded schemes: Medicare, for the
over 65s, and Medicaid, for the very poor.

That leaves 47 million people without cover: those whose employer does not offer
health care, the recently unemployed, some self-employed and the uninsurable
because they have a pre-existing condition.

If the uninsured get sick or injured they potentially face a financial
catastrophe. A Harvard study in 2005 found that nearly 50 per cent of
bankruptcies in the US involved unpaid medical costs.

So what to do?

The first issue is how to achieve universal coverage.

The idea of a scheme like Australia's Medicare, which involves a single payer,
is a political bridge too far for America. Critics deride such schemes as
"socialised medicine".

Instead the bills coming out of the House of Representatives and the Senate
propose a new entity that will offer subsidised packages to the uninsured
alongside the private insurers. The House version proposes a publicly owned
option, favoured by Barack Obama; the Senate is looking at creating
not-for-profit private co-operatives as a way of trying to win Republican
support.

The second issue is how to mandate coverage.

The House bill includes fines for businesses over a certain size that do not
insure their workers. The Senate may take a different path, such as surcharges
for those that do not insure staff.

Third, there is how to pay for the new scheme. The Senate says its plan will
cost $US900 billion over 10 years; the House bill about $US1000 billion.

The House has proposed a tax surcharge on families with incomes over $500,000.
The Senate has proposed taxing private health-care schemes, arguing that their
current tax-free status contributes to spiralling costs.

Fourth is how to bend the cost curve. If the US does nothing, spending on health
care will rise from 16 per cent of gross domestic product a year to 20 per cent
by 2017 and 25 per cent by 2025.

Ideas such as restricting doctors from owning shares in hospitals seem to have
little traction. Instead there is talk of clinical excellence boards, to guide
best practice, of capping medical negligence claims (an idea popular with
doctors), of forcing the use of more generic drugs and using the public
insurance provider to act as a counterweight in the system to drive down costs.
But cutting costs means crimping the profits of many big donors to politics over
the years.

In these final weeks of the debate, insurers, unions, conservative groups,
doctors, retiree advocates and the big drug companies have bought TV ads. Those
opposing change warn of bureaucrats hovering at a patient's bedside. Others
feature families who have lost everything when they became sick.

The President, seeing approval for his health-care reforms dwindle â[#x20ac]"
only 36 per cent now say his plan is a good idea â[#x20ac]" has tried to speak
directly to the people. But in the eye-glazing morass of detail, even the great
communicator is struggling to cut through.

The likelihood is that a health-care reform bill will get through, but whether
it will look like Obama's plan is a moot question.

THE NUMBERS

16% Annual spending on health, percentage of GDP

25% Annual spending in 2025 without reforms, percentage of GDP

47million

Americans without medical insurance

50% Proportion of bankruptcies involving unpaid medical costs

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Caribbean News Now, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Jamaica bridge loan Ponzi scheme operator pleads guilty in US court

BYLINE: Caribbean News Now, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 313 words


Sept. 20--BOSTON, USA -- Former Jamaican resident Mark Jones, who is accused by
the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Justice Department of
running a $10 million "Jamaica Bridge Loan Fund" Ponzi scheme, has pleaded
guilty to two criminal counts.

At a hearing in US federal court in Boston on September 16, Jones agreed to a
plea deal and a waiver of indictment. He was advised of the maximum possible
penalties the court may impose, including imprisonment, fine, and term of
supervised release; as well as possible forfeiture and restitution, along with
the court's obligation to impose a special assessment.

Sentencing was set for December 21 before Judge Mark L. Wolf. In the meantime,
Jones was released on the same bail terms and conditions as hitherto.

According to the SEC complaint:

--Jones began soliciting investors starting around 2007 and said their money
would be pooled and used for "bridge loans" to Jamaican businesses awaiting
funds from approved commercial bank loans. Jones told investors the bridge loans
would generate approximately 15 percent to 20 percent interest a year.

--Jones raised about $10 million from at least 21 investors in six states and
Washington, DC, including three of his own relatives.

--Jones appeared in YouTube videos touting investment opportunities in Jamaica
and met with some investors in Jamaica to show local projects they had
purportedly funded.

--Jones used investors' money to pay other investors -- the hallmark of a Ponzi
scheme. He also used some investors' money to pay his personal expenses.

--Many of those that Jones defrauded are retirees who are now in financial
straits because of their investments with him.

___ (c)2016 the Caribbean News Now (Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands) Visit the
Caribbean News Now (Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands) at www.caribbeannewsnow.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160920-1CN-Jamaica-bridge-loan-Ponzi-scheme
-operator-pleads-guilty-in-US-court-0920-20160920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CN


        Copyright 2016 Caribbean News Now, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 20, 2014 Friday

Connecticut: STAMFORD MAN ADMITS ROLE IN MORTGAGE FRAUD SCHEME

LENGTH: 355  words

DATELINE: Hartford


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Connecticut has issued the
following press release:

The United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut announced that ASM
AFSARY, 41, of Stamford, waived his right to indictment and pleaded guilty today
before Chief U.S. District Judge Janet C. Hall in New Haven to conspiring to
defraud financial institutions through an extensive mortgage fraud scheme that
involved dozens of properties in Fairfield County.

According to court documents and statements made in court, between 2005 and
2013, AFSARY participated in a mortgage fraud conspiracy that involved the
purchase of numerous single and multi-family properties, primarily in Bridgeport
and Stamford.  During the scheme, AFSARY and his co-conspirators provided
materially false information to mortgage lenders.  The fraudulent information
included false verifications of mortgage applicants' income, false verifications
of down payments for real estate transactions and false HUD-1 Forms.

In pleading guilty, AFSARY admitted that he recruited and directed the actions
of several "straw buyers," or individuals who fraudulently applied for and
obtained mortgage loans but did not have an actual financial investment or stake
in the mortgage loan transactions.  In fact, AFSARY was the intended owner of
the property, managed the property and collected all of the rents from the
property.

Through this scheme, lenders suffered losses of more than $7 million.  Many of
the properties involved in this mortgage fraud scheme ended up in foreclosure,
or in short sale transactions.

AFSARY pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and bank
fraud, which carries a maximum term of imprisonment of 30 years.  Judge Hall
scheduled sentencing for October 1, 2014.

AFSARY is the fourth individual involved in this scheme to plead guilty.

This ongoing investigation is being conducted by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation.  The case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Ann M.
Nevins and Special Assistant U.S. Attorney John McReynolds.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/ct

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 19, 2014 Thursday

Connecticut: STAMFORD MAN ADMITS ROLE IN MORTGAGE FRAUD SCHEME

LENGTH: 355  words

DATELINE: Hartford


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Connecticut has issued the
following press release:

The United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut announced that ASM
AFSARY, 41, of Stamford, waived his right to indictment and pleaded guilty today
before Chief U.S. District Judge Janet C. Hall in New Haven to conspiring to
defraud financial institutions through an extensive mortgage fraud scheme that
involved dozens of properties in Fairfield County.

According to court documents and statements made in court, between 2005 and
2013, AFSARY participated in a mortgage fraud conspiracy that involved the
purchase of numerous single and multi-family properties, primarily in Bridgeport
and Stamford.  During the scheme, AFSARY and his co-conspirators provided
materially false information to mortgage lenders.  The fraudulent information
included false verifications of mortgage applicants' income, false verifications
of down payments for real estate transactions and false HUD-1 Forms.

In pleading guilty, AFSARY admitted that he recruited and directed the actions
of several "straw buyers," or individuals who fraudulently applied for and
obtained mortgage loans but did not have an actual financial investment or stake
in the mortgage loan transactions.  In fact, AFSARY was the intended owner of
the property, managed the property and collected all of the rents from the
property.

Through this scheme, lenders suffered losses of more than $7 million.  Many of
the properties involved in this mortgage fraud scheme ended up in foreclosure,
or in short sale transactions.

AFSARY pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and bank
fraud, which carries a maximum term of imprisonment of 30 years.  Judge Hall
scheduled sentencing for October 1, 2014.

AFSARY is the fourth individual involved in this scheme to plead guilty.

This ongoing investigation is being conducted by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation.  The case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Ann M.
Nevins and Special Assistant U.S. Attorney John McReynolds.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/ct

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 17, 2014 Tuesday

Connecticut: STAMFORD MAN ADMITS ROLE IN MORTGAGE FRAUD SCHEME

LENGTH: 355  words

DATELINE: Hartford


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Connecticut has issued the
following press release:

The United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut announced that ASM
AFSARY, 41, of Stamford, waived his right to indictment and pleaded guilty today
before Chief U.S. District Judge Janet C. Hall in New Haven to conspiring to
defraud financial institutions through an extensive mortgage fraud scheme that
involved dozens of properties in Fairfield County.

According to court documents and statements made in court, between 2005 and
2013, AFSARY participated in a mortgage fraud conspiracy that involved the
purchase of numerous single and multi-family properties, primarily in Bridgeport
and Stamford.  During the scheme, AFSARY and his co-conspirators provided
materially false information to mortgage lenders.  The fraudulent information
included false verifications of mortgage applicants' income, false verifications
of down payments for real estate transactions and false HUD-1 Forms.

In pleading guilty, AFSARY admitted that he recruited and directed the actions
of several "straw buyers," or individuals who fraudulently applied for and
obtained mortgage loans but did not have an actual financial investment or stake
in the mortgage loan transactions.  In fact, AFSARY was the intended owner of
the property, managed the property and collected all of the rents from the
property.

Through this scheme, lenders suffered losses of more than $7 million.  Many of
the properties involved in this mortgage fraud scheme ended up in foreclosure,
or in short sale transactions.

AFSARY pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and bank
fraud, which carries a maximum term of imprisonment of 30 years.  Judge Hall
scheduled sentencing for October 1, 2014.

AFSARY is the fourth individual involved in this scheme to plead guilty.

This ongoing investigation is being conducted by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation.  The case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Ann M.
Nevins and Special Assistant U.S. Attorney John McReynolds.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/ct

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 2, 1996, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Packers' defense plans special recipe for 49ers

BYLINE: Jarrett Bell

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 534 words

DATELINE: GREEN BAY, Wis.


Like an exotic chef, Fritz Shurmur seems to always whip up special recipes for
the big games.

"This game can be like a chess match," says Shurmur, the NFL's longest-tenured
defensive coordinator, in his second year with the Green Bay Packers. "But it's
our charge. You need to find some type of advantage by changing the matchups or
changing what we do."

In a similar capacity with the Los Angeles Rams in 1989, Shurmur's
unconventional "Eagle" scheme, with just two linemen and zone defense on 64
plays, countered Randall Cunningham's versatility in a 21-7 NFC wild-card
victory against Philadelphia.

In Sunday's 37-20 NFC wild-card victory against the Atlanta Falcons, which set
up Saturday's NFC divisional playoff at San Francisco, Shurmur threw out the
book on how to defend the pass-happy Red Gun.

Disguised coverages in a three-lineman, three-linebacker, five-defensive back
scheme kept quarterback Jeff George off-balance and helped the Packers remain
unbeaten (9-0) in playoff games at Lambeau Field. Opponents generally defend
Atlanta with two-linebacker, nickel and dime schemes.

"You try to mix it up," Packers coach Mike Holmgren says. Though George threw
for 366 yards, Atlanta rushed for just 21 yards and stalled on drives without
big passing plays. "Because if (George) can get into a rhythm and the receivers
are reading properly, it's awfully tough to stop them."

Shurmur's schemes, aided by defensive end Sean Jones' two sacks, were just part
of Green Bay's formula.

Antonio Freeman scored on a 76-yard punt return. Edgar Bennett rushed for a club
playoff-record 108 yards. Brett Favre threw for three touchdowns, including a
2-yard toss to tight end Mark Chmura that capped a 14-play, 85-yard drive that
was so balanced that nine receivers had catches, and Holmgren was prompted to
gush, "That's how I envision this offense."

Yet as much as such ball-control drives can help neutralize the 49ers' offense,
Holmgren clearly recognizes Shurmur's potential.

In 1990, when Holmgren was the 49ers' offensive coordinator, an NFL-record-tying
18-game winning streak was ended by the Rams 28-17, when Shurmur unveiled his
"Big Nickel" scheme to disrupt the 49ers' rhythm.

While with Arizona in 1992, Shurmur's schemes also were pivotal to the
Cardinals' 24-14 upset.

"Fritz would change things around on us," remembers Holmgren, who will face his
former team for the first time. "At that time, we had a little bit better
personnel, yet we had some tough times with them. That's one of the reasons I
hired Fritz."

Now, with defensive end Reggie White slowed by a tender hamstring that limited
him to spot duty Sunday, Shurmur seeks more magic against the 49ers.

"I've got a lot of scars against them, too," he says. "So, I don't know if it
brings out the best in me or the worst. I do know that you've got to bring your
lunch pail."

And the first priority?

"People think, 'Take Jerry Rice away,' and then the other guy beats you,"
Shurmur says. "Double-up on the outside, and Brent Jones beats you. Then, you've
got the dimension of Steve Young, moving. . . . You need to pay attention to the
details. That's the thing that keeps you in it. Nobody said it was easy."

LOAD-DATE: January 03, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, John Ruthroff, AFP

NATIONAL FOOTBALL LEAGUE

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             June 25, 2009 Thursday

Police investigating fraud in artifacts case

BYLINE: Geoffrey Fattah Deseret News

LENGTH: 370 words


The wife of a prominent southeastern Utah doctor who committed suicide amid an
investigation into the illegal trade of Indian artifacts might be the focus of a
new investigation into an alleged fraudulent multilevel marketing scheme.
According to a search warrant released Wednesday, federal agents reported
running across evidence of fraud while serving a search warrant at the Blanding
home of Dr. James Redd and his wife, Jeanne Redd, on June 10. The warrant was
part of a larger operation in which 24 people from Utah, New Mexico and Colorado
were arrested and accused of possessing and trading in ancient American Indian
artifacts. Jeanne and James Redd were both indicted in the case. Shortly after
the announcements of the indictments, authorities reported that James Redd had
taken his own life.

Last Friday, a second suspect, Steven L. Shrader of Santa Fe, N.M., also killed
himself, according to the FBI. The case has been touted as the nation's largest
investigation into the theft of archaeological objects. But a new criminal
investigation appears to have developed from the case. According to the recent
warrant, federal agents seized four computers and a series of hand-written
journals from the Redds' home in Blanding. Based on a review of the journal
entries, which authorities say were written by both James and Jeanne Redd, it
appears that Jeanne Redd, and possibly James, "were engaged in a fraudulent
scheme to obtain money from a multilevel marketing company." U.S. attorney for
Utah spokeswoman Melodie Rydalch said her office is not releasing any details
about which company it is or the nature of the scheme, citing an ongoing
investigation. Rydalch said the apparent scheme noted in the journals has no
connection to the artifact case. Typically if law enforcement officers serve a
warrant for a particular crime and run across evidence of another crime, agents
must file for a separate warrant, as they did this week. The computers are
currently being analyzed at the FBI's Regional Computer Forensic Laboratory in
Salt Lake City. Federal officials told the Deseret News on Wednesday they plan
to file a motion to have charges dropped against the late James Redd. E-MAIL:
gfattah@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                             May 18, 1972, Thursday

SECTION: Page 8, Column 1

LENGTH: 201 words

SEC asks Fed Ct May 17 to halt sale of G W Turner franchising scheme on ground
that it is nothing but 'a device, scheme and artifice to defraud,' Portland,
Ore; says such a pyramid franchising scheme constitutes a security and must be
sold only in compliance with applicable securities laws; holds that product
being sold by Turner is not self-improvemnt courses that are marketed under name
'Dare to Be Great' but instead courses are 'vehicle by which defendants involve
purchasers' in 'centrally directed, nationwide, pyramid selling scheme, whereby
investors are induced by promise of fantastic income'; this is 1st time SEC has
asked cts to enforce its view that pyramid promotion schemes are securities;
comm asks for both preliminary and permanent injuctions that would bar use of
mails or any other instrument of interstate transportation or communication
unless securities are registered with comm; asks ct to appt receiver for all
Turner's assets and records; in addition to Turner himself, defendants named are
G W Turner Enterprises Inc, Dare to Be Great Inc and 9 individuals: H Wilder, H
B Atkinson, J E O'Brien, A Smith, Le R Beale, D R (Pete) Monroe, H D Everard, G
E Arthur and W C Sant

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1972 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Two Florida Men Plead Guilty to Multi-State Biodiesel Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 514  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Thomas Davanzo, of Estero, Florida, and Robert Fedyna, of Naples, Florida,
pleaded guilty today for their participation in a multi-state scheme to defraud
biodiesel buyers and U.S. taxpayers by fraudulently selling biodiesel credits
and fraudulently claiming tax credits, announced Assistant Attorney General John
C. Cruden of the Justice Department's Environment and Natural Resources Division
and U.S. Attorney A. Lee Bentley III of the Middle District of Florida.





 Davanzo and Fedyna operated several shell companies that were used to
facilitate the scheme.  As part of the scheme, Davanzo and Fedyna operated
entities that purported to purchase renewable fuel, on which credits had been
claimed and which was ineligible for additional credits, produced by their
co-conspirators at Gen-X Energy Group (Gen-X), headquartered in Pasco,
Washington, and its subsidiary, Southern Resources and Commodities (SRC),
located in Dublin, Georgia.  They then used a series of false transactions to
transform the fuel back into feedstock needed for the production of renewable
fuel, and sold it back to Gen-X or SRC, allowing credits to be claimed again.
This cycle was repeated multiple times.



 In addition, both Davanzo and Fedyna laundered the proceeds of the scheme
through various shell entities.  Davanzo and Fedyna established bank accounts in
the names of shell entities.  Funds were cycled through these shell companies'
bank accounts to perpetuate the fraud scheme and conceal its proceeds.



 Davanzo and Fedyna also directed and participated in the generation of false
paperwork designed to create the façade that the renewable identification number
(or RIN, a serial number used to track biodiesel credits) created and claimed by
co-conspirators were legitimate.  The paperwork included false invoices from
Gen-X or SRC to shell entities, which purported to show sales of renewable fuel,
false invoices from shell entities to Gen-X and SRC, which purported to show the
purchase of feedstock and false bills of lading, which purported to show the
transportation of fuel and feedstock by tanker truck.



 From March 2013 to March 2014, the co-conspirators generated at least 60
million RINs that were based on fuel that was either never produced or was
merely re-processed at the Gen-X or SRC facilities.  The co-conspirators
received at least $42 million from the sale of these fraudulent RINs to third
parties.  In addition, Gen-X received approximately $4,360,724.50 in false tax
credits for this fuel.



 This case was investigated by the U.S. Secret Service, the Environmental
Protection Agency -Criminal Investigation Division, and the Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation. It was prosecuted by Assistant United States
Attorneys Sara C. Sweeney and Megan Kistler and Trial Attorney Adam Cullman of
the Environment and Natural Resources Division of the Department of Justice.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday

Two Florida Men Plead Guilty to Multi-State Biodiesel Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 516  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office of Public Affairs Department of Justice has issued the following news
release:



  Thomas Davanzo, of Estero, Florida, and Robert Fedyna, of Naples, Florida,
pleaded guilty today for their participation in a multi-state scheme to defraud
biodiesel buyers and U.S. taxpayers by fraudulently selling biodiesel credits
and fraudulently claiming tax credits, announced Assistant Attorney General John
C. Cruden of the Justice Department's Environment and Natural Resources Division
and U.S. Attorney A. Lee Bentley III of the Middle District of Florida.





 Davanzo and Fedyna operated several shell companies that were used to
facilitate the scheme.  As part of the scheme, Davanzo and Fedyna operated
entities that purported to purchase renewable fuel, on which credits had been
claimed and which was ineligible for additional credits, produced by their
co-conspirators at Gen-X Energy Group (Gen-X), headquartered in Pasco,
Washington, and its subsidiary, Southern Resources and Commodities (SRC),
located in Dublin, Georgia.  They then used a series of false transactions to
transform the fuel back into feedstock needed for the production of renewable
fuel, and sold it back to Gen-X or SRC, allowing credits to be claimed again.
This cycle was repeated multiple times.



 In addition, both Davanzo and Fedyna laundered the proceeds of the scheme
through various shell entities.  Davanzo and Fedyna established bank accounts in
the names of shell entities.  Funds were cycled through these shell companies'
bank accounts to perpetuate the fraud scheme and conceal its proceeds.



 Davanzo and Fedyna also directed and participated in the generation of false
paperwork designed to create the façade that the renewable identification number
(or RIN, a serial number used to track biodiesel credits) created and claimed by
co-conspirators were legitimate.  The paperwork included false invoices from
Gen-X or SRC to shell entities, which purported to show sales of renewable fuel,
false invoices from shell entities to Gen-X and SRC, which purported to show the
purchase of feedstock and false bills of lading, which purported to show the
transportation of fuel and feedstock by tanker truck.



 From March 2013 to March 2014, the co-conspirators generated at least 60
million RINs that were based on fuel that was either never produced or was
merely re-processed at the Gen-X or SRC facilities.  The co-conspirators
received at least $42 million from the sale of these fraudulent RINs to third
parties.  In addition, Gen-X received approximately $4,360,724.50 in false tax
credits for this fuel.



 This case was investigated by the U.S. Secret Service, the Environmental
Protection Agency -Criminal Investigation Division, and the Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation. It was prosecuted by Assistant United States
Attorneys Sara C. Sweeney and Megan Kistler and Trial Attorney Adam Cullman of
the Environment and Natural Resources Division of the Department of Justice.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 24, 2016 Friday

Washington: Two Florida Men Plead Guilty to Multi-State Biodiesel Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 513  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Thomas Davanzo, of Estero, Florida, and Robert Fedyna, of Naples, Florida,
pleaded guilty today for their participation in a multi-state scheme to defraud
biodiesel buyers and U.S. taxpayers by fraudulently selling biodiesel credits
and fraudulently claiming tax credits, announced Assistant Attorney General John
C. Cruden of the Justice Department's Environment and Natural Resources Division
and U.S. Attorney A. Lee Bentley III of the Middle District of Florida.

Davanzo and Fedyna operated several shell companies that were used to facilitate
the scheme.  As part of the scheme, Davanzo and Fedyna operated entities that
purported to purchase renewable fuel, on which credits had been claimed and
which was ineligible for additional credits, produced by their co-conspirators
at Gen-X Energy Group (Gen-X), headquartered in Pasco, Washington, and its
subsidiary, Southern Resources and Commodities (SRC), located in Dublin,
Georgia.  They then used a series of false transactions to transform the fuel
back into feedstock needed for the production of renewable fuel, and sold it
back to Gen-X or SRC, allowing credits to be claimed again.  This cycle was
repeated multiple times. In addition, both Davanzo and Fedyna laundered the
proceeds of the scheme through various shell entities.  Davanzo and Fedyna
established bank accounts in the names of shell entities.  Funds were cycled
through these shell companies' bank accounts to perpetuate the fraud scheme and
conceal its proceeds. Davanzo and Fedyna also directed and participated in the
generation of false paperwork designed to create the façade that the renewable
identification number (or RIN, a serial number used to track biodiesel credits)
created and claimed by co-conspirators were legitimate.  The paperwork included
false invoices from Gen-X or SRC to shell entities, which purported to show
sales of renewable fuel, false invoices from shell entities to Gen-X and SRC,
which purported to show the purchase of feedstock and false bills of lading,
which purported to show the transportation of fuel and feedstock by tanker
truck. From March 2013 to March 2014, the co-conspirators generated at least 60
million RINs that were based on fuel that was either never produced or was
merely re-processed at the Gen-X or SRC facilities.  The co-conspirators
received at least $42 million from the sale of these fraudulent RINs to third
parties.  In addition, Gen-X received approximately $4,360,724.50 in false tax
credits for this fuel. This case was investigated by the U.S. Secret Service,
the Environmental Protection Agency -Criminal Investigation Division, and the
Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation. It was prosecuted by Assistant
United States Attorneys Sara C. Sweeney and Megan Kistler and Trial Attorney
Adam Cullman of the Environment and Natural Resources Division of the Department
of Justice.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          WXMI-TV, Grand Rapids, Mich.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 9, 2012 Monday

BRIEF: Pyramid Scheme Launching Day-Long Indie-Rock Concert

BYLINE: Matthew Makowski, WXMI-TV, Grand Rapids, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 210 words


April 09--GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. -- The Pyramid Scheme will be closing down a block
of downtown Grand Rapids for a day-long, outdoor festival-style concert this
summer called T Rex Fest.

The venue will occupy the block of Oakes St. SW between S. Division Ave. and
Commerce Ave. on June 16. The festival will showcase seven regional and national
independent music acts. The four announced so far include, Flint rapper Jon
Connor, Detroit-area folk rockers Frontier Ruckus, Iowa pop act Leslie and the
LYs, and Brooklyn-based punk band The Men.

The remaining three performers will be revealed today, Tuesday and Wednesday at
the T Rex Fest website, and tickets will go on sale Wednesday afternoon. Tickets
will cost $20 in advance via Ticketweb, and $25 day of show at the gate.

Pyramid Scheme general manager April Basile says the outdoor setup will
accommodate 3,500 people. The bar will transfer its liquor license outside for
the festival, which will be 21 and older, and lasts from 2:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m.
The first act will perform at 3:00 p.m. An afterparty will take place inside The
Pyramid Scheme starting at 10:00 p.m.

___ (c)2012 WXMI-TV (Grand Rapids, Mich.) Visit WXMI-TV (Grand Rapids, Mich.) at
www.fox17online.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120409-5GR-BRF-Pyramid-Scheme
-Launching-Day-Long-Indie-Rock-Concert-0409-20120409

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5GR


                                 Copyright 2012


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Target series

                               February 19, 2014

Cash to keep sanctuary scheme secure

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 270  words


A Scheme to help make life safer for victims of domestic abuse in Boston has
been supported by local people.

Fundraisers have presented £1,461.61 to the Boston Sanctuary Scheme which equips
the homes of the vulnerable with high levels of security.

This brings the total raised by the Friends of the Boston Sanctuary Scheme to
£2,776.11 in recent months following a fundraising dinner at Horncastle's
Magpies Restaurant With Rooms, a charity auction, a sale of hand-finished
Christmas cards, donations and a ladies' self-defence awareness and fundraising
afternoon at Function First in Louth.

Last year, the scheme was in danger of collapse because of lack of funding. The
scheme has supported 200 victims since its launch in Boston in 2010.

Carol Robinson heard about the predicament through her magistrate husband and
decided to involve her friends, relations and associates in a fundraising
venture for the scheme.

She said: "We all believed that victims of domestic abuse need the opportunity
and the support to live safely in their own homes.

"We were determined the Sanctuary Scheme should not fail for want of funding for
equipment when all the other support structures were in place."

The money will help pay for 'target hardening' equipment for the Sanctuary
Scheme, such as spy holes, intercom systems, fire alarms, fire extinguishers,
door chains, light timers, safety alarms and memo cams and memo cards, which are
super-efficient video cameras which detect any unexpected movement inside or
outside the home.

If you can help the Sanctuary scheme please contact Peter on 01205 314245 or
email peter.hunn@boston.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 95


                    Copyright 2014 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           November 3, 2012 Saturday

'Tax Registration and Enforcement Initiative': major step towards bringing 4
million into tax net

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLVIII No. 303

LENGTH: 1130  words


The proposed 'Tax Registration and Enforcement Initiative' of the Federal Board
of Revenue should be approved by present political regime otherwise caretaker
government may take this initiative for documentation of economy. A senior FBR
official told reporters here on Friday that the present government should
seriously think of introducing 'Tax Registration and Enforcement Initiative' as
one of the major measures for registration of 4 million potential persons.

If the present government would miss this opportunity, the caretaker government
can bring Presidential Ordinance for introducing scheme as per law of necessity.
The scheme is need of the hour for our country where economy is going down and
all efforts in the past to document potential persons have not produced the
desired results.

It is high time that the government should put this initiative in force as there
is no other option at present to put the economy on growth trajectory, bringing
in million of potential taxpayers into the tax net, would definitely add
billions of rupees to the national exchequer in terms of revenue, he maintained.

Responding to a query, official said that the FBR has yet to formally present
the draft of the scheme to Ministry of Finance. If the government would not
accept the proposed scheme, the FBR will not have to revise downward the revenue
collection target of Rs 2381 billion for 2012-13. The FBR would continue with
the enforcement drive as per existing law, he added.

Meanwhile, Senior Member Tax Policy Asrar Raouf during meet-the-press
highlighted major differences between past amnesty scheme and proposed Tax
Registration and Enforcement Initiative'. Top tax manager also discussed
alternate strategies towards achieving revenue targets. Under the past schemes,
foreign assets cannot be documented or legalised. However, under the new scheme,
the foreign assets could be legalized. Another major difference between the past
and new scheme is that the major deterrence in the form of data is available
under the new scheme.

He said that the FBR is not offering any kind of immunity through the 'Tax
Registration and Enforcement Initiative'. However, an opportunity would be given
to the people to come forward and get registered with the tax department. The
FBR has ample information about the assets, foreign travel, vehicles, education
and all other data where computerised national identity card numbers (CNICs)
have been used. The FBR merely wanted to give opportunity to the potential
persons to get themselves registered otherwise their CNICs would be blocked and
they would be unable to operate their bank accounts or travel and carryout any
transaction where CNICs have been used. The FBR would complete the legal process
of provisional assessment under section 122C of the Income Tax Ordinance 2001
before blockage of CNICs of the un-registered persons.

To tackle the persons not availing the incentives of the proposed scheme, he
informed that the individuals not availing the scheme would face suspension of
their CNICs and this suspension would indirectly mean placement of their names
on Exit Control List (ECL) as these persons would not be able to travel abroad,
make any land or property transaction or bank transaction.

Asrar Raouf was confident that the proposed scheme would be instrumental in
achieving desired results in the prevailing economic conditions of the country.
Still there are a number of companies who are not on the tax roll. At the same
time, the sales tax registration is also need to be improved by expanding tax
net. He said that during the last 3-4 years, different countries have introduced
the tax registration schemes. USA, Israel, Australia and Spain had launched the
schemes for the documentation of economy. Spain had offered 10 percent rate for
legalisation of un-disclosed assets. Currently this scheme of bringing new
taxpayers into the tax net has been offered in Spain. A new scheme of bringing
potential taxpayers into the tax net is applicable in the Texas State of USA.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has also
drafted a paper on the assets registration scheme and shared the same with all
the countries. If the most advance countries like USA can offer registration
schemes, the why the FBR cannot offer such scheme to document the whole economy
and bring un-documented persons into the tax net.

The FBR has proposed minimum rate of one percent for the legalisation of
un-disclosed assets and income keeping in view 2 percent market rate offered for
legalisation of money through Hawala and Hundi system. Under the Protection of
Economic Reforms Act, the income tax department cannot probe source of
investment made from foreign remittances. In the market, un-disclosed earning
has been legalised at 2 percent by remitting foreign remittances. Thus, the
proposed rate for legalisation has been kept lower to one percent as compared to
market rate of 2 percent.

He said that the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has conveyed to the
government that why the FBR is not going after un-documented persons in the
presence of authentic data available with tax authorities. However, fact is that
the FBR has not the capacity to simultaneously initiate recovery proceedings
against 4 million persons.

He further said that the FBR has run the data of un-registered persons on the
basis of certain parameters and numbers for identification of potential
individuals. About the estimated revenue from different initiatives, he said
that around Rs 96 billion is expected to be generated through new scheme; Rs 32
billion from budgetary measures announced in the budget (2012-13), Rs 24 billion
through regularisation of 0.3 million smuggled vehicles and remaining amount is
expected from settlement of past dues through Alternate Dispute Resolution (ADR)
mechanism and recovery of arrears.

Sharing latest position of revenue collection, Asrar Raouf said that the FBR has
provisionally collected Rs 140 billion in October 2012 against Rs 126 billion in
corresponding period of last fiscal, reflecting an increase of Rs 14 billion.
The target of October 2012 was Rs 176 billion. Due to four Eid holidays, the FBR
was not able to collect around Rs 20-22 billion.

One holiday cause around Rs 4-5 billion loss to the national exchequer. The FBR
has provisionally collected Rs 549 billion during July-October 2012-2013 against
Rs 613 billion target for the period under review. During first quarter 2012-13,
the FBR has collected Rs 409 billion against the target of Rs 437 billion during
this period. To a question, Asrar Raouf said that the FBR is planning to
introduce a simplified return form in Urdu language and FBR is also translating
tax laws including return form to facilitate the business and trade.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           November 3, 2012 Saturday

'Tax Registration and Enforcement Initiative': major step towards bringing 4
million into tax net

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLVIII No. 303

LENGTH: 1130  words


The proposed 'Tax Registration and Enforcement Initiative' of the Federal Board
of Revenue should be approved by present political regime otherwise caretaker
government may take this initiative for documentation of economy. A senior FBR
official told reporters here on Friday that the present government should
seriously think of introducing 'Tax Registration and Enforcement Initiative' as
one of the major measures for registration of 4 million potential persons.

If the present government would miss this opportunity, the caretaker government
can bring Presidential Ordinance for introducing scheme as per law of necessity.
The scheme is need of the hour for our country where economy is going down and
all efforts in the past to document potential persons have not produced the
desired results.

It is high time that the government should put this initiative in force as there
is no other option at present to put the economy on growth trajectory, bringing
in million of potential taxpayers into the tax net, would definitely add
billions of rupees to the national exchequer in terms of revenue, he maintained.

Responding to a query, official said that the FBR has yet to formally present
the draft of the scheme to Ministry of Finance. If the government would not
accept the proposed scheme, the FBR will not have to revise downward the revenue
collection target of Rs 2381 billion for 2012-13. The FBR would continue with
the enforcement drive as per existing law, he added.

Meanwhile, Senior Member Tax Policy Asrar Raouf during meet-the-press
highlighted major differences between past amnesty scheme and proposed Tax
Registration and Enforcement Initiative'. Top tax manager also discussed
alternate strategies towards achieving revenue targets. Under the past schemes,
foreign assets cannot be documented or legalised. However, under the new scheme,
the foreign assets could be legalized. Another major difference between the past
and new scheme is that the major deterrence in the form of data is available
under the new scheme.

He said that the FBR is not offering any kind of immunity through the 'Tax
Registration and Enforcement Initiative'. However, an opportunity would be given
to the people to come forward and get registered with the tax department. The
FBR has ample information about the assets, foreign travel, vehicles, education
and all other data where computerised national identity card numbers (CNICs)
have been used. The FBR merely wanted to give opportunity to the potential
persons to get themselves registered otherwise their CNICs would be blocked and
they would be unable to operate their bank accounts or travel and carryout any
transaction where CNICs have been used. The FBR would complete the legal process
of provisional assessment under section 122C of the Income Tax Ordinance 2001
before blockage of CNICs of the un-registered persons.

To tackle the persons not availing the incentives of the proposed scheme, he
informed that the individuals not availing the scheme would face suspension of
their CNICs and this suspension would indirectly mean placement of their names
on Exit Control List (ECL) as these persons would not be able to travel abroad,
make any land or property transaction or bank transaction.

Asrar Raouf was confident that the proposed scheme would be instrumental in
achieving desired results in the prevailing economic conditions of the country.
Still there are a number of companies who are not on the tax roll. At the same
time, the sales tax registration is also need to be improved by expanding tax
net. He said that during the last 3-4 years, different countries have introduced
the tax registration schemes. USA, Israel, Australia and Spain had launched the
schemes for the documentation of economy. Spain had offered 10 percent rate for
legalisation of un-disclosed assets. Currently this scheme of bringing new
taxpayers into the tax net has been offered in Spain. A new scheme of bringing
potential taxpayers into the tax net is applicable in the Texas State of USA.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has also
drafted a paper on the assets registration scheme and shared the same with all
the countries. If the most advance countries like USA can offer registration
schemes, the why the FBR cannot offer such scheme to document the whole economy
and bring un-documented persons into the tax net.

The FBR has proposed minimum rate of one percent for the legalisation of
un-disclosed assets and income keeping in view 2 percent market rate offered for
legalisation of money through Hawala and Hundi system. Under the Protection of
Economic Reforms Act, the income tax department cannot probe source of
investment made from foreign remittances. In the market, un-disclosed earning
has been legalised at 2 percent by remitting foreign remittances. Thus, the
proposed rate for legalisation has been kept lower to one percent as compared to
market rate of 2 percent.

He said that the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has conveyed to the
government that why the FBR is not going after un-documented persons in the
presence of authentic data available with tax authorities. However, fact is that
the FBR has not the capacity to simultaneously initiate recovery proceedings
against 4 million persons.

He further said that the FBR has run the data of un-registered persons on the
basis of certain parameters and numbers for identification of potential
individuals. About the estimated revenue from different initiatives, he said
that around Rs 96 billion is expected to be generated through new scheme; Rs 32
billion from budgetary measures announced in the budget (2012-13), Rs 24 billion
through regularisation of 0.3 million smuggled vehicles and remaining amount is
expected from settlement of past dues through Alternate Dispute Resolution (ADR)
mechanism and recovery of arrears.

Sharing latest position of revenue collection, Asrar Raouf said that the FBR has
provisionally collected Rs 140 billion in October 2012 against Rs 126 billion in
corresponding period of last fiscal, reflecting an increase of Rs 14 billion.
The target of October 2012 was Rs 176 billion. Due to four Eid holidays, the FBR
was not able to collect around Rs 20-22 billion.

One holiday cause around Rs 4-5 billion loss to the national exchequer. The FBR
has provisionally collected Rs 549 billion during July-October 2012-2013 against
Rs 613 billion target for the period under review. During first quarter 2012-13,
the FBR has collected Rs 409 billion against the target of Rs 437 billion during
this period. To a question, Asrar Raouf said that the FBR is planning to
introduce a simplified return form in Urdu language and FBR is also translating
tax laws including return form to facilitate the business and trade.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 1, 1991, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Telemarketing Fraud Case Is Tentatively Settled

BYLINE: By BARRY MEIER

SECTION: Section D; Page 7; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 636 words


The Federal Trade Commission said yesterday that it had tentatively settled its
largest telemarketing fraud case ever, one that is expected to return $47
million to 8,230 consumers who bought phony oil and gas leases in the early
1980's.

The F.T.C.'s case was tied to a related civil suit in United States District
Court in Miami, which was filed against lawyers, accountants, bankers and the
Better Business Bureau.

The professional firms and the consumer group were accused of helping three
telemarketing companies commit the fraud. The firms include Alexander &
Alexander Inc., a leading insurance broker based in New York, the Better
Business Bureau of South Florida, in Miami, and the Council of Better Business
Bureaus, a national organization based in Arlington, Va.

Jurisdictional Problem

The F.T.C. has no jurisdiction over lawyers, accountants and consumer groups,
but they were sued by a Florida lawyer who acted as the court-appointed receiver
for the U.S. Oil and Gas Corporation, the Eagle Oil and Gas Corporation and the
Stratford Companies, the three companies that had committed the oil and gas
lease schemes. Consumers bilked in the complex scheme will recoup about 90
percent of their investments of $5,000 to $10,000, once the proposed settlement
is made final as expected this fall.

In 1985, Henry Scott Harris, a one-time president of the Better Business Bureau
of South Florida in Miami, and several employees of the telemarketing companies,
were convicted of Federal conspiracy charges stemming from the scheme. Mr.
Harris's role was to suppress consumer complaints made to his organization.

In settling the civil case against the professional firms and consumer group,
all defendants denied knowing about the oil and gas scheme. But as a group they
agreed to pay at least $30 million to settle the charges against them. The
assets of the three companies will also go toward the overall settlement.

Services That Were Sold

The case dates to the early 1980's when the three companies sold a service to
consumers that would purportedly help in winning Federal oil and gas leases. The
companies also contended that even those who did not win leases would eventually
get their money back because part of each investor's fee was being used to buy
annuities for them.

But the annuities were purchased in the names of company officials involved in
the scheme and not in the names of investors. Also, an investor's chance of
winning a lease was the same whether or not he used the companies' services.

The F.T.C. charged the companies in 1983 with deceptive sales practices, and a
Federal judge froze their assets, which were worth about $12 million at the
time. That year, Gerald Wald, a Miami lawyer, was appointed by a Federal judge
as the receiver for the companies.

On behalf of the scheme's victims, Mr. Wald filed lawsuits against various
individuals or organizations contending that they were aware of the company's
intent to defraud.

Incident Called an 'Aberration'

In tentatively settling the suit brought by Mr. Wald, the Council of Better
Business Bureaus and the Better Business Bureau of South Florida agreed to pay
$4.5 million. The suit accused the council of not exercising proper supervision
of the South Florida group. In a joint statement, the organizations called the
actions of Mr. Harris an aberration and said, "The settlement of this case
should mark the end of this unhappy chapter in Better Business history."

Alexander & Alexander agreed to pay $8.5 million. It was accused of knowing that
the annuities were in the names of telemarketing company officials.

Gary Sullivan, a spokesman for the insurance broker, denied the charge. "We deny
liability," he said, "but wish to avoid the risk and expense of further
litigation."

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 17, 2014 Tuesday

Virginia: Pair Sentenced for "Felony Lane" Scam

LENGTH: 577  words

DATELINE: Richmond


United States Attorney's Office for the Western District of Virginia has issued
the following press release:

A pair of individuals who have admitted to traveling up and down the East Coast,
breaking into cars and stealing property were sentenced yesterday in the United
States District Court for the Western District of Virginia in Harrisonburg.

Stephanie Jordan Kantz, 21, and Hataria Whitehead, 39, neither of whom have
permanent addresses on file, previously pled guilty to one count of conspiracy
to possess five or more identification documents that were not issued for the
use by the defendant, one count of conspiracy to use access devices that the
defendant was not authorized to use and one count of possessing without lawful
authority, a means of identification of another person in relation to another
crime.

Yesterday in District Court Kantz was sentenced to 24 months in federal prison
for her role in the scheme. Whitehead was sentenced to 94 months in federal
prison.

"These two defendants repeatedly stole checks, credit cards, and other items of
value during their weeks-long crime spree," United States Attorney Timothy J.
Heaphy said today. "While we will continue to hold those who commit these crimes
accountable, I want to remind everyone to take steps to secure valuables and
protect themselves from this kind of rudimentary but damaging fraud."

According to evidence presented at previous hearings by Special Assistant United
States Attorney Drew Smith, Kantz and Whitehead were involved in a "Felony Lane"
scam, a scheme in which individuals steal identification documents and
checkbooks or credit cards and then use the IDs to cash checks while posing as
the victim of the theft. The scheme was named for the "Felony Lane Gang" in
South Florida, who are believed to have originated scheme.

Kantz and Whitehead have admitted that between October 2, 2014 and October 22,
2014, they traveled from Florida to Virginia, with stops in Georgia, South
Carolina and North Carolina. Along the way, the defendants made a variety of
stops, each time they stopped they made, or attempted to make, purchases using
credit cards and identification documents that had been stolen. To further the
scheme, Kantz would wear wigs and make-up to alter her appearance to look more
like the victims in the stolen photo IDs.

The defendants had obtained the stolen credit cards and identification documents
by breaking into dozens of vehicles in multiple states. Typically, the
defendants would target vehicles parked in places where people were more likely
to leave their purses and other belongings in their vehicles, such as funeral
homes, churches, day care centers, gyms and parks. Upon finding a target
vehicle, Whitehead would break into the vehicles, sometimes using a window punch
to break a window. The two routinely broke into several vehicles in the same
location. The defendants targeted purses and electronics but credit cards,
checkbooks and ID documents were the most coveted items.

The two were ultimately arrested while attempting to break into vehicles inside
Shenandoah National Park. In all, the defendants caused at least $104,371 in
financial losses to their victims.

The investigation of the case was conducted by the United States Secret Service
and the National Park Service.  Special Assistant United States Attorney Drew
Smith prosecuted the case for the United States.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/vaw

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 1, 2013 Saturday

Stanford judge OKs interim distribution

BYLINE: Patsy R. Brumfield, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 411 words


June 01--DALLAS, Texas --Victims of R. Allen Stanford's Ponzi scheme will get
about 1 cent per dollar lost when his financial empire crashed in early 2009.

U.S. District Judge David C. Godbey on Thursday accepted the plan by Ralph
Janvey, the receiver appointed in 2009 to marshal and liquidate Stanford's
personal and business assets, to make a $55 million interim distribution to
about 17,000 claimants, or about 1 cent per dollar for the $5.1 billion lost in
the fraud scheme.

"We will follow it up in a subsequent distribution as the money comes in,"
Janvey's attorney, Kevin Sadler of Baker Botts LLP, told Godbey at a court
hearing in April.

The court agreed that payments will be made pro rata, equal to the percentage of
their allowed claims stated in previous "notices of determination." Victims
should expect to get notices from the receiver about how to participate.

By comparison, Ponzi scheme victims of Bernard L. Madoff, who was arrested in
December 2008, recovered more than $5.4 billion. Clients of the MF Global Inc.
brokerage were paid about $4.9 billion after its parent, MF Global Holdings
Ltd., failed in October 2011. Victims of a scheme by Peregrine Financial Group
Inc. founder Russell Wasendorf, who prosecutors last year said stole $215
million, received an interim distribution of $123 million.

Prosecutors and agents for the receiver admit few Stanford assets were left to
liquidate because he spent so much on lavish homes, yachts and a playboy
lifestyle.

Hundreds of Mississippians were among the investors as customers through
Stanford offices in Tupelo, Jackson and Memphis.

They lost their life savings and retirement funds when their certificate of
deposit investments became worthless with the collapse of the Houston,
Texas-based company.

The CDs were purchased through Stanford International Bank Ltd. in the
Caribbean, and many investors believed they were insured like U.S. bank
deposits, although they were not.

In March 2012, a federal grand jury in Houston convicted 63-year-old Stanford of
lying to investors about the nature and oversight of the CDs. The jurors decided
he must forfeit $330 million in accounts seized by the U.S. government.

Stanford is serving a 110-year sentence in a federal high-security prison.

patsy.brumfield@journalinc.com

___ (c)2013 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130601-TP-Stanford-judge-OKs-interim-distribution-0601-20130601

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2013 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                          September 20, 2005, Tuesday

State jobs step up their appeal

SECTION: Features; Public Agenda 11

LENGTH: 671 words


ACCORDING to the latest league table of top graduate

recruiters, public sector organisations are increasingly being ranked as
"employers of choice" by Britain's brightest university-leavers, writes Martin
Birchall.

The new edition of The Times Top 100 Graduate

Employers reveals that a record number of government departments, agencies and
other public sector recruiters are considered by recent graduates to offer the
best career prospects. The poll, conducted by High Fliers Research, is based on
interviews with 16,113 graduates who left leading universities this summer and
who were asked to identify Britain's most sought-after and respected graduate
employers.

Although the Big Four chartered accountancy firms dominate graduates' top
choices - PricewaterhouseCoopers has been ranked the No 1 employer for the
second year running and two of the other firms, KPMG and Deloitte, appear in the
leading six employers - there are now 16 public sector recruiters in the league
table.

They are led by the Civil Service, best known for its

prestigious Fast Stream scheme, which is again ranked second overall. Despite
its

recent round of job cuts, the BBC has achieved its best

result, fifth, just ahead of the NHS, which maintains its Top Ten ranking for
the third consecutive year.

Teach First, the innovative scheme that recruits graduates to teach in inner
city schools before joining industry or commerce, was one of the year's highest
climbers, leaping from 41st last year to 19th in 2005. The scheme is
increasingly recognised as one of Britain's largest and most popular graduate
programmes and is set to

expand further. "This year

we've been looking for about 200 graduates to work in London," says James
Darley, the director of recruitment for Teach First, "but we'll be increasing
our numbers in 2006 when the scheme is extended to include Manchester for the
first time." The police also fared well in the new league and entered the Top 20
for the first time, helped in part by the newly revamped "high potential
development scheme" which has been widely promoted to university graduates.

Elsewhere in the Top 100, the national graduate development scheme for local
government, which recruits new talent for councils and authorities in England
and Wales, has had another good year, climbing to 33rd position, and GCHQ, the
government communications centre, and the Environment Agency are two of the 12
new entries to the list this year.

It hasn't all been good news for public sector recruiters though. The lingering
conflict in Iraq has proved a turn-off for many considering a career with the
Armed Forces, and the Army - which is easily Britain's largest public sector
graduate recruiter with an

intake of 1,000 officers a year - has slipped out of the top ten graduate
employers for the first time since 1998.

The appeal of civilian

opportunities at the Ministry of Defence has slumped too. Once the top-ranked
individual government department, the MoD has dropped almost 50 places in the
past two years and is now ranked in 83rd place. Despite an annual

recruitment requirement for more than 100 engineering and science graduates, the
MoD withdrew from almost all university promotions in 2004 and as a result has
seen its profile with student job-hunters fall to a record low.

Other opportunities rated highly by the Class of 2005 graduates include science
and technology roles at DSTL,

so-called "general management" positions at MI5 - the Security Service - and the

ever-popular Foreign and Commonweath Office.

Martin Birchall is editor of The Times Top 100

Graduate Employers THE new 2005-06 edition of The Times Top 100 Graduate
Employers features many of Britain's best-known and most sought-after
organisations.

It has been published as a full-colour, hard-back book and is available from
Times Books First for only £13.49 (rrp £14.99).

To order a copy call 0870 1608080 or visit www.timesonline.co.uk/booksfirstbuy


LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2005 Times Newspapers Limited


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                              March 7 1988, Monday

Scheme linking firms and schools expands

BYLINE: SARAH THOMPSON, Education Reporter

SECTION: Issue 63022.

LENGTH: 260 words


A scheme started last year in east London to guarantee school-leavers a job if
they perform well at school has been expanded to two other areas in the capital.

The London Compact, an agreement between employers and Inner London schools,
will provide 1,500 teenagers with jobs next year.


The idea is expected to feature in today's announcement by the Government on its
plans to tackle inner city problems.

After last year's successful launch in east London, Marks & Spencer and Sainbury
are among companies which have agreed to offer jobs to teenagers in west London
and Citibank leads the employers involved in the scheme in south-east London.

The idea, inspired by a scheme in Boston, Massachusetts, is catching on quickly
around the country.

Ministers, including Mr Norman Fowler, Secretary of State for Employment, have
been impressed by the concept and the Government is expected to endorse its
statement on inner cities.

Fifth year pupils involved in the scheme have to meet educational goals agreed
on by heads and employers.

They must gain a graded result in English and mathematics and undertake at least
two weeks work experience. Pupils must also complete a course in personal,
social and health education; take part in a community service project; be at
school at least 85 per cent of the time; be late for school not more than once
in very 10 days and meet homework deadlines.

So far 29 firms have joined the scheme in Lodnon, including Whitbreads, the
Midland Bank and Barclays, Kleinwort Benson and Tesco.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1988 Times Newspapers Limited


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            December 13, 2009 Sunday

SECTION: B; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 486 words


PANAMA CITY BEACH

Suspect chokes to death on bag of marijuana

Bay County deputies say a 23-year-old man choked to death Friday when he was
jolted with a stun gun while trying to flee and swallow a bag of marijuana. The
News Herald newspaper said Andrew Grande ran from deputies responding to an
early morning physical disturbance call. Investigators saw him put something in
his mouth while he struggled with them. When he broke free, authorities stun
gunned him. Afterward, deputies saw he was choking but were unable to save him.

MIAMI

Ponzi scheme defendant guilty

A Miramar man is the second to plead guilty in a Ponzi scheme that defrauded
more than 600 Haitian-American investors of more than $12 million in 2008. Abner
Alabre, 33, pleaded guilty Friday to conspiracy to commit securities fraud. He
also forfeited his home, which authorities say was bought with proceeds from the
scheme run through Delray Beach-based HomePals Investment Club. He faces up to
five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Sentencing has not been scheduled.

OKEECHOBEE

Mustang roundup not squared away

Officials say they are having trouble rounding up some wild horses roaming South
Florida. The South Florida Water Management District has been attempting to
corral the more than 20 mustangs since October but the effort "isn't going as
well as planned," said the district's Linda Lindstrom. Officials think the
horses were freed north of Lake Okeechobee by owners who could no longer care
for them. The horses will be offered for adoption.

JUPITER

Signs advertise

suspect's face

Authorities hope new billboards can help them track down a man accused of
shooting four relatives to death after a Thanksgiving dinner in South Florida.
One billboard displaying the face of Paul Michael Merhige has been activated
near Delray Beach. Additional billboards are planned. Merhige is accused of
killing his twin sisters, one of whom was pregnant, as well as his 6-year-old
cousin and 79-year-old aunt.

CLINTON, Iowa

Mortarboard

to bridal veil

A 34-year-old Tampa woman graduated from Ashford University Saturday and then
rushed across campus to be married. Tricia Giordano says she has always been the
kind of person who loves to stay busy. She and groom Rich Munsey plan to move
back to Florida.

MIAMI

Mother forgiving

in death of baby

A Miami woman says she isn't blaming her mother for the death of an infant
inside a hot car. Cindy Steffans on Saturday released a statement about the
death of her 3-month-old daughter Wilyariz. Police say Steffans' mother, Miriam
Oliveras, left the baby in a car Thursday for about four hours in temperatures
that topped 100 degrees. Oliveras is charged with aggravated manslaughter of a
child.

Steffans says Oliveras "tried her best" to help care for the baby, whose father
was deported to Honduras earlier this year. Steffans says she doesn't blame her
mother for "the tragic accident that led to Wilyariz's death."

Times wires

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Florida Man Sentenced in $100 Million Surety Bond Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 637  words


Eric Campbell has been sentenced to four years, nine months in prison for
operating a multi-million dollar surety bond fraud scheme which caused not only
financial losses, but also created delays in construction projects across the
country and compromised bids resulting in some contracts being awarded to
unqualified construction companies.


"This defendant lied to building contractors and government agencies about his
qualifications to issue surety bonds. When his fraud was uncovered and a new
valid surety bond had to be found, the construction bidding process was
compromised for various projects across the country. There were construction
delays, and the construction firms that unwittingly purchased fraudulent surety
bonds from the defendant lost hundreds of thousands of dollars in premiums they
had paid," said Acting U.S. Attorney John Horn.
J. Britt Johnson, Special Agent in Charge, FBI Atlanta Field Office, stated:
"The level of fraud seen in this case was costly in many ways to those doing
business with Mr. Campbell. It is hoped that the sentencing of Mr. Campbell will
send a clear message to others that these types of criminal schemes to defraud
are destined to fail and those involved will be held accountable."
"Mr. Campbell orchestrated a scheme whereby he defrauded numerous individuals,
businesses, and state and local governments of money based on false
representations and promises" stated Veronica F. Hyman-Pillot, Special Agent in
Charge, IRS Criminal Investigation. "Hopefully the sentence today will send a
message to other individuals like Campbell, that this conduct will not be
tolerated."
According to Acting U.S. Attorney Horn, the charges and other information
presented in court: From August 2012 until July 2013, Campbell used several
corporations to sell fraudulent surety bonds on construction projects. Surety
bonds are three party bonding agreements in construction projects where a surety
company assures the project owner that a contractor will perform a construction
contract. The federal government and many state and local governments require a
surety bond for certain construction contracts.
Campbell caused fraudulent surety bonds to be submitted to DeKalb County,
Georgia; McDonough, Georgia; the U.S. Veterans Administration; Palo Alto,
California; the Commonwealth of Kentucky; American Somoa; the Army Corps of
Engineers; Nogales, Arizona; and several United States military bases, among
others.
The defendant fraudulently held himself out to contractors and government
agencies as having the authority to execute or issue surety bonds on behalf of
Federal Insurance Company and Pacific Indemnity Company, affiliates of the Chubb
group. To perpetuate the scheme, Campbell created fraudulent surety bonds,
embossed the bonds using a counterfeit seal and forged the signatures of Chubb
group officials. Campbell and his associates issued bonds with a face value of
more than $100 million and received premium payments of more than $2.2 million
during the course of the fraud. In addition to financial losses, Campbell's
fraud scheme caused delays in several construction projects and compromised the
construction bidding process because contracts were sometimes awarded to
unqualified construction companies.  Campbell, 57, of Orange Park, Florida, has
been sentenced by U.S. District Judge Thomas W. Thrash, Jr., to four years, nine
months in prison to be followed by three years of supervised release, and
ordered to pay restitution in the amount of $1,904,376.67. Campbell was been
convicted on this charge on October 20, 2014, after he pleaded guilty.
This case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Jeffrey Brown prosecuted the case. 2015 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                THE BRISTOL POST

                                January 26, 2000

CRUNCH DAY FOR CREST DOCKS PLAN;
 Rival Ferguson reveals backer

BYLINE: IAN ONIONS

SECTION: News, Pg.2

LENGTH: 364 words


COUNCILLORS will decide tonight whether to give permission for a controversial
250 million plan to redevelop the city's derelict docklands.

The scheme put forward by developers Crest Nicholson has created one of the
biggest planning rows in the city for decades.

Hundreds of protesters are expected to pack the main chamber at the Council
House for the debate tonight, which starts at 6pm.

About 50 people have requested to speak in the public forum section of the
meeting before councillors discuss the scheme and make a decision.

The council's planning officers have recommended that approval should be given
despite the outcry.

About 1,000 letters of objection have been sent to the council against the
scheme for more than 300 homes, an office quarter and leisure complex including
a 12-screen cinema and hotel.

Campaigners say the plan will block out historic views and overshadow the
Cathedral precincts. The developers have revised their original scheme by
lowering the height of the leisure complex to answer critics' fears.

Since then, a rival scheme called Little Venice has been put forward by city
architect George Ferguson. He has now revealed the main backer to his plan which
includes building a new canal in Canon's Marsh.

The consortium includes Urban Waterside, the developer behind a 90-acre
waterfront revival at Salford Quays, near Manchester, as well as three house
developers, an office developer, leisure developer, hotelier and housing
association. Mr Ferguson said by revealing the main name in the consortium, he
was answering critics who doubt his scheme's viability.

Crest Nicholson won a competition to develop the Canon's Marsh site which was
organised by the landowners, British Gas, the city council, JT Group and Lloyd's
TSB.

The developers employed leading architects Ove Arup and have won support from
groups such as the Bristol Chamber of Commerce and Initiative, as well as the
Bristol Cultural Partnership.

But the revised plans have attracted fierce competition led by the Friends of
Canon's Marsh. The Bishop of Bristol, the Rt Rev Barry Rogerson, has also
entered the debate by attacking the Crest scheme.


LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 2000 Bristol United Press


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday

Two Florida Men Sentenced To Over Ten Years In Prison For Multi-State Biodiesel
Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 727  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Middle District of Florida
has issued the following news release:



  Yesterday, Thomas Davanzo, of Estero, Florida, and Robert Fedyna, of Naples,
Florida, were sentenced to 121 months and 135 months in prison, respectively,
for their participation in a multi-state scheme to defraud biodiesel buyers and
U.S. taxpayers by fraudulently selling biodiesel credits and fraudulently
claiming tax credits, announced Assistant Attorney General John C. Cruden of the
Justice Department's Environment and Natural Resources Division and U.S.
Attorney A. Lee Bentley III of the Middle District of Florida.  Both defendants
were also ordered to forfeit ill-gotten gains from the conspiracy of over $46
million and other items to the government, including gold coins, jewelry and
Rolex watches, thoroughbred horses, vehicles and properties.





 Davanzo and Fedyna operated several shell companies that were used to
facilitate the scheme.  As part of the scheme, Davanzo and Fedyna operated
entities that purported to purchase renewable fuel, on which credits had been
claimed and which was ineligible for additional credits, produced by their
co-conspirators at Gen-X Energy Group (Gen-X), headquartered in Pasco,
Washington, and its subsidiary, Southern Resources and Commodities (SRC),
located in Dublin, Georgia.  They then used a series of false transactions to
transform the fuel back into feedstock needed for the production of renewable
fuel, and sold it back to Gen-X or SRC, allowing credits to be claimed again.
This cycle was repeated multiple times.



 "In their pursuit of personal gain, the defendants perpetrated a multi-state
conspiracy that defrauded and undermined a federal program intended to further
the energy independence of our nation," said Assistant Attorney General Cruden.
"Today's sentence is a just punishment for these serious crimes against the
American people."



 "We are proud to work with our federal law enforcement partners to identify and
investigate individuals that manipulate and utilize federal government programs
to line their pockets by fraud," said Kim Lappin, IRS Criminal Investigation,
Special Agent in Charge of the Tampa Field Office. "Today's sentencings mark the
successful result of an investigation that uncovered a complicated fraudulent
scheme that generated tens of millions of dollars through false biodiesel tax
credits.  IRS-Criminal Investigation will continue to work with the United
States Attorney's Office to prosecute all those involved."



 In addition, both Davanzo and Fedyna laundered the proceeds of the scheme
through various shell entities. Davanzo and Fedyna established bank accounts in
the names of shell entities. Funds were cycled through these shell companies'
bank accounts to perpetuate the fraud scheme and conceal its proceeds.



 Davanzo and Fedyna also directed and participated in the generation of false
paperwork designed to create the façade that the renewable identification number
(or RIN, a serial number used to track biodiesel credits) created and claimed by
co-conspirators were legitimate.  The paperwork included false invoices from
Gen-X or SRC to shell entities, which purported to show sales of renewable fuel,
false invoices from shell entities to Gen-X and SRC, which purported to show the
purchase of feedstock and false bills of lading, which purported to show the
transportation of fuel and feedstock by tanker truck.



 From March 2013 to March 2014, the co-conspirators generated at least 60
million RINs that were based on fuel that was either never produced or was
merely re-processed at the Gen-X or SRC facilities.  The co-conspirators
received at least $42 million from the sale of these fraudulent RINs to third
parties.  In addition, Gen-X received approximately $4,360,724.50 in false tax
credits for this fuel.



 This case was investigated by the U.S. Secret Service, the Environmental
Protection Agency -Criminal Investigation Division, and the Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation. It was prosecuted by Assistant United States
Attorneys Sara C. Sweeney and Megan Kistler and Trial Attorney Adam Cullman of
the Environment and Natural Resources Division of the Department of Justice.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 3, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to Microsoft Corporation (Washington) on December 31 titled as
"Use of topological charge measurements to change between different qubit
encodings"

LENGTH: 223  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,620,855, on
December 31, 2013, to Microsoft Corporation (Washington), titled as "Use of
topological charge measurements to change between different qubit encodings"

Inventors:  Bonderson; Parsa (Santa Barbara, CA)
Assignee:  Microsoft Corporation (Redmond, WA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method for changing qubit encoding for implementation of a quantum computational
gate is disclosed. Such a method may include providing first and second qubits
encoded in a plurality of non-abelian anyons according to a first encoding
scheme. The first encoding scheme may not be suitable for implementing a certain
topologically protected quantum computational gate, such as an entangling gate,
for example. Successive topological charge measurements may be performed on at
least a subset of the anyons until the qubits are encoded according to a second
encoding scheme. The second encoding scheme may be different from the first
encoding scheme, and may be suitable for implementing the gate."

The patent was filed on August 28, 2009 Application no. 12/549,754

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 29, 1985, Wednesday, Final Edition

Investment Swindles Booming Across U.S.;
Maryland Called Particularly Vulnerable

BYLINE: By Nancy L. Ross, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Business; F3

LENGTH: 690 words


More than half a century after Charles Ponzi bilked American investors out of
millions of dollars, making his name synonymous with phony get-rich-quick
schemes, the country again is experiencing a rash of financial swindles, the
North American Securities Administrators Association warned yesterday.

A 50-state survey conducted last month by NASAA and the Council of Better
Business Bureaus revealed that, in the past three years, tens of thousands of
people have been involved in 30 major investment frauds totaling $750 million.

"The current era of confusion and chaos is a made-to-order incubator for
financial fraud, which has emerged as nothing short of a boom industry today,"
NASAA President H. Wayne Howell said.

The States of Maryland, Utah, California, Colorado and Texas were cited in the
study as particularly vulnerable to pyramid-type frauds. Association officials
suggested Maryland is particularly vulnerable to such schemes because of the
small size of its regulatory agency in this area.

Colorado Securities Commissioner Royce Griffin said the frontier spirit, the
penny stock market adventurism and the tradition of Mormons trusting others of
that faith with their money made suckers out of some investors.

Howell faulted the Securities and Exchange Commission for concentrating on
important cases affecting the capital markets rather than on investor swindles.
He called for more enforcement at the state and federal levels.

Ponzi, an Italian immigrant living in Boston in 1920, based his scheme on
international postal reply coupons that took advantage of fluctuations in
foreign exchange rates. He had agents buy coupons cheap with American money in
countries where the currency was depressed and then convert them to cash in the
United States at five times their purchase price. Flushed with success and
besieged by investors, Ponzi soon forsook the coupons and used the money of new
investors to pay old ones. He promised to double their money in 90 days.

Today's investments are more sophisticated than postal reply coupons -- but the
investors aren't, according to NASAA officials. Promoters entice investors with
promises of making a killing in enterprises such as earthworm farms, raising
rabbits to sell their fur to Asian immigrants, cultivating yogurt for sale to
cosmetics companies and raising silkworms. Almost invariably, the investors find
there is no market for their product, NASAA officials said.

According to NASAA, there also have been Ponzi schemes masquerading as more
respectable investments such as mutual funds, oil and gas funds, mortgage
brokering, mass-market tax shelters, options and money market accounts. The
association said some of the schemes start out as legitimate investments, but
run into trouble. Whatever the vehicle, all such schemes have a common theme:
guaranteed riches in a short time for those who invest quickly. Original
investors get handsome returns and spread the word to others, but eventually the
bubble bursts when not enough new money can be obtained to pay off old accounts.

In the past two years, Maryland's State Securities Division has uncovered at
least four frauds involving about $56 million. In one such case, Kenneth Heyman
received between $3 million and $4 million from state investors in 1983 and 1984
by promising annual yields of 24 percent to 120 percent for conferred judgment
notes invested in unspecified areas. The state issued a cease-and-desist order
against him last year, according to NASAA.

Maryland depends on tips from disgruntled investors because its nine-member
staff is too small to initiate investigations, said Commissioner Susan
Rittenhouse. But she said investors only contact her when the checks bounce. She
and the other commissioners urge the public to check their state securities
offices before investing to find out whether the promoter has a record and
whether the investment is registered properly. In Maryland, the number is (301)
576-6360.

Some investors who have been taken are too embarrassed to admit it, so some
crooks never are prosecuted, Rittenhouse said. Others get off with light
sentences.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: California Financier Charged in Alleged Ponzi Scheme

LENGTH: 388  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

A California man and purported billionaire financier was taken into federal
custody today for his role in an alleged Ponzi scheme in which investors lost
$2.5 million, announced Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the
Justice Department's Criminal Division and Inspector in Charge Gary Barksdale of
the U.S. Postal Inspection Service's Criminal Investigations Group.

Kenneth Brewington, 50, of Corona, California, was indicted on Feb. 24, 2015, by
a federal grand jury in the District of Colorado for conspiracy to commit wire
and mail fraud, mail fraud and six counts of wire fraud.

According to allegations in the indictment, from September 2009 until 2011,
Brewington and his co-conspirators sold promissory notes to investors through a
financial services marketing company based in Denver called Compass Financial
Solutions (CFS).  The indictment alleges that Brewington and his co-conspirators
falsely represented to investors that Brewington held millions of Euros in
overseas bank accounts, and that the proceeds raised from investors would be
used to obtain the release of his overseas funds.  To conceal the scheme,
Brewington and his co-conspirators allegedly had investors wire their funds to
an attorney trust account.  The funds from that account, however, were then
allegedly sent to Brewington and his co-conspirators.  Brewington and his
co-conspirators allegedly used the investors' money for their own personal
benefit.

The former corporate counsel for CFS, William E. Dawn, 77, of Denver, and the
former CEO of CFS, Brian G. Elrod, 58, of Lakewood, Colorado, previously pleaded
guilty for their roles in the scheme.  Sentencing hearings are scheduled for May
29, 2015, and May 22, 2015, respectively.

The charges contained in an indictment are merely accusations, and the defendant
is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The case was investigated by the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, and is being
prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Henry P. Van Dyck and Jennifer G. Ballantyne of
the Criminal Division's Fraud Section.  The Securities and Exchange Commission
has provided substantial assistance in this matter.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           September 3, 2009 Thursday

BUSINESS AT A GLANCE;

BYLINE:

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 341 words


STORE KRAFT CUTS BACK HOURS AND WAGES

Store Kraft in Beatrice announced hour or wage reductions for all corporate
employees effective Aug. 24. The manufacturer of retail fixtures said it has
planned a staggered, temporary reduction of production effective Monday that is
expected to last six to eight weeks.

Gary Cook, president and chief executive said, "We anticipate returning to
normal staffing levels throughout the company subsequent to the upcoming holiday
selling season. Customers are holding orders and will wait for holiday sales to
determine their plans."

MAN WHO UNCOVERED SCHEME TO GIVE SPEECH

Harry Markopolos, the man who fingered Bernie Madoff, will present the
University of Nebraska-Lincoln College of Business Administration's annual
Ethics Lecture on Sept. 15 at the Lied Center for Performing Arts, 301 N. 12th
St.

The speech begins at 3:30 p.m. and is free and open to the public. No tickets
are required.

In his lecture, "Blowing the Whistle on Bernie Madoff: Gift Wrapping and
Delivering the Truth about the Largest Ponzi Scheme Ever," Markopolos will walk
listeners through the why and how of the world's largest Ponzi scheme.

Markopolos worked at Boston-based Rampart Investment Management Co. from 1991
through 2004, ultimately becoming its chief investment officer, and is a past
president of Boston Security Analysts Society Inc.

Markopolos now works as a forensic accounting analyst for attorneys who sue
companies under the False Claims Act and other statutes.

He said he uncovered Madoff's Ponzi scheme years years ago within 5 minutes of
comparing the number of options Madoff claimed to have purchased with the number
of options in existence.

CABELA'S CLOSES SALE OF VAN DYKE'S TAXIDERMY

Gridiron Capital, LLC and Cabela's Inc. announced closing on the sale of Van
Dyke's Taxidermy, a division of Cabela's Inc., to McKenzie Sports Products LLC,
a Gridiron portfolio company.

Van Dyke's Taxidermy of Woonsocket, S.D., is a leading supplier of taxidermy
products and supplies.

Terms were not announced.

- From staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Two Connecticut Men Plead Guilty to Defrauding Employers

LENGTH: 444  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Deirdre M. Daly, United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut, today
announced that JASON TORRANCE, 43, of East Haddam, and ADAM MEYERS, 43, of
Southbury, pleaded guilty on February 23 in Bridgeport federal court to engaging
in a fraud scheme against their respective employers.

According to court documents and statements made in court, between approximately
March 2008 and August 2012, TORRANCE and MEYERS devised a scheme to defraud
their employers by arranging for payment on goods that never shipped and instead
diverting those payments to themselves. TORRANCE worked out of the New Haven
branch of a New Jersey-based electrical and industrial supply company
("Distributor-1"), and MEYERS was a project manager for a New Britain-based
electrical subcontractor ("Contractor") that frequently purchased supplies from
Distributor-1. A co-conspirator ("CC-2") operated a smaller distributor
("Distributor-2") based in Cheshire.

As part of the scheme, MEYERS identified to TORRANCE projects on which he
believed the profit margin for Contractor would permit them to divert excess
profits to themselves without Contractor becoming aware. MEYERS would submit a
purchase order for materials to TORRANCE. TORRANCE then submitted a purchase
order to CC-2 for the goods listed on the purchase order sent by MEYERS. CC-2
then submitted an invoice to Distributor-1 for the materials listed on the
purchase order, and Distributor-1 paid the invoice by mailing a check to
Distributor-2. Distributor-1 then invoiced Contractor for the goods that were on
the purchase order and Contractor issued a check to Distributor-1. CC-2 then
hand-delivered a business check to TORRANCE for approximately 90 percent of the
money that had been paid by Distributor-1 to Distributor-2, and CC-2 retained
the remaining 10 percent as his share of the proceeds from the scheme. TORRANCE
then paid out a portion of the proceeds of the scheme to MEYERS.

At no time did any product on the purchase orders actually ship to the customer.

The victim companies lost more than $600,000 as a result of this scheme.

TORRANCE and MEYERS each pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit
mail fraud, which carries a maximum term of imprisonment of 20 years. They are
scheduled to be sentenced by U.S. District Judge Stefan R. Underhill on May 18,
2015.

This matter is being investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney David E. Novick.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                    The Sun

                                 March 12, 2005

FIRMS ARE DUNCES OVER PLAN TO HELP KIDS LEARN

SECTION: SUN WORLD; TRAVEL

LENGTH: 355 words


TRAVEL firms have been slow to join in a scheme to encourage parents not to
interrupt kids' education.

The school holiday discount scheme aims to cut the number of children taken out
of class by offering discounts on family holidays in peak season.

The Government had negotiated with The Association of British Travel Agents to
limit price hikes in school holidays, because nearly one in five pupils were
taking breaks in term time.

The scheme has the backing of 80 education authorities but ABTA found that not
even one per cent of tour operators and agents have joined in.

Some high street tour operators responded this week with deals for school
holiday breaks, but few were offering major savings.

An ABTA spokesman said: "The response has been disappointing.

"We appreciate that demand will always drive up prices during school holiday
times, but we would hope for more response to schemes like this."

But Mike Greenacre, of independent travel group CTTG, said the scheme was
"confusing". Among the best deals, AIRTOURS is offering a blanket extra discount
of five per cent off all Airtours and Aspro Holidays departing between July 20
and August 31, if booked by March 31, 2005. Call 0870 191 3739 and quote
reference CHL.

FIRST CHOICE HOLIDAYS, including the Unijet and Sunstart brands, is offering
families extra discounts of up to £100 on bookings made by March 31. Its biggest
savings apply to Florida bookings and all-inclusive holidays.

Call 0870 850 3931 and quote "school holiday offer".

THOMAS COOK has guaranteed free child places on a selection of holidays in the
Balearic isles, Gran Canaria, Tenerife and the Algarve until March 28, if you
book direct on 0870 750 1888.

VIRGIN HOLIDAYS is offering £400-off per booking for trips to Florida and
California for departures between July 13 and August 21. On Caribbean holidays
the first child goes free. See www.virginholidays.co.uk/schools or call 0871 222
5659.

THOMSON already offers free child places for every family all season at 59
Skytours hotels and apartments. Call 0870 162 5680 or visit www.thomson.co.uk.


LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      July 3, 2001 Tuesday, Final Edition

TAXPAYERS VICTIMIZED: Social Security a Ponzi scheme sanctioned by the
government

BYLINE: THOMAS OLIVER

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 699 words


If you and I were to come up with a retirement plan similar to Social Security
and offered it to the public, we might not be cellmates, but we'd spend the
better portion of the remainder of our lives in jail. If we got out, we'd have
to make restitution to those we had bilked out of their hard-earned money.

That's because Social Security is a classic Ponzi scheme. A Ponzi scheme claims
your money is going into something worthwhile --- bonds, stocks, real estate ---
and that investment will grow and pay you a return on your investment. In
practice, the perpetrators of such frauds use a portion of your money to pay
earlier investors who act as poster children for the benefits and keep
authorities at bay. It's a pyramid scheme that eventually collapses. It is fraud
from the get-go, and certain federal agencies spend thousands of hours and
millions of dollars protecting the public from these flimflam men.

But we have another government agency that spends thousands of hours and
millions of dollars perpetrating this Ponzi scheme on America, and the only
outcry you hear is when someone comes along and points out the flaws in the
system. Then the demagogues crank up their propaganda machines and go camp out
in Florida and Arizona and telephone thousands of retired folks about a big bad
wolf trying to take away their Social Security.

You know it's bad when a Democrat and Republican representative and the media's
darling, Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), introduce The Straight Talk About Social
Security Act. This act would require the Social Security Administration to tell
the American people the truth about the Ponzi scheme.

Such disclosures as: the slight advantage it offers over people hiding money
under their mattresses; that there is no money, stocks, bonds, in the Social
Security Trust Fund, just a bunch of IOUs from the government, which not only
took the Social Security money in a cruel tax hoax but, in classic Ponzi style,
spent the money for other purposes.

It not only is a fraud; it's also an exorbitant tax. Today, workers are taxed at
15.3 percent, up from 2 percent in 1937. As part of the fraud, the worker only
sees that 7.65 percent is taken out of his paycheck. But the law mandates that
the employer match that, which equals 15.3 per- cent.

No economist or businessperson of any political persuasion would refute the
notion that 15.3 percent is in fact what a company pays for that employee.
That's called compensation, and no amount of scheming and obfuscation changes
the truth that workers are taxed 15.3 percent.

For the young, the single parent, the lower- to middle-income worker, this is an
extraordinary burden.

It means that those starting out, trying to save for a house, or those
lower-income parents trying to save for a child's education, are taxed 15.3
percent right off the top; and of course, we aren't talking here about state and
federal income taxes that also may drain their take-home pay.

Two of the largest constituencies of the Democratic Party --- women and
minorities --- are two of the primary victims of this fraud. If you want to look
for an example of class warfare, it is here, and it continues to be waged
against women and minorities by their government's so-called Social Security.

Married women who work are penalized when their husbands die. And we wonder why
this group --- older widows --- live on the cusp of poverty. Divorced women are
penalized even more.

Black men, whose median life expectancy is a year shy of when they can begin
collecting Social Security, are, ipso facto, being screwed. Even those who live
long enough to begin collecting some Social Security won't collect what they
paid in.

If ever there was a need for a Million Man March or Million Moms March on
Washington, it is the inherent inequality by which the Social Security Ponzi is
perpetrated on these two groups.

Both groups should be at the forefront of demanding partial privatization of
their retirement funds. Such a move is the only way to begin removing the Ponzi
from Social Security.

Thomas Oliver is a member of the Journal editorial board. His column appears
occasionally. toliver@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: July 03, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Easley Progress (South Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 25, 2015 Thursday

Easley residents plead guilty in debt elimination scheme

BYLINE: The Easley Progress, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 390 words


June 25--COLUMBIA -- A man and woman from Easley have pleaded guilty in federal
court to conspiracy to defraud in a debt elimination scheme.

Jeffrey Scott Green, 53, and Lisa Flaugher-Green, 52, will be sentenced by
Senior U.S. District Judge Henry M. Herlong Jr. of Greenville after he has
reviewed a pre-sentence report that will be prepared by the U.S. Probation
Office.

Conspiracy to defraud is a violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section
1349.

According to U.S. Attorney Bill Nettles, evidence presented at a change of plea
hearing established that it was an Electronic Funds Transfer debt elimination
case.

Various branches of the Sovereign Citizen movement, which denies the
jurisdiction and authority of the federal government, teach that they can
discharge debts by presenting a check written off a closed account.

The debtor writes on the check "EFT Only for discharge of debt." On the back he
writes "authorized representative without recourse."

Sovereign-Citizen groups falsely teach that if the creditor accepts the
instrument then the debt is discharged even though no money ever changes hands.
The defendants were part of a group that endorsed the use of EFT instruments.

It was a part of the scheme and artifice to defraud that Green and
Flaugher-Green wrote checks on closed accounts and noted on the checks "EFT only
for discharge of debt."

They then would mail these bogus "EFT instruments" and accompanying documents to
creditors in an effort to trick the creditors into issuing documents noting that
the debt was paid in full.

Once the creditor discovered the scam, defendants would refuse further payment
on the grounds of a discharge procured by "EFT instruments." Agents estimate
that the defendants attempted to eliminate over half a million dollars in debt
using the scheme.

Nettles stated the maximum penalty the defendants can receive is a fine of
$250,000 and/or imprisonment for 20 years, plus a special assessment of $100.

The case was investigated by agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the
Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office, and the Greenville County Sheriff's Office.
Assistant United States Attorney Bill Watkins of the Greenville office handled
the case.

___ (c)2015 The Easley Progress, S.C. Visit The Easley Progress, S.C. at
www.theeasleyprogress.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150625-1EA-Easley-residents-plead-guilty-in-debt-elimination-scheme
-0625-20150625

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1EA


                       Copyright 2015 The Easley Progress


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                           September 10, 2007 Monday
                                 Metro Edition

Avanti owner facing fraud charges;
Kelly alleged to be part of scheme that targeted senior citizens

BYLINE: By MARTI GOODLAD HELINE, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 479 words


A South Bend native, who twice has owned Avanti Motor Corp., has been named in a
complaint filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission stemming from a
massive fraud that victimized thousands of senior citizens.

The SEC filed the civil action against Michael E. Kelly, a former South Bend
resident, and 25 others last week in federal court in Chicago.

The case alleges the defendants were part of a $428 million securities fraud
scheme involving people from across the country.

Kelly and those working with him are accused of selling securities, known as
"universal leases," on which investors were promised safe and guaranteed
returns.

The investments were structured as time shares in several hotels in Cancun,
Mexico, coupled with a rental agreement that promises investors a high, fixed
rate of return, according to the SEC.

The fraudulent universal lease scheme eventually collapsed, leaving investors
with losses of more than $300 million, the SEC said.

The SEC alleges Kelly and those working with him duped thousands of people into
using their retirement savings to invest money, including more than $136 million
from IRA accounts.

The organization used unregistered salespeople who earned more than $72 million
in commissions, which was as much as 27 percent and never disclosed to
investors, according to the SEC.

The complaint further contends that new investor money was used to make
illusionary rental income payments to the older investors.

Such a scheme, called a "Ponzi" scheme, involves using money from new investors
to pay older investors, thereby gaining legitimacy to attract more investors.

Going back to 1999, various state securities departments have issued warnings or
taken action against Kelly, his associates and some of his hotel companies.

In the newest complaint, the SEC plans to seek restitution from the defendants
in the case along with permanent injunctions and civil penalties.

Kelly, 58, who was raised in South Bend, bought the Avanti brand car that was
started by Studebaker in 1986 in order to keep the vehicles in production when
the local company was struggling financially.

Kelly moved the company to Youngstown, Ohio, and sold his interest in 1988.

In 1999, Kelly repurchased Avanti. He put the business, then based in Georgia,
up for auction in 2004 to devote his time to his hotel businesses, he said in a
Tribune interview at the time.

However, Kelly still owns the company and in late 2006 moved production to
Cancun.

Kelly was arrested last December on suspicion of mail fraud stemming from the
same alleged scheme involving the Mexican hotels and remains in federal custody
in Chicago without bond.

A federal judge has extended the deadline until Sept. 28 for Kelly to be
indicted, according to documents in the U.S. District Court for the northern
district of Illinois.

Staff writer Marti Goodlad Heline:

mheline@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6327

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            March 1, 2006 Wednesday

SEC warns public about investment scams using 'paid autosurf' sites

LENGTH: 394 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Securities and Exchange Commission is warning the public about scams
involving investment Web sites that promise to pay people for looking at online
ads.

The SEC issued an investor alert Monday regarding the so-called ``paid
autosurf'' programs as it announced it had filed securities fraud charges
against the operator of one such Web site, www.12dailypro.com. In a tentative
settlement with the SEC, the operator agreed to stop soliciting investors;
assets were frozen and a receiver was appointed to take over company operations.

One of the latest forms of fraud on the Internet uses paid autosurf programs --
a growing business of paying people to view ads that can be operated
legitimately -- to lure investing ``members'' with promises of huge returns.

When the schemes depend on attracting new members in order to pay money to
current ones, in the classic form of a Ponzi or pyramid scheme, ``they are
destined to collapse,'' Randall Lee, director of the SEC's Pacific regional
office, said in a statement. ``The promise of guaranteed, double-digit returns
in a matter of days should raise a red flag.''

The SEC urged the public to be aware that paid memberships in such schemes may
be a form of investment, and to exercise extreme caution before investing.

Charlotte, N.C.-based 12dailyPro, which once was among the biggest paid autosurf
Web sites, was actually ``a massive Ponzi scheme'' that bilked some 300,000
investors worldwide out of more than $50 million by offering a 44 percent return
in 12 days, according to the SEC. They were promised the money in exchange for
surfing a dozen Web sites for a few minutes every day for 12 days.

12dailyPro violated the securities laws by using money from new investors to pay
promised returns to current ones, the SEC alleged in its civil lawsuit filed in
federal court in Los Angeles. ``Multiple income streams'' from advertising
revenues and other investments, touted by the site, were either marginal or
non-existent, the agency said.

In general, paid autosurf programs aim to generate revenue by automatically
rotating advertised Web sites into a viewer's Internet browser. Advertisers pay
Web site hosts, which then pay their members to view the rotated ads.

----

On the Net:

The SEC investor alert is at http://www.sec.gov/investor/pubs/autosurf.htm

------

More technology news and opinion at www.siliconvalley.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                February 6, 1997

JOBS DRIVE FOR LONE PARENTS;
Labour leader's speech prompts Lilley to outline pounds 20m scheme to encourage
welfare-to-work switch

BYLINE: Ewen Macaskill, Chief Political Correspondent

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN HOME PAGE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1014 words


A pounds 20 MILLION scheme to help move 100,000 single parents from welfare into
work is to be officially announced today by Peter Lilley, the Social Security
Secretary.

The announcement comes in response to a speech by Tony Blair, the Labour leader,
in Amsterdam last month in which he promised a range of measures to help lone
parents.

Mr Lilley's Parent Plus is designed to run for three years as a pilot scheme in
12 areas across Britain, involving the public, private and voluntary sectors.

US firms are among those on a shortlist of private sector companies that will be
invited to bid to run the pilot programmes.

The shadow social services secretary, Harriet Harman, responding to government
briefings about the scheme yesterday, said that Mr Lilley's action was welcome
after 18 years in which the Government had only criticised single mothers and
cut their benefits, but the scheme was fundamentally flawed. The Government, for
instance, needed to establish a network of after-school clubs and ensure
flexibility in the benefits system so that mothers were not worse off in work
than on benefit.

One of the main reasons for the sudden concern of both parties is the huge chunk
of expenditure - almost pounds 8 billion - on benefits for single parents. Given
Labour's pledge to keep a tight rein on spending, the party has to try to find
savings in areas such as welfare.

Mr Lilley first announced his plan at the Conservative Party conference last
year but the detail is only now being filled in.

All lone parents who make a new claim for Income Support will receive an
invitation to join the scheme. Existing claimants will be contacted within a
year.

The parents - mainly mothers - would be given help in finding a job and suitable
child care, as well as offered "mentoring" support once work has been found.

Mr Lilley said the scheme would focus on getting lone parents into "real" jobs,
rather than just promising training and counselling.

"Most lone parents want to work but this group need particular help to break out
of the benefit trap. It is important that children grow up seeing parents as
breadwinners and not the state as sole provider," said Mr Lilley.

Four private sector pilot schemes of Parent Plus will be run in central
Manchester, Preston, Wiltshire and Northamptonshire.

The Benefits Agency and Employment Service will operate eight public sector
pilot schemes in Warwickshire, Cambridgeshire, North Worcestershire, Motherwell,
North Surrey, North Cheshire, Cardiff and Vale, and Sheffield East.

Caseworkers have already been recruited in Cambridgeshire where their training
begins today. Cambridgeshire and Warwickshire will be the first areas where the
project goes live in April.

The National Council of One Parent Families welcomed the Parent Plus programme
but warned against underestimating the barriers and problems which keep so many
trapped on income support.

Director Karin Pappenheim said: "Recognition from government that lone parents
want and need to work is welcome. But they won't achieve that without
affordable, quality childcare provision and help with employment training to
build skills for work.

"Most important, lone parents need to be able to find jobs that pay enough to
support a family and are flexible enough to combine with family
responsibilities."

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                              March 2, 2012 Friday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Foreclosure And Auction Fraud Booms With Flipping, Flopping; FBI Investigating
2,500 Cases; Are home prices being pressured by illegal moves with distressed
property?

BYLINE: KATHLEEN DOLER

SECTION: INSIDE REAL ESTATE; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 883 words


Mortgage fraud keeps growing as foreclosures head to auction and banks agree to
more short sales.

The FBI now has 2,500 open mortgage fraud cases. It says the top schemes
recently have been auction fraud and short-sale fraud, called flopping, and that
most of the auction fraud is happening on the East and West Coasts.

In auction fraud a group of investors, and sometimes other interested parties,
agree not to bid against each other, in order to get a property at below market
value. In a flop, an investor buys a short sale under market value -- sometimes
with help from a corrupt real estate agent or appraiser who undervalues the
property -- and sells it right away to another buyer for a profit.

Who do these frauds hurt? Everyone, says the FBI.

"Banks are losing money because they don't obtain the actual value of the
properties" at auction or in a short sale, said FBI financial crimes unit chief
Timothy Gallagher. Investors and homeowners "are being harmed because values are
then estimated to be artificially low."

That can make it tough for them to refinance a home or sell it at the real
market value, Gallagher notes. He adds that other investors are harmed by these
schemes too, as they may be unable to get good properties snapped up in fraud
schemes.

In its 2011 Mortgage Fraud Trends Report, property data firm CoreLogic
calculates that property fraud rate rose 262% year over year in the first
quarter of 2011. It estimates that losses due to short-sale fraud may have cost
lenders and mortgage investors as much as $375 million in 2011.

"Fraud schemes have become more sophisticated, with more falsified documents and
more professional packages," said Susan Allen, vice president of strategic
relations at CoreLogic.

Auction Fraud

In Northern California, 10 people so far have pleaded guilty in a large case
involving auction bid rigging in San Joaquin County in 2008 and 2009. The group
includes investors and an auction crier said to have "conspired to suppress and
restrain competition by rigging bids" at public auctions.

The Justice Department announced the latest guilty plea in the case in late
February.

"This type of illegal scheme undermines the transparency and integrity of the
competitive market for residential real estate," said Sharis Pozen, acting
assistant attorney general of the Department of Justice's Antitrust Division.

In another case, as of February, 20 people have pleaded guilty to charges
stemming from an auction fraud scheme in the San Francisco Bay Area's Contra
Costa County. The illegal activity took place 2008-11.

"Rescue' Fraud

In addition to the short-sale flopping fraud described above, Gallagher also
says "rescue fraud" is growing dramatically. In these schemes, a perpetrator
tells a distressed homeowner that for a fee he'll negotiate a loan modification
or short sale with the lender on the owner's behalf. But it's often just a scam
to steal money from the distressed homeowner or attempt a fraudulent short sale.

Desperate homeowners also are sometimes knowingly entering into side deals that
they may not understand to be fraud. In these situations, an owner might work
with a family member or investor who will try to obtain the home through a short
sale with the lender. Then, with a side agreement, the buyer will then rent the
home back to the previous owner or perhaps even eventually sell it back at a
profit over the short-sale price.

Attorney Rachel Dollar of Santa Rosa, Calif., works with lenders on fraud cases.
She says many homeowners don't know that these types of side deals, if not
disclosed in a short sale, are fraud. But she explained: "When you're lying to a
lender, it's a pretty good chance that you're committing fraud."

Nonetheless, online real estate forums on Trulia, Redfin and other real estate
sites are rife with distressed homeowners asking about -- and perhaps attempting
-- these types of deals.

It's easy to get confused. The government-affiliated mortgage outfits Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac now have rent-back programs available to some owners who lose
their homes in a foreclosure. And a government push is under way to foster more
foreclosure rentals and rent-backs.

But most banks require an "arms length affidavit" to be signed by all parties in
a short sale, including the real estate agents. This agreement states that no
party to a short sale is a family member or business associate of the seller;
that there are no hidden agreements among the buyers, sellers or agents; that
once the property is sold the seller will not rent back the home or regain the
title; and that no parties are being paid any fees or commissions except for the
sale transaction commission paid to the agents.

No Short Sale Guarantee

Real estate broker Elizabeth Weintraub, of Lyon Real Estate in Sacramento, says
she's getting a lot of questions from sellers and buyers about doing rent-back
deals and other side agreements. But she has to explain to them that banks
usually don't allow these deals and a bank "is not obligated to do a short
sale."

"It's a privilege, not a right, and that's the thing people tend to forget," she
said.

Weintraub adds that if a short sale goes through and a distressed seller is
released from a mortgage shortfall, if a fraud was committed, that would negate
the bank's obligation to forgive the shortfall.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 12, 2010 Tuesday

Latgawa promoter faces array of charges

BYLINE: Damian Mann, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 714 words


Oct. 12--An alleged racketeering scheme in Colorado involving the controversial
Latgawa Indian tribe of Central Point has landed Chief Red Hawk, otherwise known
as Richard Lee Davis, in the Jackson County Jail.

Davis, 55, faces multiple counts of racketeering, theft, forgery and tax
evasion, according to the Denver district attorney. He is being held on $250,000
bail and faces extradition to Colorado.

His signature was found on easements in Colorado related to the Latgawa tribe
that were sold as nonexistent conservation tax credits through Solutions
International LLC, according to an indictment filed by the state of Colorado.

Davis also owned Data Corp. at 1237 Pleasant Way in Central Point, but the
business was dissolved by the state for failing to pay annual fees. Data Corp.
was one of the dozen or more businesses involved in the scheme, the Denver
District Attorney's Office alleges.

At the time of his arrest, Davis said he was a transient, according to jail
records.

The Colorado Department of Revenue's Criminal Investigations Unit investigation
alleges Davis, Alan Eugene DeAtley, 54, and David Michael Zamzow, 61, were
involved in the scheme that resulted in losses to victims of more than $1
million and losses to the Colorado Department of Revenue of more than $20,000.

DeAtley, who has ties to Jackson County, is in custody in Washington state on a
$250,000 bond.

Zamzow was taken into custody in Fort Collins, Colo., but has been released
after posting a $50,000 bond.

The indictment alleges that DeAtley created corporate entities to sell
nonexistent tax credits to victims.

DeAtley owns Solutions International-Oregon LLC, formerly headquartered at 5000
Cirrus Drive, Suite 150, near the Medford airport. However, the company is no
longer at the Cirrus Drive address. Solutions International's mailing address is
listed on Highway 62 in Eagle Point. Davis also lives in Shady Cove on Highway
62.

The tax fraud scheme involved multiple corporations and various victims,
according to the 25-page indictment released by the Denver District Attorney's
Office. Spokeswoman Lynn Kimbrough said her office's investigations have dealt
with tax fraud schemes only in Colorado. She said her office hasn't investigated
whether the case could involve Oregon victims.

"At this point in time, our emphasis has been strictly here," she said.

Davis and Chief Grey Eagle, aka John Newkirk, told the Mail Tribune in August
they had patrol cars that roam 100 square miles of their land in Southern
Oregon, 12 helicopters on standby to fight wildfires and the ability to issue
valid Latgawa driver's licenses and license plates.

Newkirk, 84, and Davis conducted the bulk of the Latgawa's operations out of a
house in Central Point. Newkirk could not be reached for comment Monday.

The Latgawa tribe is not recognized by the federal government. Other local
tribes have called into question the legitimacy of the Latgawa tribe.

In July, Newkirk and Davis threatened to sue Jackson County over the removal of
Gold Ray Dam, which they claim actually belongs to the Latgawa.

Newkirk and Davis claim that the Latgawa territory stretches into Montana and
Colorado.

The Confederated Tribes of the Siletz Indians, which is federally recognized,
condemned Newkirk and his group for laying claims to rights and interests that
belong to the Siletz.

An Aug. 2 letter written by the Siletz's attorney, Craig Dorsay of Portland,
stated Newkirk's group doesn't possess any sovereignty or other rights under
federal or tribal law.

Newkirk and Davis also claimed they operated a tribal court out of the U.S.
District Court in Medford.

But the U.S. District Court has not allowed the Latgawa to operate a tribal
court there, though it has been involved in a federal lawsuit and divorce
proceedings.

Reach reporter Damian Mann at 541-776-4476, or e-mail dmann@mailtribune.com

To see more of the Mail Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mailtribune.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101012-ME-Latgawa-promoter-faces-array-of-charges-1012-20101012

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2010 Mail Tribune


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            February 8, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Preacher is convicted of stealing nearly $9 million;
Pyramid scheme targeted small, black churches

BYLINE: ERRIN HAINES Associated Press

SECTION: INSIDE FRONT; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 414  words


ATLANTA -- A preacher was convicted Monday of stealing nearly $9 million from
hundreds of small, black churches across the country that were promised hundreds
of thousands of dollars in exchange for small investments.

Abraham Kennard was found guilty in U.S. District Court in Rome of all 116
counts, ranging from mail fraud to tax evasion. Prosecutors said he ran a
pyramid scheme largely meant to take advantage of a tight network of black
preachers.

Jurors deliberated for only a few hours, after having to start over when one of
the jurors fell ill. They had begun deliberating Friday.

"I know you can see clearly it was a scheme, all right. And for some 1,600
churches, it was a nightmare," prosecutor David McClernan told jurors during
closing arguments last week.

Kennard, 46, of Wildwood, Ga., countered he was not guilty of anything and made
no apologies for a life of nice cars and fancy suits.

"It's not a law against riding in a Cadillac if you don't want to ride in a
Volkswagen," Kennard, who represented himself, said in his opening remarks.
Michael Trost, who served as Kennard's standby counsel, said he believed Kennard
intended to help the churches.

Prosecutors said Kennard claimed his company was developing Christian resorts
around the country. He told preachers that for a fee of a few thousand dollars,
their churches could be "members" of his company. In return, he promised that in
time the churches would get a grant or a forgivable loan of up to $500,000.

The scheme spread as the trusting ministers told their friends, relatives and
fellow pastors, prosecutors said.

"It wasn't about ignorance. It was about trust," said the Rev. James Cane of
Victory Worship Center in Birmingham, Ala., one of several preachers who
testified for the government.

Kennard's brother, Laboyce, was also found guilty Monday of conspiracy to commit
money laundering. Prosecutors said he accepted more than $360,000 from his
brother.

Laboyce Kennard's attorney, Giles Jones, said Thursday that his client was only
trying to start his own business and had no knowledge of his brother's church
enterprise.

The Kennards' cousin, Jannie Trammel, and stepbrother, Alvin Jasper, also were
indicted but pleaded guilty and testified at the trial. Lawyer R. Scott
Cunningham is charged with money laundering, but will be tried later.

Abraham Kennard originally faced 132 counts, but some of the charges were
consolidated before trial. He is scheduled to be sentenced April 15 in federal
court in Rome.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ASSOCIATED PRESS | WILLIAM T. MARTIN Abraham Kennard is escorted from
U.S. District Court in Rome, Ga., after he was convicted Monday of stealing
nearly $9 million from hundreds of small, black churches by promising them big
returns on small investments.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 The Durham Herald Co.


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                           August 24, 2005, Wednesday

BACKGROUND: BREWERY SCHEME IS CATALYST FOR REGENERATION

BYLINE: BY CAMPBELL DOCHERTY

SECTION: First Edition; NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 716 words


The £120 million Birmingham Sandwell Urban Living project, announced by Deputy
Prime Minister John Prescott last year, aims to rejuvenate or create more than
10,000 homes in some of the most deprived wards in the West Midlands.

While no Government money is being ploughed into the Cape Hill brewery
redevelopment, it is regarded as a key "catalyst" for the scheme.

According to an Urban Living report to the House of Commons last year, it would
provide a "step change in housing design, quality and sustainability in the
area".

Yet, having reviewed the project, Cabe - the Government's architecture watchdog
- said the scheme failed in eight of the 11 benchmarks.

In the words of the panel of noted architects and planners, it fails to: n make
good design a priority; n exploit the potential of the high profile Cape Hill
Brewery frontage; n respond to the existing qualities of the site; n create a
vibrant, legible environment of a human scale; n provide a safe and attractive
public realmprovide good quality hous-ing to meet a range of needs; n integrate
with the sur-rounding townscape; n contribute positively to local character. The
Urban Living scheme itself received £50 million Government funding when it was
announced last year, to be complemented by an extra £70.5 million from local
authority and private partners.

The criticisms add to concerns from conservation groups over the environmental
impact of the scheme and local anger about the loss of the old M&B brewery In
spite of the Cabe comments, Sandwell Council's cabinet member for regeneration
and transport, Councillor Bob Badham, maintained the scheme would be a "major
boost" for the area and create a sustainable development providing a wide range
of housing on a derelict industrial site.

He said: "When in 2000 it became clear the brewery site would become available,
Sandwell Council was quick to respond and see the benefits a major residential
site would bring to the area.

"Sandwell Council in allocating the site for housing has made clear from the
outset it expects the highest standard of design on the brewery site."

Coun Badham said it represented a "key gateway" to the borough and is the first
major development in the Urban Living project.

He stressed the council and it partners were "keen to see design quality on this
site that exceeds that which it has previously been able to secure in the
borough".

The Cabe report, Coun Badham said, was based on earlier plans. He added: "We
have a commitment in Sandwell to securing the best possible urban design
possible and we will continue to work with Cabe to see if we can accommodate
their ideas, as we have done in the past."

A spokeswoman for Birmingham City Council was keen to stress that difference and
the fact the Birmingham section was not within the "pathfinder" area.

She said: "We have negotiated significant improvements to the scheme with the
support of Cabe, who have been complimentary about our efforts to ensure that
the best possible scheme is secured

What the panel had to say

Cabe's panel, which included architect Glenn Howells, said: "We think that this
scheme needs to be reconsidered from its first principles, if the development of
this significant site is to deliver the quality of housing required to meet the
Government's housing market renewal objectives."

It also said there was a lack of public spaces and appeared to value the needs
of the motorist over local residents"The highways design appears to be
predicated on the demands of vehicles rather than pedestrians and does not
create streets and places for people to enjoy."

The scheme has outline planning permission from Sandwell and Birmingham planning
committees - decisions Cabe described as "unfortunate".

"The local planning authority is now faced with an uphill struggle to meet its
stated objective to improve the quality of the area and provide lasting benefits
for the community."

It added: "We think it is illuminating that the housing layout on the southern
(Birmingham) end of the scheme is noticeably better than that on the northern
(Sandwell) end.

"In the southern end of the scheme the designers have used the assets to provide
a stronger sense of place and identity."

Glenn Howells

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2005 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

Missouri: Florida man pleads guilty to charges in connection with stolen
identity tax fraud scheme

LENGTH: 250  words

DATELINE: Jefferson City


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Missouri has issued
the following press release:

DWAYNE DENARD JOHNSON, Wesley Chapel, Florida, pled guilty to two counts of
aggravated identity theft for his role in a stolen identity tax fraud scheme
lead by his wife Tania Henderson from their home in suburban Tampa.  Johnson is
the fifth person involved in the scheme charged and convicted in the Eastern
District of Missouri.

According to the plea agreement, Johnson admitted to helping his wife and others
use the identities and social security numbers of hundreds of people to file
phony tax returns and collect the refunds generated by those returns.   In all,
the scheme has been found to have involved more than 400 stolen identities and
generated more than $1.8 million dollars in refunds, about half of which was
intercepted by the IRS before coming under the control of the fraudsters.

Johnson now faces a minimum of two years imprisonment and a maximum of four
years imprisonment.  Additionally, restitution is mandatory. Sentencing has been
set for November 26, 2013.

His wife, Tania Henderson, of Wesley Chapel, Florida, was sentenced in July to
144 months in prison for her role in leading a stolen identity tax fraud scheme
during 2012.

This case was investigated by the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal
Investigation.  Assistant United States Attorney Tom Albus handled the case for
the U.S. Attorney's Office.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/moe

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                           September 21, 1997, Sunday

Customs targets Ernst & Young NHS over VAT

BYLINE: Richard Phillips

SECTION: BUSINESS; Page  2

LENGTH: 425 words


Customs & Excise has mounted an investigation into top accountancy practice
Ernst & Young over a scheme using shadow companies in Guernsey to reduce value
added tax (VAT) payments by National Health trusts.

On Friday, a spokeswoman said: "Customs is aware of the allegations that Ernst &
Young has been involved in a scheme for reducing VAT payments, and we will be
trying to find out what the scheme entails and to look at what action can be
taken."

She warned: "If it is a way of avoiding tax, Customs generally takes that very
seriously."

The scheme was set up to exploit a loophole, where health trusts can escape
paying VAT on equipment purchases. A trust buys equipment and then leases it to
a third party - the Guernsey shadow company. Because there is no VAT in
Guernsey, the lease is not liable to VAT.

The company then leases the equipment back to the trust, which also escapes VAT.

Greg Sinfield, VAT partner at City law firm Lovell White Durrant, said the use
of VAT reduction schemes for National Health Trusts raised a number of
questions. "The real story is whether NHS Trusts, as quasi-public bodies, should
be engaged in this sort of activity."

He added that Ernst & Young was using a known loophole, and while it would be
unlikely for Customs to retrospectively claim back the VAT, it would probably
see legislation introduced to stamp out the practice.

Ernst & Young is known to have used the scheme with a number of trusts.
Christie's hospital in Manchester is one. Mike Fry, its chief executive, said
the dilemma for health trusts was real. "We're a cancer hospital that doesn't
have enough funding, and we are looking at innovative ways to eke out our
patient care budget. Is that a bad thing?"

The real issue for those examining the issues will be whether public funds
earmarked for equipment purchases should eventually end up in the hands of
private sector consultants.

Mr Fry believes Christie's is at least obtaining value for money from its
accountants. He said the level of public funding being spent on management
consultants to "do your thinking for you" in other areas of the public sector
was "obscene".

In the Budget, Chancellor Gordon Brown unveiled a number of measures to combat
VAT avoidance. The new rules are designed to protect up to pounds 2bn in
revenues that may be at risk from avoidance tactics and are expected to raise
pounds 10m in 1997 and pounds 20m in 1998.

A spokesman for Ernst & Young said the firm never discussed clients' affairs.


LOAD-DATE: September 22, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Independent Print Ltd


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Former Rite Aid Vice President and New Jersey Businessman Plead Guilty
in $29.1 Million Fraud and Kickback Scheme

LENGTH: 681  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

The United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania
announced today that a former Rite Aid Vice President and a New Jersey business
man have pleaded guilty to charges in connection with a $29.1 million dollar
surplus inventory sales/kickback scheme. Rite Aid is a publicly-owned national
drug store chain with its headquarters located in Camp Hill, Pennsylvania.

During a hearing before U.S. District Court Judge John E. Jones III this
afternoon, Jay Findling, age 54, of Manalapan, New Jersey, pleaded guilty to an
Information charging him with Conspiracy to commit Wire Fraud. In a separate
proceeding held earlier in the day, Judge Jones also accepted the guilty plea of
former Rite Aid Vice President Timothy P. Foster, age 65, of Portland, Oregon,
to the same Information charging him with False Statements to Authorities. Both
charges are punishable by up to five years' imprisonment and a $250,000 fine.

According to U.S. Attorney Peter Smith, the charges are based upon Foster's and
Findling's 9 year conspiracy to defraud Rite Aid via a surplus inventory sales
scheme. During the time period in question, Foster worked for Rite Aid in
Oregon. As the Vice President for Quality Assurance, Foster's primary
responsibilities involved the liquidation of surplus Rite Aid inventory across
the United States. The scheme succeeded by making Rite Aid believe its surplus
inventory had been sold to Findling's company, J. Finn Industries, LLC, for
amounts reported by Foster when, in fact, the inventory had been sold to third
parties for greater amounts. Findling would then kick back a portion of his
profits to Foster. The scheme started in 2001 and continued until February of
2010 when Foster resigned from Rite Aid.

During the guilty plea proceeding Findling admitted he established a bank
account in New Jersey under the name of "Rite Aid Salvage Liquidation." The
account was used by the conspirators to collect the payments from the real
buyers of the surplus Rite Aid inventory. After the payments were received,
Findling would send lesser amounts dictated by Foster to Rite Aid for the goods,
thus inducing Rite Aid to believe the inventory had been purchased by J. Finn
Industries, not the real buyers. During the guilty plea proceeding the
government alleged Findling received at least $127.7 million from the real
buyers of the surplus Rite Aid inventory but, with Foster's help, only

tendered $98.6 million of that amount to Rite Aid, leaving Findling
approximately $29.1 million in profits from the scheme. The government also
alleged Findling kicked back approximately $5.7 million of the $29.1 million to
Foster.

Foster admitted during his guilty plea hearing that he knowingly and willfully
lied when he was interviewed by the FBI in January of 2014 and denied he
conspired with Findling to defraud Rite Aid. Foster subsequently recanted his
false statements when he was re-interviewed by the FBI on May 1, 2014. During
that interview Foster not only admitted he conspired to defraud Rite Aid with
Findling, he voluntarily surrendered $2.9 million in cash he had received from
Findling over the life of the conspiracy. Foster had stored the cash stored in
three 5 gallon paint containers in his Phoenix, Arizona garage.

The Information was filed pursuant to plea agreements with the two defendants.
Both agreements require the defendants to cooperate with the government and to
pay restitution to Rite Aid as ordered by the court. Findling's plea agreement
also obligated him to make a $11.6 million dollar, lump sum forfeiture payment
to the government, which Findling turned over to the U.S. Marshal Service Asset
Forfeiture Fund at the conclusion of the hearing.

The case was investigated by the Harrisburg Office of the FBI. Both defendants
are being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Kim Douglas Daniel
assisted by David Clark, Litigation Financial Analyst.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            February 5 1988, Friday

Football: League report in strong favour of membership

BYLINE: IAN STAFFORD

SECTION: Issue 62995.

LENGTH: 721 words


A special report commissioned by the Football League has come out in support of
the much-criticized policy of membership schemes and even recommends that
further steps should be taken to increase members areas in Football League
grounds.

Entitled 'Reciprocal Membership' Schemes - A Feasibility Study, the private and
confidential report was prepared by Peat Marwick McLintock, the mangement
consultants, from their Manchester offices and presented to the Football League
on July 31 last year, the day before the start of the football season. Although
the completion of the study was announced last summer, the Football League has
declined to disclose what its contents were. However, a copy of the report was
shown to The Times yesterday.


The investigation's recommendations go further than the Football League has
hitherto been prepared to accept, and are in stark contrast to the criticisms
levelled this week at membership schemes after the crown confusion at the
Queen's Park Rangers cup tie against West Ham United last month which resulted
in supporters spilling onto the pitch and holding up play for more than an hour.

In particular, the Peat Marwick McLintock report recommends: 'The longer term
aim for the League should be for a reciprocal membership scheme which has all
away supporters as members. This is because it is aimed at controlling a
discrete and identifiable section of the crowd, that is, all away fans. If all
away fans are subject to membership, the potential for hooliganism is reduced.

'It also reduces the area of the ground requiring extensive policing. In those
areas of the ground where admission is controlled by membership, the likelihood
of disorder is reduced. It does most towards discouraging non-members from
travelling and it enhances existing home membership schemes because in order to
travel away, the spectator must be a member of the home club.'

As an interim step the investigation suggests that the League should implement a
partial home, partial away membership scheme for the next football season,
1988-89, and that a general framework for reciprocal membership should be drawn
up. The Football League should lead and co-ordinate the introduction of
reciprocal membership and partial reciprocal schemes should be in place by the
first Saturday of next season.

'We recommmend that the partial away shceme should be introduced in season
1988-89 as a mean of further educating spectators, clubs and the police into the
concept of 100 per cent away membership, with a view to introducing this at an
appropriate later date, propably season 1989-90.'

The Football League was reluctant to agree with the Prime Minister's proposal in
the aftermath of the 1985 Heysel Stadium disaster, that everyone attending
League games should have an identity card, which could be withdrawn if the
holder committed an offence. The League began discussion with the Government on
other methods of eliminating hooliganism and succeeded in dropping the
membership figure first to 70 per cent, then to 50 percent and, finally, to 50
per cent of home capacity only. Even that last figure has not been met by every
League club.

An employee of Peat Marwick McLintock, who did not wish to be named, said
yesterday: 'The Football League asked us to investigate into reciprocal
membership schemes because they needed pragmatic and independent advice based on
experience of work already done with football clubs. The whole idea of
membership schemes is to make football grounds safer places tovisit and there
are many more supporters than causal spectators.'

A spokeman for the Department of the Environment said. 'We have seen the report
but felt that, as it was commissioned by the Football League, it was up to them
to anounce its findings.'

Chief Superintendent Michael Briggs, the officer in charge of Queen's Park
Ranger's ground, Loftus Road, called yesterday for an introduction of football
Passports. He suggested that the Government concerned that this country is rid
of hooliganism before English clubs are allowed back into European competition,
should seriously consider introducing a national identity card would seem to be
the answer,' he said. It would a simple matter to confiscate it if the holder
was convicted of any football-related offence.'

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1988 Times Newspapers Limited


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Montana Man Sentenced for Role in Penny Stock Pump-and-Dump Scheme

LENGTH: 461  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

ALEXANDRIA, VA--Matthew Carley, 44, of Bozeman, Montana, was sentenced today to
24 months in prison, followed by two years of supervised release for his role in
a stock manipulation scheme involving the securities of an Ashburn, Virginia,
based company called Red Branch Technologies. Carley was also ordered to forfeit
$789,478 in proceeds of his crime and ordered to pay $2.3 million in restitution
to thousands of shareholder victims.

Dana J. Boente, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia; and Andrew
McCabe, Assistant Director in Charge of the FBI's Washington Field Office, made
the announcement after sentencing by U.S. District Judge Claude M. Hilton.

Carley pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit securities fraud charges on
December 4, 2014. According to court documents, in 2009, Carley and others
participated in a stock manipulation scheme, commonly referred to as a
"pump-and-dump" scheme, involving the securities of Ashburn-based Red Branch
Technologies ("Red Branch"), which, at the time, had no real business operations
and earned no actual revenue. As part of the conspiracy, Carley and others
transformed Red Branch into a public company with common stock traded over the
counter on the Pink Sheets, gained control of the company's free trading shares,
engaged in manipulative trading practices and in a publicity and touting
campaign to promote the stock, and then sold their shares in the company to the
investing public at artificially inflated prices. Carley's role included
supplying the publicly traded shell company into which Red Branch (then a
private company) merged, funding press releases and an online promotional
campaign for the company's shares, and distributing company shares to others
involved in the stock manipulation scheme. Over approximately a three-month
period, the scheme caused Red Branch's share price to rise from close to zero to
a high of approximately seventeen cents per share. Carley's total proceeds from
his sale of stock at these inflated prices was approximately $789,478.

This case was investigated by the FBI's Washington Field Office. Assistant U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Nathanson is prosecuting the case. The department recognizes
the substantial assistance of the Securities and Exchange Commission, Division
of Enforcement.

A copy of this press release may be found on the website of the U.S. Attorney's
Office for the Eastern District of Virginia. Related court documents and
information may be found on the website of the District Court for the Eastern
District of Virginia or on PACER by searching for Case No. 1:14-cr-333.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 13, 1997, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Federal Inquiry Widens in Testing Scheme

BYLINE: By BENJAMIN WEISER

SECTION: Section B; Page 2; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 882 words


Federal prosecutors in Manhattan unsealed court records yesterday that showed
for the first time the extent of what they called a nationwide scheme to sell
answers to standardized graduate school exams. And they suggested in court
papers that hundreds of students were admitted to schools with fraudulent test
scores.

The Government charged 20 people with conspiracy yesterday in the elaborate
scheme, including 12 students who it says paid thousands of dollars to a company
that hired expert test takers to memorize answers in New York and, taking
advantage of the time difference, telephone them to Los Angeles and Chicago,
where they were sold to customers on encoded pencils.

Patricia Taylor, associate general counsel of the Educational Testing Service in
Princeton, N.J., which administers the tests, said her company is now contacting
institutions across the country to identify which scores should be canceled. She
said that some students had already called and are "just beside themselves,"
while others have written and "admitted cheating and asked us to cancel their
scores and to notify their universities."

She said that the testing service had alerted Federal authorities after it
learned of the suspected cheating from an informer three years ago. But the
testing service could not inform most universities because of the criminal
investigation.

Among those indicted yesterday was Po Chieng Ma, a California man who was
originally charged last October when prosecutors first disclosed details of the
cheating scheme that he is accused of devising. They say he ran a company,
American Test Center, that sold the answers and hired the expert test takers.

Mr. Ma, who was originally charged under the name George Kobayashi, denies the
allegations against him and will plead not guilty, said his lawyer, Allan P.
Haber.

Wai Man Leung, a United States postal inspector, said in a Federal complaint
filed by the United States Attorney's office in Manhattan that authorities
seized records from Mr. Ma's offices in Los Angeles and New York that included
the names of several hundred current and prospective customers.

Mr. Leung said in the complaint that a majority of those interviewed "admitted
that they had used, were planning to use, or had at least seriously inquired
about Ma's test cheating services."

Besides Mr. Ma, the indictment charged seven people who worked with him,
including four people described as expert test takers, all from the New York
area, one man who ran Mr. Ma's Chicago operations, and two others from
California.

It could not be learned precisely how many students using false scores actually
attained admission to institutions. Among the institutions that received
fraudulent scores, according to the indictment, were Columbia University, New
York University, Fordham University and Hunter College. The indictment, and a
separate complaint against the 12 students, suggested that the Government chose
to prosecute those students who did not admit their participation in the scheme.

George E. Rupp, president of Columbia University, said in a statement that he
was unaware of the specifics of the case but that the university would take
appropriate action. "This obsession with test scores, as indicated by this case,
underscores the importance of getting a fuller picture of candidates than can be
gleaned from just looking at standardized tests," Mr. Rupp said.

The exams included the Graduate Management Admission Test, a requirement of
business schools; the Graduate Record Exam, the graduate school equivalent of
the Scholastic Assessment Test; and the Test of English as a Foreign Language,
which is used in both graduate and undergraduate programs.

Prosecutors said that the test takers used in the scheme registered to take at
least 105 tests between 1992 and 1996.

The investigators also seized coded charts, written in Japanese, English and
Chinese, that indicated how much money each client had paid and the score the
client sought to attain. Depending on how high a score was sought, the prices
ranged from $2,000 to $9,000, the complaint said.

Authorities arrested the four expert test takers early yesterday morning, an
assistant United States attorney, Mark A. Godsey, said in court.

One of those arraigned, Liuren Wu, was described in court by his lawyer as a
third-year doctoral student in business at New York University who also had a
Ph.D. in chemistry from a university in Beijing. Federal Magistrate Sharon E.
Grubin ordered Mr. Wu and the three other accused test takers released on
$50,000 personal bond.

She also released on $50,000 bond the only student charged in the case who
appeared in Federal Court in Manhattan yesterday, Kana Cheung, 21, a of Nutley,
N.J. Ms. Cheung told investigators that she had used her January 1996 score in
the Test of English as a Foreign Language to enroll at the State University of
New York's Fashion Institute of Technology in Manhattan, according to the
Federal complaint.

Ms. Cheung's lawyer, Robert Koppelman, asked Magistrate Grubin to dismiss the
case against his client, arguing that "the only thing the charges prove is that
she took the tests twice. She did poorly one time and very well the second
time," he said.

Magistrate Grubin denied his request.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Liuren Wu was among those charged with conspiracy yesterday in a
test cheating scheme. (Frances Roberts for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                           September 19, 2011 Monday

Kansas lawyer pleads guilty in Ponzi scheme

BYLINE: Scott Lauck

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 401  words


Two co-conspirators in an alleged $52 million Ponzi scheme, including a Kansas
lawyer, pleaded guilty on Friday in federal court.

According to the U.S. Attorney's Office in Kansas City, James Scott Brown, 66,
of Leawood, and Derek J. Smith, 67, of Oxfordshire in the United Kingdom,
separately pleaded guilty to participating in a conspiracy to commit wire and
mail fraud.

Charges remain pending against a third defendant, St. Louis lawyer and cleric
Martin Sigillito.

According to court documents, Sigillito, Brown and Smith got investors to loan
money for what they thought were legitimate real estate development projects in
Britain. Instead, the co-conspirators kept the money or used it to pay off other
lenders. The scheme alleged netted $52.5 million between 2000 and 2010, but as
of June 2010 no money remained.

The litigation has entangled the incoming president of The Missouri Bar, Lynn
Ann Vogel, and her husband, Paul, who's also an attorney. They are both
plaintiffs and defendants in related civil suits.  They invested money and
accuse Sigillito of using their names without their consent on legal documents.
Neither of the Vogels face criminal charges.

Brown practiced law in England and participated in the University of
Missouri-Kansas City's CLE program at Oxford University. According to court
documents, Brown didn't practice between 2000 and 2010, when his primary
occupation was with the British lending program.

Under their plea agreements, Brown agreed to forfeit a 207-acre farm in Siloam
Springs, Ark. Smith agreed to forfeit several real estate properties in England.

Brown and Smith could face up to five years in federal prison without parole,
plus a fine up to $250,000, according to the U.S. attorney's office. Sentencing
hearings have not yet been scheduled.

An attorney for Brown, Jeffrey Morris, of Berkowitz Oliver Williams Shaw &
Eisenbrandt, could not be reached immediately for comment.

Under Smith's agreement, the U.S. attorney's office agreed to seek probation.
Smith's attorney, N. Scott Rosenblum, of Rosenblum, Schwartz, Rogers & Glass in
St. Louis, said that if the judge doesn't accept that sentence, Smith can
withdraw his plea.

The case is being prosecuted in U.S. District Court in St. Louis before Judge
Linda R. Reade, of the Northern District of Iowa. Sigillito's wife was a clerk
for a federal judge in St. Louis.

The case is U.S. v. Sigillito et al., 4:11-cr-168.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Corporate earnings

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Times Educational Supplement

                                 June 16, 2000

WHSmith Ready,Steady, Read!; BITC project

SECTION: Issue 4381, Business Links, Pg. 5

LENGTH: 235 words



To support the government's National Literacy Strategy, WHSmith has developed a
family of Ready, Steady, Read! initiatives, specifically designed to
encourageyoung people to improve their literacy skills and take pleasure in
reading.

Since its launch in 1997 Ready Steady Read! has had a significant impact on the
children attending the 450 participating schools across the UK. The scheme
follows the same children as they progress through their primary school
education, giving them all the reading books they need each year. Over 300,000
books have already been distributed, and on completion of the five-year project,
80,000 children will have benefited directly from the scheme.

Ready Steady Read Aloud! is a staff volunteering scheme through which WHSmith
staff spend half an hour each week, in company time, in school classrooms
helping children with their reading. Initially piloted in Manchester, the
successful scheme has now been expanded to involve staff from across the UK.

Through Ready, Steady, Read Together! WHSmith has launched eighteen family
literacy schemes across the country.

Each employs its own methods but they all have a common aim of improving the
reading skills of parents and their children, encouraging them to read together.

For further information about Ready, Steady, Read! please contact: Andy
Finch,Head of Community Investment, WHSmith 020 7514 9619

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Magazine

                      Copyright 2000 TSL Education Limited


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 14, 2013 Saturday

Gold Hill man sent to prison for mortgage fraud scheme

BYLINE: Sarah Lemon, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 684 words


Dec. 14--A Gold Hill man who spearheaded a massive mortgage fraud scheme was
sentenced to seven and a half years in prison and ordered to pay $22 million in
restitution.

Tyler Fitzsimons, 35, was the president of Desert Sun Development, which he
formed in 2004 in Bend to orchestrate a real estate scheme with Shannon Egeland,
39, of Kuna, Idaho, the organization's vice president.

The ensuing large-scale fraud caused the Bend housing market to collapse, which
cost the community jobs and left it "littered with partially finished
developments and homes," said U.S. Attorney Amanda Marshall in a release.

"The illegal actions of these defendants exemplify the conduct that wreaked
havoc in the mortgage, financial and real estate industries for the past several
years," said Marshall.

From 2004 through 2008, DSD built commercial buildings and residential housing
throughout Central Oregon and caused financial institutions to lose more than
$20 million.

Fitzsimons pleaded guilty in February 2012 in U.S. District Court to money
laundering, bank fraud and conspiracy to commit bank fraud, wire fraud and
loan-application fraud. U.S. District Chief Judge Ann Aiken sentenced him
Thursday, along with Jeremy Kendall, 36, of Camano Island, Wash., who was
ordered to serve 18 months in prison and pay more than $22 million in
restitution. Egeland's sentencing is set for Jan. 29.

Fitzsimons and Egeland obtained more than $4.2 million for five commercial
building projects by submitting false financial statements, tax returns and
leases to various banks, as well as fictitious contracts and invoices. However,
no construction took place. Fitzsimons and Egeland used money from their first
commercial loan to buy Dodge Vipers. Other purchases included large homes in
Powell, luxury vehicles and a Malibu Wakesetter boat, according to the U.S.
Attorney's Office.

Fitzsimons and Egeland also developed DSD's employee house program, a
real-estate flipping scheme that recruited DSD employees, mortgage brokers, a
loan officer and loan processor to help push through bad loans for the scheme's
participants. Under the scheme, Fitzsimons and Egeland promised to build or sell
homes at cost, and the participants agreed to flip or sell the homes and split
any profit with DSD.

Because most of the participants could not qualify for the loans, Fitzsimons and
Egeland, among other things, undermined the loan-approval process by
"seasoning," or falsely inflating, participants' bank accounts through temporary
deposits of DSD money. Most of the homes involved in the flipping scheme either
were partially constructed or not constructed at all, with many properties
foreclosed or short-sold.

"This bold fraud scheme was born out of the housing bubble long ago, but its
effects will be felt by the construction and banking businesses in Central
Oregon for many years to come," said Kevin Rickett, acting special agent in
charge of the FBI in Oregon.

In addition to Kendall, the DSD office manager, others sentenced for their roles
include former loan officer at West Coast Bank Jeffrey Sprague, 50, of Bend;
former mortgage broker Shaun Little, 44, of Bend; former bank building inspector
for Umpqua Bank Robert Brink, 62, of Junction City; former loan processor at
West Coast Bank Barbara Hotchkiss, 44, of Redmond; former DSD employee Garret
Towne, 34, of Eugene; former mortgage broker Del Barber Jr., 44, of Spokane,
Wash.; former escrow officer Teresa Ausbrooks, 51, of Farmington, N.M.; former
DSD employee Michael Wilson, 61, of Merrells Inlet, S.C.; and Kevin Mandlin, 50,
of Bend, who submitted a false document to a bank on behalf of DSD for Egeland's
home in Powell Butte. Sentences ranged from more than a year in prison to
supervised release and community service.

John Partin, a building-materials supplier in Bend, is scheduled for a March 12
sentencing.

Dismantling the criminal enterprise involved the FBI, IRS and Oregon Division of
Finance and Corporate Securities.

___ (c)2013 the Mail Tribune (Medford, Ore.) Visit the Mail Tribune (Medford,
Ore.) at www.mailtribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131214-ME-Gold-Hill-man-sent-to-prison-for-mortgage-fraud-scheme
-1214-20131214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2013 Mail Tribune


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            April 8, 2015 Wednesday

Offensive ponzi Ex-gridder is flagged in $32M loan scam: SEC

BYLINE: Kevin Dugan and Rich Calder

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 514 words


Former New York Giants cornerback and top draft pick Will Allen funded a lavish
lifestyle for himself by running a $32 million Ponzi scheme that preyed on
investors who sought to make an easy buck lending money to cash-strapped pro
athletes, federal regulators allege in a new complaint.

Allen, 36, and business partner Susan Daub, 54, misled investors through their
firm Capital Financial Partners by telling them they could profit by funding the
athletes' loans, which had annual interest rates exceeding 100 percent,
according to a Securities and Exchange Commission complaint unsealed late Monday
in Boston federal court.

Allen, of Davie, Fla., and Daub, of Coral Springs, Fla., raised $31.7 million
from 40 investors from July 2012 to February 2015, but only shelled out $18
million in loans to athletes.

They used about $7 million of the ill-gotten gains for personal expenses,
including settling tabs they racked up at fancy nightclubs, casinos, pawn shops
and limo companies, the SEC says.

"They used money from some investors to pay other investors, while at the same
time funneling millions of dollars of investor money to themselves - the
hallmarks of a Ponzi scheme," the complaint says.

The suit notes that Capital Financial provided loans to NBA, NHL, MLB and NFL
players but does not name those who accepted the loans, which averaged about
$600,000 each. It also cites the company's Web site to explain why there is a
market in providing loans to millionaire pro athletes.

While some of the loans to athletes were legitimate, others were fraudulent,
according to the complaint.

In April and May last year, Allen and Daub raised $4 million from 24 investors
for an NHL player after trotting out a sham promissory note and loan agreement
from the unnamed player for $5.65 million, the suit says.

But the player never signed that note and the real size of the loan, which was
kept from investors, was $3.4 million. Even after the hockey player filed for
bankruptcy, Daub told investors the loan was "performing as expected," according
to the suit.

While the NHL player isn't named, John "Jack" Johnson, a co-captain of the
Columbus Blue Jackets, who filed for bankruptcy last year, listed Capital
Financial Holdings as a creditor with a claim of $2.3 million, according to
bankruptcy filings.

The SEC suit said that the unnamed hockey player filed for bankruptcy on Oct. 7,
2014 - the same day that Johnson did, after his parents allegedly took advantage
of him to fund their own lavish lifestyle.

Allen, a star at Syracuse University, was drafted by the Giants in 2001 and
played with Big Blue through 2005 before signing with the Miami Dolphins. He
played with the Dolphins from 2006 through 2011 before spending his final NFL
season in 2012 with the New England Patriots on injured reserve.

Considered one of the NFL's top cover corners in his prime, Allen tallied 15
career interceptions. He was arrested in 2010 for driving under the influence.

Messages left with Allen and Daub, and Johnson's lawyer, were not returned.

kdugan@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Coming at you: Ex-NFLer Will Allen (right), whose business is named as
a creditor by bankrupt hockey player Jack Johnson (below), is being run down by
the SEC on allegations he helped to co-manage a multimillion-dollar Ponzi
scheme. [Getty Images, AP]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             July 8, 2009 Wednesday

Dudley recycler admits fraud (SEE PUBLISHED CORRECTION)

BYLINE: Gerard F. Russell

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1049 words

DATELINE: NEW HAVEN, Conn.


The following correction was published in the Telegram & Gazette on July 9,
2009:

William S. McCambridge of Dudley admitted his role in a fraud scheme involving
his now-defunct Charlton recycling company and his Connecticut-based financial
backer in U.S. District Court in New Haven, Conn., on Tuesday. Because of an
editor's error, the location of the company, Recycle Technology LLC, was
incorrect in a headline on a story in yesterday's Telegram & Gazette.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

NEW HAVEN, Conn. - A Dudley man has admitted his role in a fraud scheme
involving his now-defunct Charlton recycling company and his Connecticut-based
financial backer.

William S. McCambridge, 48, of 21 Ash Lane, Dudley, waived his right to
indictment and pleaded guilty yesterday before U.S. District Judge Ellen Bree
Burns to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud. The charge stems from Mr.
McCambridge's participation in a scheme to defraud the developer of a New York
shopping mall by submitting inflated invoices for the removal of contaminated
soil, according to Nora R. Dannehy, acting U.S. attorney for the District of
Connecticut.

Mr. McCambridge is scheduled to be sentenced Sept. 25. He faces a maximum term
of imprisonment of 5 years and a fine of up to $250,000.

According to court documents and statements made in court, Mr. McCambridge was
recruited by two people affiliated with a Connecticut site redevelopment and
environmental remediation firm to serve as principal and nominal owner of
Recycle Technology, LLC, a contaminated fuel and soil disposal and recycling
company doing business at 17 Griffin Road, Charlton.

According to a press release from the U.S. attorney's office, "`Individual A'
was the President and owner of the Connecticut-based company (`Company A'), and
`Individual B' was a project manager at Company A. Individual A provided Recycle
Technology with hundreds of thousands of dollars in start-up funds and, with
Individual B, exercised secret oversight and control over Recycle Technology.
Individual A and Company A continued to provide Recycle Technology with
financial support during most of Recycle Technology's existence."

In September 2004, the general contractor for the construction of a shopping
mall in New York entered into a subcontract with Company A to provide site
preparation services, including soil excavation. Some of the soil contained high
levels of lead. In December 2004, Company A arranged for the contaminated soil
to be transported to and disposed at a facility in New Jersey at a price of
127.50 per ton, the release said.

However, Company A instructed the New Jersey facility to send the invoices for
the disposal of the soil to Mr. McCambridge at Recycle Technology as the
"broker" for the disposal of the soil. Investigators said the brokerage
arrangement was a sham, and Individual B, who served as Company A's project
manager on the project, instructed Mr. McCambridge to have Recycle Technology
bill Company A at a price of $218 per ton for the removal of the contaminated
soil.

On Jan. 21, 2005, Recycle Technology faxed two invoices, one for $314,792 and
the other for $334,422 to Company A in Connecticut. Company A then marked up the
amount by 15 percent and submitted an invoice to the general contractor. The
general contractor paid Company A and passed the costs on to the developer, the
release said.

Mr. McCambridge and his co-conspirators agreed that Individual A and Company A
would be entitled to most of the money generated by this sham brokerage
arrangement, with Recycle Technology keeping only a small portion of it.

A lawsuit, filed in 2004 in Worcester Superior Court, sheds light on the origins
of Mr. McCambridge's Charlton company. Depositions taken in that case revealed
the owner of a Connecticut company bankrolled Recycle Technology from the start.

According to a deposition in the case of Mr. McCambridge, Frank Ruocco of
Cheshire, Conn., was Recycle Technology's financial backer. Mr. McCambridge
stated that Mr. Ruocco's company gave him as much as $800,000 to run the
business. The money came without written or verbal agreements, he said.

Recycle Technology bank records show numerous wire transfers in varying amounts,
often as much as $75,000 at a time, were made to the Charlton company by SRS
Transportation, a North Haven, Conn., company run by Mr. Ruocco.

Mr. Ruocco and his companies, Earth Technology Inc. and Earth Technology Inc.
II, have been the subject of federal and state investigations in connection with
corruption in Connecticut and pleaded guilty to federal corruption charges
several years ago.

The state of Connecticut terminated two contracts held by Earth Technology II of
North Haven, Conn., as a result of federal corruption charges.

In his deposition, Mr. McCambridge said Recycle Technology was not making a
profit and noted that he regularly discussed business decisions with Mr.
Ruocco's representative and used the same accountant as Mr. Ruocco.

The financial relationship between Recycle Technology and Mr. Ruocco's companies
was not spelled out in any legal documents, he said. Only a handshake sealed the
arrangement, he said at the time.

The lawsuit for which the deposition was taken was filed by Vincent P. Iuliano,
owner of the now-defunct American Reclamation Corp. of Route 20 in Charlton. Mr.
McCambridge had worked for Mr. Iuliano until Mr. Iuliano fired him. Mr. Iuliano
alleged Mr. McCambridge had stolen from him while he had worked for AMREC, which
was also a hazardous waste recycling company operating nearby. Mr. McCambridge
started Recycle Technology after he was fired by Mr. Iuliano. Mr. McCambridge's
company was later found in violation of town zoning and in violation of state
DEP regulations. Mr. McCambridge's company later went into Chapter 7 bankruptcy
and its assets were sold. Most of the company's debt, $981,147, was owed to Mr.
Ruocco. The acting U.S. attorney in Connecticut, Ms. Dannehy, said the
investigation continues.

The matter is being investigated by the Environmental Protection Agency,
Criminal Investigation Division. The case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S.
Attorney Eric J. Glover and Special Assistant U.S. Attorney Peter Kenyon.

Contact Gerard F. Russell by e-mail at grussell@telegram.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NEW HAVEN, Conn. - A Dudley man has admitted his role in a fraud scheme
involving his now-defunct Charlton recycling company and his Connecticut-based
financial backer. William S. McCambridge, 48, of 21 Ash Lane, Dudley, waived his
right to indictment and pleaded guilty yesterday before U.S. District Judge
Ellen Bree Burns to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud. The charge
stems from Mr. McCambridge's participation in a scheme to defraud the developer
of a New York shopping mall by submitting inflated invoices for the removal of
contaminated soil, according to Nora R. Dannehy, acting U.S. attorney for the
District of Connecticut.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 16, 2001 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Judge Closes Down Tax-Advice Company

BYLINE:  By DAVID CAY JOHNSTON

SECTION: Section C; Column 3; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 721 words


A marketing company that persuaded 50,000 people that they could drastically
lower their income tax bills if they bought the company's system was shut down
yesterday by a Kansas judge, who ruled that the plan was an illegal pyramid
scheme of a "fundamentally deceptive nature."

Customers of the company, known by several names including the Tax People,
Renaissance/the Tax People and TheTaxPeople.net, paid an initial fee of $300 and
then $100 a month. The company took in nearly $100 million in 30 months with
claims that clients were guaranteed at least $5,000 in deductions on their
income tax returns and that it had a 100 percent success rate in representing
clients who were audited by the Internal Revenue Service.

All of these claims and many others were false, Judge Richard D. Andersen of
Shawnee County District Court in Topeka ruled yesterday.

The judge noted that Jesse D. Cota, a former I.R.S. district director who is the
company's national director of taxation, testified at a hearing in February that
out of about 100 completed audits of clients, only 41 resulted in no change or a
larger refund. The judge said that the company also claimed to have a network of
thousands of tax professionals working for it, while Mr. Cota testified that it
had no more than 540.

"At its core," the judge wrote, "the Renaissance marketing plan is a clever
scheme to extract money from consumers through the use of misrepresented facts,
exaggerated claims and projections, undisclosed material facts and false
promotions."

He ruled that the company was an illegal pyramid scheme in which the early
investors make large sums but those drawn in later have no prospect of making a
profit. And he found that while the company repeatedly revised its brochures,
videotapes and other materials, it continued to make false representations.

The judge barred any business activities by the company, revoked its authority
to do business in Kansas and froze all of its assets as well as those of Michael
C. Cooper, the company's owner, other than his personal bank account. The judge
said he would name a receiver to control these assets.

James R. Hobbs of Kansas City, Mo., one of Mr. Cooper's lawyers, said yesterday,
"We are disappointed for our client."

Mr. Cooper said last week that he intended to reopen his business in Las Vegas
starting yesterday, but the number listed with directory assistance for the Tax
People in Las Vegas had been disconnected. Mr. Hobbs declined to comment on
whether Mr. Cooper still planned to resume business in Las Vegas.

Rex Beasley, an assistant attorney general in Kansas, said, "We got what we
asked for." The state thinks that the order extends beyond Kansas, he said,
particularly if Mr. Cooper tries to market his tax program over the Internet
because that would make it accessible to residents of Kansas.

The Tax People was the subject of a front-page article in The New York Times
last September that examined its claims that "golf, hunting, fishing and even
vacations with your family" could become tax deductible expenses for those who
bought the company's system. The Tax People implied that the I.R.S. had endorsed
its plan and stated that several former I.R.S. officials on its "Tax Dream Team"
were such powerful advocates that the I.R.S. simply wilted when they showed up
to represent clients of the Tax People.

The Tax People taught clients that the owner of a home-based business could
deduct $5,250 in education benefits for each child if the child was employed in
the business. But it did not note the many complex rules governing who qualifies
for this tax break, including one that a closely held business first give the
same benefit to at least 19 nonfamily employees at a cost of $99,750. Mr. Cooper
said at the time that he was marketing "a way for people to legally, ethically
and morally reduce their taxes to the absolute legal minimum so they can get out
of debt and enjoy the lifestyle they deserve."

A month later, armed agents of the I.R.S. and postal inspectors raided the
company's offices in Topeka, bringing to light a federal grand jury
investigation and seizing nearly $9 million. No indictment has been handed up in
that inquiry, which is continuing. Last month, I.R.S. agents raided the Cooper
home outside Topeka, seizing records, automobiles and other property.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Michael C. Cooper is owner of the Tax People, which promised
clients deductions of at least $5,000. (Robert Burroughs for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 4, 1990, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

28,000 People Bilked of $1 Million in Fraud

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 23, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 223 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA, April 3


More than 28,000 people in 21 states and Canada were bilked of more than $1
million in a pyramid scheme that offered to turn a $105 investment into a
$46,700 profit, the Federal Bureau of Investigation has reported.

Four people have been arrested on charges of fraud and other offenses in a
13-count indictment issued by a Federal grand jury. The indictment, handed up
March 21, was unsealed Friday after all four were in custody.

The victims of the scheme, carried out over three and a half years, ''were just
ordinary people,'' said a bureau agent, Ron Halter. The indictment put the
proceeds at $1.4 million.

The scheme, run out of Charlotte, N.C., used the names the Circles of Light
Church, the Woman Man God Program, Winner's Marketing Group, Creative Solutions
and the WMG Program, the indictment said. Participants were required to pay $105
and recruit two other investors, and the expanding base of investors was
supposed to provide the payoff for people who joined earlier.

The investigation began after victims notified the Pennsylvania Attorney
General's Office and the Bureau of Consumer Protection, said a bureau spokesman,
John Kundts.

Those charged are Robert E. Graven, 49 years old, of Knoxville, Tenn.; James F.
Foley Jr., 28, of Warren, Ohio; Gregory A. Long, 32, and Cherie S. Long, 20,
both of Raleigh, N.C.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                           October 13, 2016, Thursday

Businesswoman charged with running Ponzi scheme

BYLINE: Eric Eyre, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 407 words


The owner of a Wetzel County consumer lending company has agreed to plead guilty
to charges that she bilked investors out of up to $25 million as part of a Ponzi
scheme, federal authorities said Wednesday.

Donna S. Brown, who ran Budget Finance Co. out of a New Martinsville storefront,
was charged with money laundering, wire fraud and mail fraud.

Over the past decade, Brown lured Ohio and West Virginia consumers into
investing with Budget Finance, promising annual returns of between eight percent
and 12 percent, authorities said. At least 25 investors lost money in the scheme
.

"For years, Donna Brown preyed upon investors and defrauded them out of their
hard-earned money in order to support her personal lifestyle, said Robert
Johnson, an FBI agent based in Pittsburgh. "As a result of the scheme devised by
Brown, many of the victims lost everything, including their livelihoods and the
retirement savings they worked throughout their lives to secure."

A plea agreement and "bill of information" were filed Wednesday, indicating
Brown, 65, will admit to the crimes.

As part of the scheme, Brown mailed investors fraudulent investment statements.
She also mailed investors federal tax forms to fill out, but never forwarded the
forms to the IRS.

Budget Finance closed abruptly in November 2015. New Martinsville residents, who
had known Brown for years and trusted her, have said the company's sudden demise
blindsided them. Budget Finance had been in business since the 1970s.

Many investors had tens of thousands of dollars tied up in Brown's business, the
Gazette-Mail reported in December.

"Because no substantial investment source existed to account for well over 800
investment accounts with investments exceeding $31 million, she used money from
new investors to pay the existing ones, said U.S. Attorney Benjamin Glassman of
Ohio's Southern District. "This type of scheme is known as a Ponzi scheme.

Brown, who lives in Clarington, Ohio, faces a maximum sentence of 20 years in
federal prison and a $250,000 fine for each charge.

Investors bilked by Brown can monitor the case at www.justice.gov/usao/ohs under
the tab marked "Budget Finance Company, Inc.

The West Virginia State Auditor's Office, Attorney General's Office, state
Division of Financial Institutions, and Wetzel County Prosecuting Attorney's
Office assisted with the investigation.

Reach Eric Eyre at ericeyre@wvgazettemail.com, 304-348-4869 or follow @ericeyre
on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 21, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

2 Sentenced in $100,000 Bank Machine Fraud

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 320 words

DATELINE: HARTFORD, Dec. 20


Two men accused of rigging a fake automated teller machine at a Connecticut mall
and making more than $100,000 in illegal withdrawals up and down the East Coast
each were ordered today to serve 2 1/2 years in Federal prison.

The men, Gerald Harvey Greenfield, 50, of Tucson, Ariz., and Alan Scott Pace,
30, of New York, are believed to be the masterminds behind the scheme, which
began last spring at the Buckland Hills mall in Manchester.

From April 24 to May 9, a fake machine copied personal identification codes from
the cards of dozens of customers. The two men used the information to make
counterfeit cards, which were used to drain $107,460 from customer accounts in
at least five states besides Connecticut: New York, Florida, Georgia, North
Carolina and Virginia.

In October, Mr. Greenfield pleaded guilty to producing counterfeit automatic
teller cards and bank fraud. Prosecutors agreed to drop six other counts and to
recommend a reduced sentence. Mr. Greenfield also had waived indictment and
pleaded guilty to credit-card fraud stemming from a separate case in Virginia.
Mr. Pace pleaded guilty to the same two counts as Mr. Greenfield, while a New
York man suspected of helping in the scheme, Charles R. Lyons, 28, of New York
City, pleaded guilty to a conspiracy charge.

Mr. Lyons was sentenced on Friday to five months in prison and three years of
supervisory release. He was also ordered to pay $2,500 in restitution to the
banks defrauded by the scheme.

Mr. Greenfield and Mr. Pace were ordered also to pay a total of $464,000 in
restitution to the victims of this scheme and the victims of crimes in other
states.

In Virginia, both men pleaded guilty to stealing more than $300,000 using fake
American Express cards.

In Montana, Mr. Pace pleaded guilty to being involved in a scheme to steal gold
nuggets using a fake cashier's check. He was sentenced to 18 months for that
crime.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 20, 2012 Tuesday

Centerville man charged with fraud

BYLINE: Robert Gold, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 683 words


Nov. 20--A Centerville man was charged by the Secretary of State's office on
Monday with fraud, alleging that he operated a real estate Ponzi scheme for the
past 20 years.

The alleged scheme by James Robert Cruise Jr. involved 25 Massachusetts
investors, including ones in Yarmouthport and Bourne, according to the Secretary
of State's office.

The state complaint seeks a cease and desist order against Cruise and his
company The Austin Group, "an accounting of all proceeds from the alleged
wrongdoing, an offer to compensate investors and an administrative fine,"
according to a news release from the Secretary of State's office.

Cruise allegedly created at least 10 business entities, but put all investments
into one account for The Austin Group.

"It's a tragic case because obviously this individual has been doing this for a
number of years," Secretary of State William F. Galvin said Monday. "By feeding
some of the newer investors from the older investors, it's effectively been a
Ponzi scheme."

Neither the company nor Cruise were registered with the state's Securities
Division in any form including as a broker-dealer, an agent of a broker-dealer,
an investment adviser or an investment adviser representative, according to the
Galvin's office.

"Through the issuance of unregistered promissory notes, Cruise amassed at least
25 properties located in Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Texas once valued at
over $18 million," the complaint states. "In reliance on false representations
and promises, Massachusetts residents invested over $1.2 million with Cruise."

According to the complaint, "Cruise has acknowledged issuing unregistered
promissory notes of approximately two million dollars," including three to
out-of-state investors.

Investors, including those from the Cape, bought promissory notes but have not
received their interest payments, the complaint alleges.

According to the administrative complaint, Cruise testified to the state
Securities Division that he used account group money for personal expenses.

When reached by the Times Monday, Cruise said his real estate developments,
including in Texas and New Hampshire went well for 15 years.

"The market turned on me in 2006 and I wasn't able to continue to make the
interest payments, and clients want to make the money back, and I can understand
that," he said.

Cruise did not dispute he owed investors money. "I owe them the money," he said.
"I'm not saying I don't. I would love to pay them back, I'd love to be in a
position to pay them back."

Secretary of State spokesman Brian McNiff said the Securities Division's
investigation began within the last 12 months, after getting consumer
complaints.

Four unnamed investors are listed in the complaint.

According to the filing, Cruise told the Securities Division he used the The
Austin Group account for "kind of everything."

"If I sell, it goes into it," Cruise said, according to the complaint. "If I pay
my bills, it comes out of it. "» I absolutely have put money into The Austin
Group account and taken money out of The Austin Group account for personal
expenses."

The promissory notes were never registered with the Securities Division either,
according to the complaint.

"The idea is, it's a good idea to check with the Securities Division first off
to see if they are registered to sell securities and whether what they are
offering is a security," McNiff said.

One person listed in the complaint as "Investor Three," a Yarmouthport resident,
reportedly gave Cruise $125,000 to be invested in New Hampshire properties.

The Yarmouthport resident stopped getting interest payments from the note in
2008 and has not recovered money since then, according to the Secretary of
State's office.

Cruise has three weeks to file a response to the allegations against him.

The case is slated to be presented to a Securities Division hearings officer,
McNiff said.

The division is also expected to refer the case to a prosecutor, McNiff said.

___ (c)2012 the Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Mass.) Visit the Cape Cod Times
(Hyannis, Mass.) at www.capecodonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121120-CA-Centerville-man-charged-with-fraud-1120-20121120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2012 Cape Code Times


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                      June 15, 2000 Thursday Final Edition

Gangbusters break up a Wall St.-mob merger scheme

SOURCE: Associated Press

SECTION: Money; Pg. A40

LENGTH: 350 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

NEW YORK -- Charges were brought yesterday against 120 people in the largest
securities fraud crackdown in U.S. history. Among those charged were members of
all five New York City organized crime families.

Barry Mawn, FBI assistant director in charge of the New York office, said the
investigation had "uncovered once again La Cosa Nostra's efforts to infiltrate
the securities markets."

"No matter what market the mob tries to infiltrate, from the fish market to the
stock market, the methods it uses are always the same: violence and the threat
of violence," he said.

Richard Walker, director of enforcement of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission, called the crimes "among the most egregious witnessed in recent
years."

As part of the overall scheme, the Internet was sometimes used to promote
stocks, and companies were falsely touted as dot-com companies to induce
investors to capitalize on the Internet boom.

The charges were detailed in 16 indictments and seven criminal complaints
unsealed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan. The schemes allegedly resulted in
total losses of more than $50 million US.

Among those charged in the mammoth scheme were 10 alleged members and associates
of organized crime, a former New York police detective, a West Coast investment
adviser, stock promoters, brokers, and officers, directors and other insiders of
several companies.

Arrests occurred in New Jersey, New York, Connecticut, Pennsylvania, Maryland,
Virginia, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Texas, Illinois, Utah and California, Mawn
said.

Participants allegedly engaged in racketeering, using bribery, extortion and
even soliciting murder to further frauds that reaped millions of illegal
dollars.

In recent years, members of organized crime families have surfaced more
frequently in securities fraud investigations.

Authorities have said mobsters have tried to infiltrate Wall Street because they
have been forced out of many of their more traditional rackets and because
dramatic rises in the value of stocks has convinced them there is easy money to
be made.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; Crime

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2016 Saturday

Texas: Five tips for London's startup community in 2016

LENGTH: 880  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Austin: JD Supra Business Advisor, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:



    London's Tech City has grown enormously from its birth in 2010 to now become
the sixth most significant area for Tech startups globally and the first in the
EU. Figures out early January from Companies House have shown that of the
600,000 new businesses set up in the UK last year around 30 per cent were
located in London. Despite the fear of escalating rents, London's popularity
shows no signs of abating.





 Here are five tips young entrepreneurs can implement to take advantage of the
Capital's burgeoning innovation surge:



 1. Grass roots support - make the most of it



 Since the Conservatives backed the development of Tech City in 2010, there has
been an increasing amount of schemes and reliefs available to attract startups
and talented individuals. Schemes such as the Codecadamy and Maker's Academy and
teach courses specifically to prepare younger people for entry level graduate
Tech jobs.



 The government are also championing the 'Future Fifty' programme, which
supports the UK's top 50 growth-stage digital companies, with successful alumni
including Just Eat, Skyscanner, ao.com and Zoopla. The programme provides access
to expertise within government and the private sector and offers tailored
support to help builds links with the UK's institutional investor base.



 Corporates are catching on and offering free advice to startups. DLA Piper
offers a free business startup pack to provide assistance and support to early
stage startups who are looking to establish their business on a more formal
business.



 2. Cash incentives - take advantage of them



 In the 2015 Budget, the government pledged &pound;140 million to develop
applications for the Internet of Things and smart cities. There are several
startup funding schemes which can be taken advantage of - including Entrepreneur
First, EBAN: The European Trade Association for Business Angels, Seed Funds and
Early Stage Market Players, Seed Camp and competitions, such as the Internet of
Things Launchpad competition, offering a prize of one million pounds to the
winning idea.



 3. London's international access - use London's reputation to attract the best
employees



 Supported by government backing, Tech City UK was created in recent years
specifically to market London abroad as a new Tech hub, encouraging foreign
investment.



 Indeed, investment prospects in London are currently so favourable that it is
an even more desirable location than the Silicon Valley, according to recent
analysis. Data showed San Francisco has a ratio of investors to startups of 2:1,
whereas London is 3:1, showing the latter provides the favourable conditions for
people seeking to invest in a startup.



 London's connectivity with the rest of the world means not only is it likely to
already possess the necessary talent, but it has the relationships and means to
bring in more overseas talent where it is needed.



 Some examples include visa schemes in place to encourage further skilled
immigration. One scheme offers visas for 200 skilled Tech workers; another is
the Entrepreneur's visa, which is available to individuals that already have
&pound;50,000 in funding, and are ready for the next stage of investment. In
addition to these, there is a 'tier one' scheme for exceptionally talent skilled
workers within IT, and a 'tier two' scheme, which enables 20,700 skilled workers
per year from outside the EU to come to the UK.



 4. IP is defendable - protect it



 When you have a great idea, there is always the risk of competitors wanting to
sell your ideas as their own. By protecting your IP, you not only remove this
risk, but you can also boost the value of your business and make your business a
more attractive acquisition target.



 In the UK, protecting your IP is easier than you may think - the registration
of patents or trade marks can be done (without the need for solicitors) through
the intellectual property office website.



 5. Tech hubs - choose the one that's right for you



 As already mentioned, Tech City, located in East London, seems to dominate the
London tech scene. For those involved in financial services, Tech City's
location near the financial district would seem to make it the obvious choice;
but Tech City need not be for everyone. Further East, the Olympic Park iCITY is
emerging as a new hotspot, particularly for media and broadcasting startups,
with BT Sport having recently moved its headquarters to the Press and Broadcast
Centres here. Moving West, the area covering Soho, Fitzrovia and Covent Garden
is the second most popular area in London on the tech scene, attracting film,
television and special effect companies. This is to name but a few areas across
London that are fast emerging as tech hubs in their own right.



 So you've chosen what area you want to be in, what next? Office space. There
are a number of incubators and accelerate programs across London that offer
relatively cheap rent and high quality office space. WeWork is a great example
of coworking office space with 8 offices at different locations across London; a
location to suit every type of startup!



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                              July 12, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

We've got 1,000 sex workers fighting crime - and we've locked up 8 thugs;
police. hail scheme ¦ Police hail scheme to target violent punters

BYLINE: AMY GLENDINNING

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 299 words


MORE than 1,000 sex workers have signed up to a Manchester-based scheme
identifying violent pun- scheme identifying violent punters during its first
year in operation.

The National Ugly Mugs scheme, based in Miles Platting, creates a database of
offenders who prey on prostitutes and escorts.

Women who would otherwise not go to the police can report details of attacks to
Ugly Mugs - helping other women avoid violent punters.

Launched last July, the scheme is now celebrating 1,061 members at its first
birthday.

More than 60 escort websites and brothels have also signed up.

There have been 410 reports of dangerous punters filed, including more than 100
sexual assaults - with eight offenders locked up as a result.

A quarter of those would have gone unreported if Ugly Mugs had not been there to
pass information on to the police.

Alex Bryce, manager of the NUM scheme, said: "This is a groundbreaking scheme
and even with limited resources its impact continues to grow. I do believe that
in just one year we have seen a more positive relationship in many areas between
sex workers and the police and the scheme has really changed attitudes.

'I have doubt scheme has lives' "I have no doubt that NUM has saved lives and
will continue to do so."

Martin Hewitt from the Association of Chief Police Officers, said: "The message
is clear it is about ensuring that all of us - police, health services,
charities and other partners work together to deliver the best possible service
to our victims.

no the "One of the greatest challenges in dealing with sexual offending is
giving equal access to justice for all those that suffer crimes against them.
"The National Ugly Mugs scheme is a valuable partner in taking on that
challenge." amy.glendinning@men-news.co.uk

'I have no doubt the scheme has saved lives'

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHANGED ATTITUDES NUM manager Alex Bryce

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEN


                     Copyright 2013 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                   (DealBook)

                             July 10, 2014 Thursday

Despite Exposure of Madoff Fraud, New Ponzi Schemes Emerge

BYLINE: ELIZABETH OLSON

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 1106 words



HIGHLIGHT: Financial regulators say a new Ponzi scheme operator is found nearly
every week, and legal actions are brought against about 100 such questionable
investment operations every year.


When the money was rolling in from investors, Scott W. Rothstein, a lawyer in
Fort Lauderdale, Fla., bought his wife, Kimberly, more than $1 million in
jewelry, including an opulent 12-carat yellow diamond ring. He lived in a
multimillion-dollar waterfront mansion and regularly wrote big checks to
charities and politicians.

But the good life ended in 2009, when the government accused him of defrauding
investors of up to $400 million with a Ponzi scheme based on selling stakes in
legal settlements. Both Rothsteins went to jail.

Their high-flying lifestyle goes hand in hand with masterminds of Ponzi schemes
- named after the American fraudster Charles Ponzi who bilked investors a
century ago. And despite efforts by the authorities, particularly after the
unmasking of Bernard L. Madoff in 2008 in the largest Ponzi scheme in history,
these frauds still surface distressingly often around the country. State and
federal financial regulators say a new Ponzi scheme operator is found nearly
every week, and legal actions are brought against about 100 such questionable
investment operations every year.

"Every other day, you see new schemes uncovered that involve big dollar
amounts," said Jordan D. Maglich, a Tampa, Fla., lawyer who follows Ponzi
schemes. He started ponzitracker.com in 2009 after working with his law firm to
help recover the $350 million that a Sarasota, Fla., hedge fund manager, Arthur
G. Nadel, defrauded from investors, and realized there was no central point of
information on such frauds.

Over the last five years, Mr. Maglich said, he has followed about 500 Ponzi
schemes on his site, which includes links to legal documents, including those
filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission, which posts some of them on its
website; the Commodity Futures Trading Commission; and state financial
authorities.

Such swindles are largely viewed as distasteful cousins in the high-rolling
world of securities, but they still rake in amounts that could be envied on Wall
Street. In May alone, at least nine newly discovered Ponzi schemes were claimed
to involve more than $96 million, said Kathy Bazoian Phelps, a Los Angeles
lawyer who keeps a running tally on her blog.

"The numbers are extraordinary," said Ms. Phelps, who co-wrote "The Ponzi Book:
A Legal Resource for Unraveling Ponzi Schemes," "and the totals for earlier
months this year were even higher."

In April, for example, the S.E.C. charged Neal V. Goyal, a Chicago investment
adviser, in a $11.4 million scheme in which Mr. Goyal lost money in initial
trades, but hid the losses by paying original investors with proceeds from newer
recruits. He also used the money for an array of purchases - two homes,
expensive jewelry, watches, artwork and a staff vacation at a luxury Caribbean
resort - and to invest in a local tavern and two children's clothing stores that
his wife owned, according to government documents.

The S.E.C. brought charges in June against a Sarasota, Fla., private fund
manager, Gaeton S. Della Penna, known as Guy, who gathered $3.8 million from
investors, but spent it on bad investments and diverted more than $1 million to
pay the mortgage on a 10,000-square-foot home and to subsidize a girlfriend.

Another Ponzi scheme organizer, Brian R. Callahan, who lived lavishly on Long
Island, pleaded guilty in April to securities and wire fraud after collecting
$118 million from dozens of investors, including a local fire department, who
were told their money would go into mutual funds, hedge funds and securities,
according to the S.E.C. He invested instead in a beachfront resort and spent
money on lavish residences and cars. He is facing up to 40 years in prison.

The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the industry-funded watchdog
founded in 2007, also pursues Ponzi offenders. One, Oren E. Sullivan Jr., of
Rock Hill, S.C., misappropriated some $3.7 million in a decades-long scheme that
tapped the assets of 15 widows, two Alzheimer's sufferers and a developmentally
impaired person. A number of the 30 victims were more than 80 years old.

The authority also expelled the Washington firm Success Trade Securities from
its membership and barred the firm's chief executive, Fuad Ahmed, for creating a
Ponzi scheme. The firm and Mr. Ahmed were ordered last month to pay almost $14
million in restitution to 59 investors, many of whom are current and former
National Football League or National Basketball Association players.

On the state level, Ponzi schemes were the third-most-frequent source of state
enforcement actions in 2012, according to the most recent totals from the North
America Securities Administrators Association.

The C.F.T.C.'s enforcement actions jumped 45 percent in the 2011 fiscal year,
prompting Bart Chilton, a former C.F.T.C. commissioner, to write the book,
"Ponzimonium: How Scam Artists Are Ripping Off America," to tell the stories of
10 schemes in 2009.

"Such mini-Madoff scams are taking place across the nation," said Mr. Chilton,
now an adviser to the DLA Piper law firm. "People were getting ripped off with a
lot of foreign exchange deals, which are not as complicated as options, and
commodities pools," Mr. Chilton said, "and they were losing money they had set
aside for college funds or health care expenses or retirement."

Many Ponzi operators like Mr. Della Penna find investors among people they meet
at church or at country or sports clubs. "There is an embedded trust factor that
gets abused in these affinity frauds, and normal due diligence goes out the
window," said Christopher T. Marquet, who runs an investigative and litigation
support firm in Boston and wrote a report on major Ponzi investment fraud cases
from 2002 to 2011.

Diana J. Foley, the administrator of the Nevada Securities Division, said she
saw such fraudulent schemes every day, and noted that "with the state of current
returns on investments, there's an environment for these people to operate."

And many have a veneer of prosperity that can be persuasive to investors, she
said.

"Individuals who promote Ponzi schemes can be very adept and convincing," Ms.
Foley said. "They live in a nice house and drive nice cars and appear to be very
successful. I can't think of a case where there weren't some trappings of
success."

No matter how great the returns sound, make sure the investment adviser is
legitimately registered, Mr. Chilton advised.

"The rates of return promised are dazzling, but we need to step back and do our
due diligence," he said. "And if you can't recall the red flags for swindlers,
just remember what your mother told you not to do - like don't take candy from
strangers."

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                              June 7, 1999, Monday

WATCHDOG TARGETS RIP-OFF SCHEMES

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: CRONIN R

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 408 words


Watchdog targets

'rip-off' schemes

Rhyll Cronin

A TASK force from the Queensland office of Australia's corporate regulator is
preparing a blitz on rip-off investment schemes.

Barrie Adams, the Queensland regional commissioner of the Australian Securities
and Investments Commission, said the regulator was responding to a sharp
increase in the number of schemes being offered.

He said a task force of ASIC Queensland officers was now preparing to launch a
fresh wave of action against suspect schemes.

Mr Adams said ASIC aimed to shut down any such schemes within 24 hours by
gaining interim court injunctions.

Already ASIC has gained interim court orders to freeze the operations of three
schemes suspected of placing investors' funds at risk.

The separate court actions involve investment offers which have attracted about
$1.6 million in funds.

"I haven't seen it as bad as this in the eight years I've been in the job," Mr
Adams said.

He said many of the schemes involved taking investors' funds offshore with the
funds subsequently disappearing.

Meanwhile, accountancy firm Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu has also warned that the
annual rollout of tax-based investment schemes, aimed at attracting investors
keen to reduce their end-of-financial-year tax bill, had begun.

Deloitte Financial Services Queensland managing director David Stirling said
that while some of the schemes were beneficial and had Australian Taxation
Office rulings, most did not stack up.

Mr Stirling said of the scores of tax-effective schemes on offer, Deloittes had
been able to find only three high grade investments.

Mr Adams said most investment schemes targeted by ASIC were offering
unrealistically high returns, some up to 25 percent a month, to attract gullible
investors.

He said about 10 to 15 ASIC officers in Queensland were examining schemes.

ASIC was also working with international regulators to shut down offshore
schemes, many of which found their way into Australia through the Internet.

The ASIC has previously highlighted the ease that rip-off schemes can attract
funds by inventing its own fake offers and then warning those who responded that
they had put their funds at risk.

An ASIC Internet page making a fake offer for an investment in a millenium bug
insurance group attracted $4 million from gullible investors on April Fools'
Day.

Mr Adams said investors needed to make thorough checks of investment offers.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1999 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           January 21, 2016 Thursday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Chesco man gets more than 11 years in prison for Ponzi scheme

BYLINE: By Julie Shaw; Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 343 words


A Chester County man who defrauded more than 250 investors of $3 million, and
who spent some time on the run and collected pipe bombs and firearms, was
sentenced Wednesday by a federal judge in Philadelphia to 11 years and eight
months behind bars.

U.S. District Judge Robert Kelly also ordered Istvan Merchenthaler, 45, of
Downingtown, to pay $3.4 million in restitution; $400,000 for taxes owed; and
$31,741 to a North Carolina state bureau for the cost of a bomb-squad robot
destroyed during an investigation of a storage facility containing several
improvised explosive devices.

In October 2014, Merchenthaler pleaded guilty in Philadelphia federal court to
the fraud charges, and to possessing explosives and firearms.

In May 2006, Merchenthaler founded PhoneCard USA, a prepaid phone-card and
cellphone distributor that prosecutors said was nothing more than a Ponzi scheme
. He lured victims to invest in the company, then used their money to pay some
of the older investors. But mostly, he used the money on himself.

His scheme largely ended in May 2012, when federal agents arrested him on fraud
charges.

While free on bail, however, Merchenthaler continued to lure people to invest in
his scheme, federal authorities said. Then, in October 2012, Merchenthaler
removed his electronic-monitoring bracelet and took off in a Jeep Grand Cherokee
stolen from a dealership in Glen Mills.

His luck ran out February 2013, when authorities found him in Maryland and began
widening their investigation.

They searched storage units in Malvern and properties and storage units he and
family members either rented or owned in Maryland and North Carolina. The
searches yielded 17 firearms, including a 9mm Cobray M-11 semiautomatic machine
pistol; 11,580 rounds of ammunition; 67 pipe bombs; and 567 cardboard tubes
filled with explosive powder.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Vineet Gauri said after Wednesday's hearing that
authorities had no information pointing to Merchenthaler's planning any kind of
terroristic attack.

shawj@phillynews.com

215-854-2592 @julieshawphilly


LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Lancashire

                                October 11, 2005

On road to relief

SECTION: News

LENGTH: 282 words


A PARK and Ride scheme for Rawtenstall is among the suggestions aimed at
improving transport in the valley.

A report to be discussed at a meeting of Lancashire County Council's local
meeting next week lists the idea among suggestions for reducing road casualties
and delays improving air quality and the condition of transport infrastructure
and increasing journeys by bus and rail.

Other suggestions in the plan which covers transport for the next five years
include improving pedestrian links between visitor attractions and the town
centre improving the gyratory system and making roads safer.

Roads that have a poor safety record will be improved by a combination of local
safety schemes and training schemes. This will include training schemes for road
users different age groups and will target road safety campaigns at vulnerable
groups.

However the feasibility of a rail link to Manchester has been ruled out although
it remains a long term aspiration for the county council.

Council bosses want to increase the number of coaches using Rawtenstall so
tourist numbers are increased and suitable locations for a Park and Ride scheme
are being assessed.

A possible location could be the New Hall Hey site. There were discussions with
developer Hurstwood's transport consultants at the time of a previous
development application and county transport chiefs say talks will continue in
discussions over any new planning application for the site.

Transport issues for Bacup Stacksteads and Britannia are being looked at as part
of the ongoing masterplans for the areas.

All the schemes will be discussed at the Lancashire local meeting on Monday.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2005 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                 March 28, 2002

Olympic winners show hearts of gold too

BYLINE: sarahb

SECTION: NEWS; OTHER; Others; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 292 words


Olympic gold medallists Janice Rankin, left, and Fiona MacDonald launch the
Life-Link packs. Les Parker INVERNESS'S Olympic medallists put their busy lives
on ice yesterday to launch a lifesaving scheme for elderly and vulnerable people
in the Highlands.

Curlers Fiona MacDonald and Janice Rankin, who took gold as part of the British
women's team in Salt Lake City last month, launched the Life-Link Emergency
Information Scheme in Inverness.

Women's group Soroptomist International is the driving force behind the scheme,
which aims to help elderly or vulnerable people who live alone and who are on
permanent medication.

Soroptomist Inverness and Nairn president Maureen Gordon said: "We thought it
was an excellent idea to bring the initiative into our area.

"Many of the group have elderly parents and relatives, and it seemed like a
great help." Participants in the scheme are given an envelope in which they put
potentially lifesaving details of any conditions or illnesses they have and any
drugs they have been prescribed.

The envelope is then kept in the refrigerator, with stickers in strategic places
around the house to alert medics in case of an emergency.

Launching the scheme, Mrs MacDonald said: "It's such a good idea for the elderly
and vulnerable and we're just happy to support such a good cause." The scheme is
of particular interest to Inverness, Loch Ness and Nairn MP David Stewart as his
former career as a social worker made him sensitive to the needs of society's
most vulnerable.

He said: "This is clearly going to be an aid to medical workers and the more
vulnerable members of our community.

"I'm also delighted to meet the curlers for the first time as they support this
worthwhile initiative."

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2002 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Post-Tribune, Merrillville, Ind.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 28, 2016 Thursday

State sues former Gary worker in computer fraud scheme

BYLINE: Carole Carlson, Post-Tribune, Merrillville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 707 words


Jan. 28--The state is seeking nearly $1.4 million from a former city of Gary
information technology worker, who carried out an elaborate fraud scheme for
more than three years, according to the lawsuit filed Thursday by Attorney
General Greg Zoeller.

Zoeller said the scheme involved fraudulent purchases of electronics and
duplicate or falsified invoices.

The civil complaint was filed in Lake Superior Court against Monique S.
Bowling-Boyd, of Merrillville. She has not been charged in criminal court, but
an investigation is ongoing by the Indiana State Police.

Zoeller's office has received a temporary restraining order, which prohibits
Bowling-Boyd from selling, transferring or concealing any of her financial
assets or property. It's in effect until Lake County Superior Court Judge Diane
Schneider holds a 1:30 p.m. Tuesday hearing on the state's motion for a
preliminary injunction that would freeze Bowling-Boyd's assets indefinitely.

Zoeller is also asking the court to triple the amount of damages awarded to the
state.

Bowling-Boyd's alleged wrongdoing was uncovered by a special investigative audit
by the State Board of Accounts last year. She was fired last spring when the
investigation began. The Information Technology department office in the
basement at City Hall was abruptly moved to the Gary police station and it was
moved to the jurisdiction of Commander Sarita Titus.

"What is alleged here is that this individual violated the public trust through
a fraud against the city that squandered the taxpayers' funds. Most public
servants are honest and provide good services, but the audit concluded this
defendant exploited the city's purchasing system, misappropriating funds at
taxpayers' expense," Zoeller said in a statement.

Bowling-Boyd could not be reached for comment. No attorney for her was listed on
the complaint.

The State Board of Accounts initiated the audit after the state police reported
that Apple laptops and other computer equipment, whose serial numbers indicated
they were owned by the city, had been discovered in Illinois by authorities
during a traffic stop.

The fraud occurred in multiple ways, the audit found:

--Bowling-Boyd submitted multiple vouchers seeking payment of purchases of
computer equipment that the city in turn approved for payment. The audit found,
however, that some of the invoices she cited were duplicates and other vouchers
did not match up to any actual invoices or amounts.

--Bowling-Boyd purchased another $936,988 in Apple brand electronic equipment,
drawing upon six of the city's accounts; but the supplier listed those purchases
as being unpaid. Moreover, Bowling-Boyd purchased another $28,932 in Apple
products that were shipped to her. After a full inventory search by the City of
Gary, none of those products, whether paid or unpaid, were found in city
government's possession.

--Another $25,818 in non-Apple portable electronics was purchased by
Bowling-Boyd with city funds from a supplier, records showed, but they could not
be found in the city's inventory. And $21,454 in non-Apple equipment purchased
by the city and shipped to Bowling-Boyd from a second vendor could not be found
in the city's possession either.

The state investigation led to sweeping changes in how the city purchases goods.
The city has halted its practice of open purchase orders.

The audit found the city frequently issued open purchase orders when it expected
to make multiple purchases from a vendor.

"The use of 'open' purchase orders also allowed for extensive purchasing of
items not in the possession of the city, and without detection by city
officials," the audit stated.

The city has also established an internal controls team to examine procedures
across departments, as well as implementing a centralized inventory system.

"Part of it was she utilized technology to create what appeared to be an
original invoice," said Mayor Karen Freeman-Wilson.

"The best thing is that she will be held criminally responsible. It's
unfortunate. It makes me sick to my stomach," Freeman-Wilson said.

ccarlson@post-trib.com

___ (c)2016 the Post-Tribune (Merrillville, Ind.) Visit the Post-Tribune
(Merrillville, Ind.) at www.chicagotribune.com/suburbs/post-tribune Distributed
by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160128-GA-State-sues-former-Gary-worker-in-computer-fraud-scheme
-0128-20160128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GA


                                 Copyright 2016


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     July 13, 1994 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

PREATE WARNS OF PYRAMID SCAM SPREADING IN PHILA. SUBURBS

BYLINE: Frederick Cusick, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 489 words


An illegal pyramid scam being marketed to suburban police officers, among
others, is spreading in Philadelphia and its suburbs, officials said yesterday.

Attorney General Ernie Preate Jr. warned consumers against participating in the
so-called Friends Network Gifting Program, a pyramid scam that promises 700
percent profits, tax free.

"Those who participate in an illegal pyramid scheme risk not only the loss of
their investment but also the possibility of civil penalties," Preate said.

Preate said lawyers from his Bureau of Consumer Protection office in
Philadelphia are holding hearings beginning today with 23 individuals who
allegedly participated in the scheme.

Stuart Ford, a lawyer in the consumer protection bureau, said that the
investigation's goal is to get the money returned. Ford said the office would
also seek civil fines and reimbursement for the costs of its investigation.

Joseph Carroll, first deputy district attorney in Chester County, said that his
office had gotten inquiries from officers in eight local police departments
about the legality of participating in the scheme. He said he had also heard
rumors that some officers had joined the scheme.

Pyramid schemes are invariably unprofitable for the great majority of their
participants because, in order to earn profits, the pyramid must continually
expand. While a small number who get in early may get all the way to the top,
the supply of newcomers ready to shovel money in at the bottom is always soon
exhausted.

The Friends Network Gifting Program is an unusually blatant example of the type.
To participate, an individual must first chip in $1,500 to get into the four
level pyramid. Eight new recruits are each required to send $1,500 to the name
at the top, for a total of $12,000. As additional recruits come in, the earlier
participants each move up. Network fliers claim that the "gift" giving operation
is legal and also tax free. State officials say both claims are wrong.

Pyramid schemes are illegal under the state's Unfair Trade Practices and
Consumer Protection Law, the attorney general said, "because the vast majority
of participants lose their investments as the pool of possible recruits dries
up."

Preate said the Friends Network scam was first reported in the state in May in
Lancaster and Dauphin Counties and has spread through Chester County and into
the Philadelphia area. Ford said that as near as the Attorney General's Office
can tell, the scam came to Pennsylvania from Texas, possibly from the Houston
area.

The Friends Network already has claimed a large number of victims in Lancaster
and York Counties. The press there reported in May that more than 200 people,
many involved in the local real estate industry, had participated in the scam.

Preate said people who have knowledge of the Friends Network should call the
Bureau of Consumer Protection office at 215-560-2414.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1994 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Three Charged in Connection with Stock Manipulation Scheme

LENGTH: 532  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Three men who allegedly manipulated penny stocks, and then laundered the
proceeds by purchasing precious metals, were charged today in U.S. District
Court in Tacoma with conspiracy to commit securities fraud and conspiracy to
launder monetary instruments, announced U.S. Attorney Jenny A. Durkan. MIKHAIL
GALAS, 24, of Vancouver, Washington was arrested in Long Beach, California after
he arrived on a flight from Portland, Oregon. He will make his initial
appearance in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles. CHRISTOPHER MROWCA, 24, was
arrested in Bradenton, Florida and will make his initial appearance in Tampa.
ALEXANDER HAWATMEH, 23, of Salem, Oregon is incarcerated in Oregon on an
unrelated charge and will appear in federal court at a later date. In addition
to the arrests, searches were conducted in Vancouver, Washington, Bradenton,
Florida, Salem, Oregon and Boulder, Colorado.

"Manipulative trading in penny stocks can lead to big profits for swindlers at
the expense of small investors who buy the hype," said U.S. Attorney Jenny A.
Durkan. "The Securities and Exchange Commission is working closely with our
office to hold these market manipulators accountable."

In addition to the criminal complaint filed today, the Securities and Exchange
Commission also filed a civil case against the men.

According to the criminal complaint, between December 2011 and April 2012, the
men engaged in a scheme to make it appear that a particular penny stock was
being actively traded. During that period the men accounted for 85 percent of
the trades in the particular stock related to a purported flea market business
in Florida. The conspirators allegedly engaged in "matched trades" where one
sold shares and the other bought shares to make it appear investors were
interested in the company. In fact the penny stock had little value and no
business that would generate significant revenue or income. In addition to the
trades to make it appear there was interest in the stock, the men sent
fraudulent and misleading "blast" e-mails through promotional websites and
e-mail addresses under their control with the intent of increasing demand for
the stock. The blast e-mails enticed other unknowing investors to buy the stock
- then the men sold their shares, earning a profit of more than $223,000.
CHRISTOPHER MROWCA and ALEXANDER HAWATMEH then engaged in a scheme to launder
the proceeds of the illegal stock manipulation scheme by passing the money
through third party accounts and ultimately purchasing gold and silver bars.

Conspiracy to commit securities fraud is punishable by up to five years in
prison and a $250,000 fine. Conspiracy to launder monetary instruments is
punishable by up to 20 years in prison.

The charges contained in the complaint are only allegations. A person is
presumed innocent unless and until he or she is proven guilty beyond a
reasonable doubt in a court of law.

The case is being investigated by the FBI. The case is being prosecuted by
Assistant United States Attorneys Justin Arnold and Katheryn Kim Frierson.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Three Charged in Connection with Stock Manipulation Scheme

LENGTH: 532  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Three men who allegedly manipulated penny stocks, and then laundered the
proceeds by purchasing precious metals, were charged today in U.S. District
Court in Tacoma with conspiracy to commit securities fraud and conspiracy to
launder monetary instruments, announced U.S. Attorney Jenny A. Durkan. MIKHAIL
GALAS, 24, of Vancouver, Washington was arrested in Long Beach, California after
he arrived on a flight from Portland, Oregon. He will make his initial
appearance in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles. CHRISTOPHER MROWCA, 24, was
arrested in Bradenton, Florida and will make his initial appearance in Tampa.
ALEXANDER HAWATMEH, 23, of Salem, Oregon is incarcerated in Oregon on an
unrelated charge and will appear in federal court at a later date. In addition
to the arrests, searches were conducted in Vancouver, Washington, Bradenton,
Florida, Salem, Oregon and Boulder, Colorado.

"Manipulative trading in penny stocks can lead to big profits for swindlers at
the expense of small investors who buy the hype," said U.S. Attorney Jenny A.
Durkan. "The Securities and Exchange Commission is working closely with our
office to hold these market manipulators accountable."

In addition to the criminal complaint filed today, the Securities and Exchange
Commission also filed a civil case against the men.

According to the criminal complaint, between December 2011 and April 2012, the
men engaged in a scheme to make it appear that a particular penny stock was
being actively traded. During that period the men accounted for 85 percent of
the trades in the particular stock related to a purported flea market business
in Florida. The conspirators allegedly engaged in "matched trades" where one
sold shares and the other bought shares to make it appear investors were
interested in the company. In fact the penny stock had little value and no
business that would generate significant revenue or income. In addition to the
trades to make it appear there was interest in the stock, the men sent
fraudulent and misleading "blast" e-mails through promotional websites and
e-mail addresses under their control with the intent of increasing demand for
the stock. The blast e-mails enticed other unknowing investors to buy the stock
- then the men sold their shares, earning a profit of more than $223,000.
CHRISTOPHER MROWCA and ALEXANDER HAWATMEH then engaged in a scheme to launder
the proceeds of the illegal stock manipulation scheme by passing the money
through third party accounts and ultimately purchasing gold and silver bars.

Conspiracy to commit securities fraud is punishable by up to five years in
prison and a $250,000 fine. Conspiracy to launder monetary instruments is
punishable by up to 20 years in prison.

The charges contained in the complaint are only allegations. A person is
presumed innocent unless and until he or she is proven guilty beyond a
reasonable doubt in a court of law.

The case is being investigated by the FBI. The case is being prosecuted by
Assistant United States Attorneys Justin Arnold and Katheryn Kim Frierson.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 5, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Three Charged in Connection with Stock Manipulation Scheme

LENGTH: 532  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Three men who allegedly manipulated penny stocks, and then laundered the
proceeds by purchasing precious metals, were charged today in U.S. District
Court in Tacoma with conspiracy to commit securities fraud and conspiracy to
launder monetary instruments, announced U.S. Attorney Jenny A. Durkan. MIKHAIL
GALAS, 24, of Vancouver, Washington was arrested in Long Beach, California after
he arrived on a flight from Portland, Oregon. He will make his initial
appearance in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles. CHRISTOPHER MROWCA, 24, was
arrested in Bradenton, Florida and will make his initial appearance in Tampa.
ALEXANDER HAWATMEH, 23, of Salem, Oregon is incarcerated in Oregon on an
unrelated charge and will appear in federal court at a later date. In addition
to the arrests, searches were conducted in Vancouver, Washington, Bradenton,
Florida, Salem, Oregon and Boulder, Colorado.

"Manipulative trading in penny stocks can lead to big profits for swindlers at
the expense of small investors who buy the hype," said U.S. Attorney Jenny A.
Durkan. "The Securities and Exchange Commission is working closely with our
office to hold these market manipulators accountable."

In addition to the criminal complaint filed today, the Securities and Exchange
Commission also filed a civil case against the men.

According to the criminal complaint, between December 2011 and April 2012, the
men engaged in a scheme to make it appear that a particular penny stock was
being actively traded. During that period the men accounted for 85 percent of
the trades in the particular stock related to a purported flea market business
in Florida. The conspirators allegedly engaged in "matched trades" where one
sold shares and the other bought shares to make it appear investors were
interested in the company. In fact the penny stock had little value and no
business that would generate significant revenue or income. In addition to the
trades to make it appear there was interest in the stock, the men sent
fraudulent and misleading "blast" e-mails through promotional websites and
e-mail addresses under their control with the intent of increasing demand for
the stock. The blast e-mails enticed other unknowing investors to buy the stock
- then the men sold their shares, earning a profit of more than $223,000.
CHRISTOPHER MROWCA and ALEXANDER HAWATMEH then engaged in a scheme to launder
the proceeds of the illegal stock manipulation scheme by passing the money
through third party accounts and ultimately purchasing gold and silver bars.

Conspiracy to commit securities fraud is punishable by up to five years in
prison and a $250,000 fine. Conspiracy to launder monetary instruments is
punishable by up to 20 years in prison.

The charges contained in the complaint are only allegations. A person is
presumed innocent unless and until he or she is proven guilty beyond a
reasonable doubt in a court of law.

The case is being investigated by the FBI. The case is being prosecuted by
Assistant United States Attorneys Justin Arnold and Katheryn Kim Frierson.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 23, 1999, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Of Fraud, Millions and One Who Got Away

BYLINE: By JOSEPH KAHN and JOSEPH B. TREASTER

SECTION: Section C; Page 1; Column 3; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1629 words


In early March, a Mississippi regulator stumbled upon a curious statistic:
Several insurers in the state were part of a group of companies that had
funneled as much as $14 billion in stock trades through a Connecticut-based
securities firm, paying just $40,000 in commissions.

Even in the age of discount brokers, it seemed too much of a bargain to be true.
It was. As they pushed the companies to explain the transactions and show that
they were real, Mississippi officials brought down what appears to have been a
house of cards, unearthing what investigators now suspect is one of the biggest
insurance frauds in recent years.

Within a few weeks, Martin R. Frankel, the man whose brokerage firm claimed to
have made those trades, had fled with hundreds of millions of dollars that
investigators said he siphoned from as many as 11 insurance companies in five
states.

Federal authorities have issued an arrest warrant for Mr. Frankel, though he has
not been charged with any crime. They suspect that his firm, Liberty National
Securities, was the foundation of a pyramid scheme. Mr. Frankel, they said,
escaped just before it collapsed, slipping out of the United States in early
May. He left behind a trail of intrigue that extends from small Southern
insurance companies and the "back country" luxury of Greenwich, Conn., to the
Caribbean and the Vatican.

The full scale of the scheme is a mystery, as are many details of Mr. Frankel's
life. A native of Toledo, Ohio, operating amid elaborate security and under at
least three aliases, Mr. Frankel, who is 44, absconded with at least $334.6
million in life insurance premiums from companies in Tennessee, Mississippi,
Oklahoma, Virginia and Missouri, Federal prosecutors said in a complaint filed
in Federal District Court in Connecticut late last month.

The scheme may have involved larger sums -- unless accounting records filed by
Mr. Frankel were faked. A civil lawsuit filed by the insurers says that $950
million is missing, though some of that may reflect exaggerated trading profits.

And nearly $2 billion appears to be missing from a charity controlled by Mr.
Frankel and affiliated with a Vatican-linked foundation, though some
investigators question whether those assets ever existed.

Though nearly everyone involved in the matter expresses confusion as to exactly
what happened, Mr. Frankel, cloaked with credibility provided by the Roman
Catholic Church and several prominent political, legal and media figures with
whom he associated himself, defrauded insurance companies that he controlled,
Federal investigators said, on the assumption that he could move faster than the
state regulators who police them.

"This is all like Alice in the Looking Glass, but we think it's all part of his
pyramid scheme," said John Q. Kelly, a lawyer who represents a Catholic priest
associated with Mr. Frankel. "He kept a stranglehold on the money, and everyone
else involved with him just saw a piece of it."

It took regulators years to catch on. The red flags included Mr. Frankel's tiny
commissions, together with what appeared to be huge daily trades of Treasury
securities, a practice considered unusual for insurers.

But the authorities apparently did not discover until too late that Mr. Frankel
had been banned from the securities business by the Securities and Exchange
Commission for earlier conflicts with investors in Ohio. His quickness in
ferrying money to Swiss and other foreign bank accounts when he came under
scrutiny also escaped notice.

Though Federal investigators say that he often used aliases including David
Rosse, Mike King and Eric Stevens, Martin R. Frankel was well known to some
regulators. The S.E.C. first brought civil fraud charges against him in 1991,
contending that he had "engaged in a fraudulent scheme" in the sale of limited
partnership interests in an entity called the Frankel Fund.

According to the commission, Mr. Frankel lied about the fund's past performance,
his own experience, the identities of the fund's managers and how the proceeds
would be used. More than $1 million was raised from investors. In 1992, Mr.
Frankel settled the complaint by agreeing to be barred from associating with
registered broker-dealers. He promptly violated that agreement by setting up a
new trading shop from his home in Greenwich.

Mr. Frankel surrounded himself with friends who gave him the air of legitimacy.
The Rev. Peter Jacobs, a retired priest now living in Rome who has broad
connections in American political and religious circles, worked closely with Mr.
Frankel to establish a charity, the Saint Francis of Assisi Foundation. Though a
business plan for the charity promised to shower more than $1 billion on poor
people worldwide, it seems to have been used as a vehicle through which Mr.
Frankel sought to buy insurance companies.

When the time came for the charity to hire a law firm, Mr. Frankel approached
Robert S. Strauss, the Democratic Party heavyweight and former ambassador to the
Soviet Union, and retained his firm, Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld. Akin,
Gump said it did minimal work for the charity and no longer has any connection
to it.

The charity also claimed Walter Cronkite, the former CBS news anchor, and Lee
Iacocca, the former chairman of Chrysler, as board members. Mr. Cronkite and Mr.
Iacocca said they had nothing to do with the charity.

Mr. Frankel's troubles became evident on May 5. Firemen responding to an alarm
at his $3 million home in Greenwich found blazing documents spilling out of
fireplaces and a file cabinet smoldering in the kitchen. The house was deserted.

Mr. Frankel, the authorities now suspect, had already fled the country. Clues
were found amid the charred remains of documents in his house. The authorities
found a "to do" list. Item No. 1: "Launder Money."

Mr. Frankel also apparently drew up astrological tables to answer questions
including "Will I go to prison?" and "Should I leave?" The authorities found
research on United States extradition treaties with various countries, including
Israel and Brazil.

The home of Mr. Frankel and the offices of Liberty National shared an elegant
stone contemporary on exclusive Lake Avenue that had been converted with rough
drywall partitions into a trading floor with links to the New York Stock
Exchange and commodities markets.

Mr. Frankel often wore jeans and T-shirts, acording to people who visited his
home, and operated his business single-handedly, though he had a small staff of
young women doing clerical work.

Apparently obsessed with security, Mr. Frankel, several people who knew him
said, traveled with multiple security guards when he ventured outside, which was
rarely. The house was protected by a guardhouse, security cameras and
floodlights. It contained a network of more than 80 computers connected to
satellite receivers.

Mr. Frankel bought at least one other home in Greenwich and created a stir by
using residences with rarefied Lake Avenue addresses to conduct business amid
maximum security. Though several neighbors had used the same access road to get
to their homes, Mr. Frankel installed a guardhouse and other security measures
at the front entry.

Neighbors "literally had to pass through a gantlet of security to get to and
from their homes," said Philip Russell, a lawyer who a few months ago was
consulted by several of Mr. Frankel's neighbors to learn their legal options.
"It is not exactly the kind of neighbor who you go over to borrow a pound of
sugar from."

Making it worse for the neighborhood was the activity at Mr. Frankel's house.
Huge satellite dishes were placed in both the front and back yards, along with
floodlights. Residents grew dismayed at the bustling traffic, with as many as 35
people at the home at every hour of the day and night.

"People were coming and going 24 hours a day, and it was clear there was
intensive commercial activity going on," Mr. Russell said.

Court records filed by Federal prosecutors detail a vast web of bogus companies
and identities that they believe Mr. Frankel used to perpetuate the fraud. At
the center is Sundew International, an entity incorporated under the laws of the
British Virgin Islands. Sundew owned the Greenwich home and had a contract to
pay Mr. Frankel $700,000 a year, court records show.

According to the court records, the fraud worked this way: Mr. Frankel operated
or had ties to several corporations, funds and enterprises that bought
controlling stakes in insurance companies.

Over time, these companies steered trading business to his brokerage company,
Liberty National, allowing Mr. Frankel to drain their assets. Mr. Frankel used a
complicated web of transactions to conceal the destination of funds, according
to court records. For example, one insurer in his orbit invested $30 million in
an account at Prudential Securities, the New York brokerage house. Mr. Frankel
then transferred the money to another account in the name of Bloomfield
Investments, which he controlled from his Connecticut mansion.

That cash was subsequently wired to United Bank of Switzerland, through its
branch in Stamford, Conn., and later to account number 70026 at Banque SCS
Alliance in Switzerland, court records show. Investigators have determined that
money from that account has been used to pay people who worked for Mr. Frankel,
as well as to pay vendors and other expenses.

Regulators in the five states have now seized the insurance companies. Federal
grand juries in Bridgeport, Conn., and Nashville are hearing evidence in the
case. The Federal Government has moved to seize at least $13.8 million held in
14 separate accounts at banks including Citibank, PNC Bank and Bank of New York.

Mr. Frankel's whereabouts is unknown.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Martin R. Frankel, shown in a 1970 high school yearbook
photograph. (The Toledo Blade)(pg. C1); An aerial view of a house in Greenwich,
Conn., where Martin R. Frankel lived and conducted his business. Federal
prosecutors believe that the business involved fraud and that Mr. Frankel may
have fled the country. (The Toledo Blade)(pg. C4)


                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Participant in Advance Fee Fraud Scheme Sentenced to 5 Years in
Federal Prison

LENGTH: 838  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 Deirdre M. Daly, United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut, and
Patricia M. Ferrick, Special Agent in Charge of the New Haven Division of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation, announced that ALEXANDER D. HURT, also known as
"Alex Hurt" and "Alex Dante," 45, of Scottsdale, Ariz., formerly of
Massachusetts, was sentenced today by U.S. District Judge Janet Bond Arterton in
New Haven to 60 months of imprisonment, followed by three years of supervised
release, for his role in an advance fee fraud scheme that victimized more than
40 individuals who lost a total of more than $4.5 million.  HURT also was
ordered to perform 250 hours of community service while on supervised release.





 On December 22, 2014, a grand jury returned an 11-count indictment charging
HURT and David C. Jackson, also known as "C. David Manns," "Charles Jackson" and
"Andrew D. Smithson," with one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and
multiple counts of wire fraud.  The indictment also charged Hurt with one count
of making a false statement to federal law enforcement.  On September 29, 2015,
a jury returned a verdict of guilty on all counts.



 According to the evidence presented during the trial, in approximately
September 2009, Jackson, using the alias "C. David Manns," established Jalin
Realty Capital Advisors, LLC, using a business address in Dayton, Ohio.  In
2011, Jackson changed the name of his business to American Capital Holdings,
LLC, using business addresses in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.  Soon after changing
the business name, Jackson began introducing himself to victim clients as
"Charles Jackson" and then also used the name "Andrew Smithson" to prevent
victims from learning his true identity and the true nature of his background
and his scheme.



 HURT held himself out as Vice President of Brightway Financial Group, LLC, a
company that used a business addresses in Grapevine, Texas.  As established
during the trial, HURT used his background as a pastor with a Brockton,
Massachusetts church to gain the confidence of a number of victims who lost
money in the scheme.  When meeting with victims, HURT represented himself to be
the decision maker with respect to whether or not the individuals would get
loans for their business.  HURT's representations, like the loans themselves
were entirely fraudulent.



 Working together Jackson and others, HURT defrauded individuals, including
Connecticut residents, out of millions of dollars.  In anticipation of receiving
large business loans that HURT represented he could deliver, the victims wired
funds to Jackson, HURT and certain escrow accounts that they had set up.  The
upfront fees were alternately described as "application fees," "collateral fees"
or "commitment fees."  The victims were promised that the fees were totally
refundable, and the victims were told by HURT and others that they would be
provided a refund of the upfront fees if their loan transactions were not
completed.



 In order to convince victim-borrowers that the loans were legitimate and that
Jalin and ACH had successfully secured loans in the past, Jackson provided
victims and potential victims the name and phone number of a co-conspirator and
told them that they could contact her for a reference.  After she was contacted,
the co-conspirator falsely represented to victims and potential victims that she
had, in fact, received funding from Jackson for a construction loan, and that
she had successfully done a project financed with her co-conspirator and Jalin.



 Through this scheme, more than 40 individuals provided Jackson and HURT with
more than $4.5 million in advance fees and funds that were to be held in escrow
for business loans that were never provided.  Some of the individuals received
partial refunds of the advance fees they had provided, but the refunds were made
using fees that had been paid by other victims in a Ponzi-like scheme.



 HURT previously served as Pastor at the Dominion Christian Church in Brockton,
Mass.  As established in court, HURT moved money generated through the scheme
through church accounts and used the proceeds for himself and his family.



 HURT was ordered to pay restitution in the amount of $2,255,000



 On February 8, 2016, Jackson was sentenced to 205 months of imprisonment.



 Jackson was previously convicted in the Western District of Pennsylvania of
federal bank fraud and money laundering offenses in October 2006 and was
sentenced to 41 months in prison, followed by five years of supervised release.
He was released from federal prison in September 2009 and operated this advance
fee fraud scheme while on supervised release.



 This matter was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Ansonia Police Department, and was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys
Anthony E. Kaplan and Michael S. McGarry.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                           December 13, 1993, Monday

'Payment in kind' is replacing the pound; Peck, link and pond gain popularity as
alternative currencies

BYLINE: WILL BENNETT

SECTION: HOME NEWS PAGE; Page 6

LENGTH: 591 words


A NEW range of currencies has developed rapidly in Britain over the past year.
With idiosyncratic names such as the peck, the link and the pond they are now
used regularly by thousands of people.

International currency dealers will never have heard of them, but they provide
an alternative to the cash economy, help the poor and the unemployed, encourage
the use of skills and try to rekindle a sense of community.

Almost 200 Local Exchange Trading System (Lets) schemes have been set up, more
than three- quarters of them in the past year. Some have only a dozen members
while the largest, in Manchester, has 300.

Anyone who joins a scheme offers skills or services, such as plumbing, gardening
or the use of a photocopier, to other members. A price is agreed in whatever
notional currency has been adopted, but no money changes hands.

The system is more ambitious than straight barter. The provider receives a
credit on his or her account kept by a local organiser and a debit is marked up
against the user. The person in credit can then set this against other services.

In Southwark, south London, a scheme set up in August adopted the ''peck'' as
its currency because the area includes Peckham. Skills on offer include
carpentry, sewing, piano lessons, and translation.

Donnachadh McCarthy, the organiser, is offering counselling, holistic massage,
cleaning and typing. He is having his Christmas pudding made by another member
of the scheme rather than buying it from a supermarket.

He said: ''It is a system to recreate a community economy which we were losing
because of multinational companies and big supermarkets. Money which comes into
Southwark is used once and then leaves via the banks which use it to finance
projects elsewhere.''

Southwark is an inner-city area where poverty is rife and unemployment high, and
the aim is for people out of work to use their skills and those short of money
to pay for services by exchange.

In west Wiltshire, where the currency is the ''link'', 200 people have joined
the scheme since it was set up three years ago. The services on offer reflect
the rural character of the area and include transport, tree surgery and
gardening.

Daniel Johnson, a painter and decorator and freelance writer, is the scheme's
''bank manager'', recording debits and credits. Like many members he uses his
skills to earn both conventional money and links so that he has purchasing power
and access to services.

In Barnes, a middle-class area of south-west London, a scheme is being set up by
Perry Walker, who works for the New Economics Foundation which promotes green
economics. About 25 people have shown an interest but their motives tend to be
different from those in Southwark.

''In areas of high unemployment schemes are a way of using and developing skills
and feeling that these skills are valued, but in Barnes the attraction is more
the sense of community that it creates between people,'' he said.

The currency in Barnes is to be the ''pond'', after the pond on the common,
which has inevitably produced jokes about what ''the pond in your pocket'' will
be worth. The answer, as in most Lets schemes, is around a conventional pound.

Meanwhile, the Inland Revenue is keeping a wary eye on Lets. If done on a small
scale, such deals are classified as ''social favours'' and are not taxable, but
if they become regular they must be declared. It is unlikely that tax officials
will accept having the wiring fixed in their offices in lieu of payment.


LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1993 Independent Print Ltd


                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 29, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: Snoqualmie Washington Man Indicted in Extensive Benefits Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 417  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

A federal grand jury has indicted a former federal employee for multiple counts
of wire fraud and mail fraud, and making false statements in connection with an
extensive scheme to fraudulently obtain federal and state benefits, announced
Acting United States Attorney Annette L. Hayes. DARRYL LEE WRIGHT, 46, of
Snoqualmie, Washington, will appear today in U.S. District Court in Tacoma at
2:30 p.m. His sister KAREN M. BEVENS, 43, of Duvall, Washington, who is charged
in one of the counts, will appear for arraignment next week. The indictment was
returned following an investigation that revealed that WRIGHT was making false
and conflicting claims to various agencies in an effort to fraudulently obtain
benefits. The charged criminal conduct allegedly occurred from 2005 to the
present, during which WRIGHT is alleged to have fraudulently received more than
$250,000 in benefits.

According to the indictment, WRIGHT made a variety of false claims in his scheme
to defraud the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Social Security
Administration, and the Washington State Department of Employment Security.
False statements also were made to the Department of Commerce, the Office of
Personnel Management, the Washington State Department of Social and Health
Services and the U.S. Army.

The nine count indictment charges schemes to commit both wire fraud and mail
fraud, making false statements to the Army, and making a false statement to the
U.S. Department of Commerce.

The charges contained in the indictment are only allegations. A person is
presumed innocent unless and until he or she is proven guilty beyond a
reasonable doubt in a court of law.

The case was investigated by multiple agencies led by the Social Security Office
of Inspector General (SSA-OIG). The Office of Inspector General of these
agencies were involved in the investigation: Veterans Affairs (VA-OIG),
Department of Commerce (DOC-OIG), Office of Personnel Management (OPM-OIG), and
General Services Administration (GSA-OIG). Also contributing to the
investigation is the FBI, U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Division, the
Washington National Guard, the Washington Employment Security Department and the
Washington State Department of Social and Health Services.

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney David Reese
Jennings.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 29, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Romanian Citizens Involved in Internet Phishing Scheme Sentenced

LENGTH: 721  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Deirdre M. Daly, United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut, today
announced that two more Romanian citizens have been sentenced for their
participation in an extensive Internet "phishing" scheme. On May 27, Ciprian
Dumitru Tudor, 33, was sentenced by Chief U.S. District Judge Janet C. Hall in
New Haven to 14 months of imprisonment. On May 23, Bogdan-Mircea Stoica, 34, was
sentenced by Judge Hall to approximately 27 months of imprisonment, time already
served.

Tudor and Stoica were extradited from Romania following the ratification in 2010
of an amended treaty on mutual legal assistance between Romania and the United
States. Tudor was arrested by Romanian authorities in November 2013, and he was
extradited to the U.S. that same month. He previously had served a sentence of
imprisonment in Romania for related crimes. Stoica was arrested by Romanian
authorities in February 2012 and was extradited to the U.S. in April 2012.

A phishing scheme uses the Internet to target large numbers of unwary
individuals, using fraud and deceit to obtain private personal and financial
information such as names, addresses, bank account numbers, credit card numbers,
and Social Security numbers. Phishing schemes often work by sending out large
numbers of counterfeit e-mail messages that are made to appear as if they
originated from legitimate banks, financial institutions, or other companies.
The fraudulent e-mail messages ask individuals to click on a hyperlink contained
in the e-mail message, which would take the individual to a counterfeit site on
the Internet that purports to be the Internet site of the particular bank,
financial institution, or company. At the counterfeit Internet site, the
individual is then asked to enter information such as the individual's name,
address, and credit or debit card numbers.

According to court documents and statements made in court, in June 2005, a
resident of Madison, Connecticut contacted the FBI in New Haven about a
suspicious e-mail that she had received that purported to be from
Connecticut-based People's Bank. The e-mail stated that the recipient's online
banking access profile had been locked and instructed the recipient to click on
a link to a web page where the recipient could enter information to "unlock" his
or her profile. The web page appeared to originate from People's Bank but, as
the investigation revealed, was actually hosted on a compromised computer in
Minnesota. Any personal identifying and financial information provided by the
individual would be sent by e-mail to individuals in Romania or to a "collector"
account, which was an e-mail account used to receive and collect the information
obtained through phishing.

Tudor, Stoica, and others were part of a loose-knit conspiracy of individuals
from Craiova, Romania, and neighboring areas that shared files, tools, and
stolen information obtained through phishing. The co-conspirators used and
shared a number of collector accounts, which contained thousands of e-mail
messages that contained credit or debit card numbers, expiration dates, CVV
codes, PINs, and other personal identification information such as names,
addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, and Social Security numbers. The
co-conspirators then used the personal and financial information to access bank
accounts and lines of credit and to withdraw funds without authorization, often
from ATMs in Romania.

In addition to People's Bank, financial institutions and companies targeted by
the defendants included Citibank, Capital One, Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase &
Co., Comerica Bank, Regions Bank, LaSalle Bank, U.S. Bank, Wells Fargo & Co.,
eBay, and PayPal.

This investigation, which resulted in criminal charges against 19 Romanian
citizens, has been conducted by the Federal Bureau of Investigation in New
Haven, Connecticut.

U.S. Attorney Daly acknowledged the critical assistance provided by the U.S.
Department of Justice Office of International Affairs, the FBI Legal Attaché in
Bucharest, Interpol, the Romanian National Police, and the United States
Marshals Service.

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Edward Chang and Sarala
Nagala.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              May 9, 2006 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

MORTGAGE FRAUD IS 'CANCER' PLAGUING THE ATLANTA AREA

BYLINE: By Joe Johnson Morris News Service

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 550 words


ATLANTA - Ann Fulmer was suspicious about houses in her Stone Mountain
neighborhood that sold for extraordinary prices only to fall badly into
disrepair, especially in the late 1990s before the Atlanta metro area real
estate boom.

So, the stay-at-home mother and lawyer began checking DeKalb County real estate
record.

She found that homes were being bought and sold by the same people, sometimes
doubling in price, and in the process uncovered a mortgage fraud scheme that
authorities shut down and put the ringleaders in jail.

Emboldened by her success, Ms. Fulmer in 2002 co-founded Georgia Real Estate
Fraud Prevention and Awareness Coalition, a collection of real estate and
lending professionals, state regulators, and law enforcement from local, state
and federal agencies.

The group was formed to fight what Ms. Fulmer calls a "cancer" that was plaguing
the Atlanta area, known as the nation's mortgage fraud capital.

An investigation of an Athens-Clarke subdivision that's the epicenter of what
might be one of the state's largest-ever mortgage schemes shows no community is
immune from the spreading plague of fraud, investigators and real estate experts
said.

It's a fast-growing form of white-collar crime that the FBI said cost the
country $1 billion last year, up from $46 million a decade ago.

Telltale signs of mortgage fraud, such as Ms. Fulmer found in her neighborhood,
include houses being bought and quickly resold at inflated prices, only to be
abandoned to deteriorate and bring down adjoining property values.

"One thing that makes Georgia vulnerable is you have a lot of immigration here
from around the country, of people from high-cost areas like Boston,
(Washington) D.C., and Los Angeles, and they don't know the property values so
they rely on the integrity of professionals to guide them," Ms. Fulmer said.

The most common form of mortgage fraud is called "flipping," when unscrupulous
investors buy houses in disrepair, fraudulently inflate their appraisals and
sell them at high profits.

The schemes are easier to hide in high-density areas such as Atlanta, Ms. Fulmer
said, because appraisers need to get comparable values within a mile of a house
being sold.

What sets apart the alleged scheme in Athens - which centers around Milford
Hills subdivision off Barnett Shoals Road - is that it involves new
construction, said Andrew Carswell, an assistant professor of Housing and
Consumer Economics at the University of Georgia.

For the scheme to work, it requires industry professionals, including brokers,
appraisers and attorneys, to be in on the fraud, he said.

"That's the other thing that makes it one of the more unique cases of fraud is
because there are so many parties involved," Mr. Carswell said.

An Athens-Clarke County Magistrate Court arrest warrant names 23 co-conspirators
in the alleged Milford Hills scheme, with other "known and unknown" players.

Nine arrests under the state's Racketeer Influenced and Cor-rupt Organizations
Act have been made in recent weeks.

Of the 124 houses in Milford Hills, approximately 100 were involved the alleged
fraud, investigators said.

Residents said at least 30 homes have been foreclosed since the subdivision's
first phase was completed in 2003.

Georgia's governor signed the nation's first Residential Mortgage Fraud Act in
May 2005.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Goole Courier

                           December 20, 2012 Thursday

Improving literacy for Snaith children

LENGTH: 195  words


TURNING children into bookworms and improving literacy is the aim of a new
scheme launched by Andrew Percy MP.

The member for Goole and Brigg said he was delighted that the first month's
books from the Goole and Snaith Imagination Library had started to arrive. The
scheme, was originally started by Dolly Parton (pictured) in her home county of
East Tennessee, USA. Children under the age of five receive an age appropriate
book each month, continuing until their fifth birthday.

The MP has raised money to fund the scheme and has received support in
identifying children for the scheme from the East Riding of Yorkshire Council
and the Children Centres. If residents would like to find out how their own
child can benefit from this scheme, they can contact Andrew on 01405 767969.

He said: "It is great to see this scheme actually in action now, with parents
popping in to the office to say that their children have received their books
and are delighted to be reading them together. The aim of the scheme is to
improve literacy and to get parents reading with their children, meaning that
when they get to school our children will already have good basic literacy
skills."

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NGOC


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                                 July 14, 1999

Funds for scheme to cut drug crime

BYLINE: By Phil Stubbs

SECTION: Crime: DRUGS/SOLVENT ABUSE, Pg.09

LENGTH: 362 words


A SCHEME piloted in Derby to prevent first-time drug offenders from re
-offending is set to receive GBP 20m backing from the Government nationwide.

Derbyshire police developed a scheme with local health authorities where arrest
referral workers are employed to offer treatment or counselling to first -time
offenders instead of a caution.

The arrest referral scheme began in 1995 as a national pilot scheme headed by
Derby's Full Street police station, as well as police stations in Manchester and
the south east.

Home Secretary Jack Straw was today to announce the provision of GBP 20m for the
scheme across England and Wales.

The scheme will soon be running at a total of four custodial suites across
Derbyshire at a cost of around GBP 120,000 per year.

Derbyshire Chief Constable John Newing said: "I welcome the money but I am
waiting to see how it will be administered.

"I am concerned that, if this is money for new schemes alone, then people who
have taken it up already will effectively be penalised.

"If the drug arrest referral schemes are important, I have no objection if the
Government says that the cost has to fall upon the police service. But then,
there should be new money to pay for it."

Mr Straw said: "Impressive schemes in Derby, London and Greater Manchester have
shown that arrest referral schemes based in local police stations can get drug
offenders into treatment, preventing very significant amounts of crime.

"The GBP 20m I am pledging today will assist the police service to meet the
Government's target of doubling the number of schemes this year and providing
coverage for all custody suites by 2002."

The scheme in Derbyshire will be jointly funded by Derbyshire police and either
Northern or Southern Derbyshire Health Authorities until April, 2000. But, after
that, the police will take on the full burden of funding the scheme unless part
of the GBP 20m pot is used for that purpose.

Mick Barker, chairman of Derbyshire Police Federation, said: "This is
exceedingly welcome news. If the Government were expecting the police service to
fund it out of their existing budget, something was going to have to give."

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 1999 Derby Evening Telegraph


                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          December 12, 2012 Wednesday

Air India promo fares on international routes

BYLINE: Manju V

SECTION: INDIA BUSINESS

LENGTH: 223 words


MUMBAI: Air India has launched a special all-inclusive promotional return fares
on its international destinations aimed at passengers.

"The scheme is valid for out-bound travel with immediate effect to the far east
and near east. On sectors to the US, UK, Europe and UAE the validity of travel
will be from January 21 to March 31 and for travel to the far east and
south-east Asia, the scheme is valid from December 10 to 31 March," said an Air
India official adding that the sale is open for seven days, from December 10
onwards.

The return fares, inclusive of all taxes, under this scheme range from Rs 15,999
for UAE, to over Rs 50,000 for the US, said a release issued by the airline. For
travel originating from Delhi the fares to these destinations are higher by Rs
2,000. The fares have been launched for travel on more than 15 city pairs
worldwide, the airline said.

So for instance, the return airfare under this scheme to destinations in the US
like New York, Newark and Chicago is about Rs 52,000, that to London is about Rs
41,000 and to Frankfurt and Paris is in around Rs 36,000. "The offer ensures
that passengers, who book early to avail the offer, will get an unbeatable value
for money. In the long run, the scheme will boost air travel during
traditionally lean periods," the airline added.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Lancashire

                                 April 18, 2005

Second chance for job boost plan

SECTION: News

LENGTH: 317 words


UP to 1 000 new office jobs could be created alongside the M65 if a development
firm persuades planners to back his plans.

It is the second time Edgworth-based Charles Topham Ltd has applied to Blackburn
with Darwen Council for permission to redevelop the former Lower Darwen Paper
Mill Greenbank Terrace.

The company had a previous scheme for the Lower Darwen site turned down in 2002
as it combined both business and residential elements.

At the time staff from Charles Topham claimed it needed the residential side of
the scheme to fund the work to make the new site suitable for business
developments.

Now the company has returned with a business-only proposal which they estimate
will attract 1 000 new jobs to the borough.

They plan to build 12 office blocks and a spokesman for HOW planning consultants
Manchester which advised the firm on their scheme said: "We estimate that the 10
700 sq metre of floor space that this will provide will create around 1 000
jobs.

"For the area this will ensure the continuation of a steady supply of quality
employment opportunities."

The size of the scheme spanning 3.5hectares means it will have to go before the
council's planning and highways committee rather than being approved by
officers.

The committee made the decision to knock back the scheme in 2002 as it did not
want houses on the site.

A spokesman for Charles Topham said the new scheme would create a suitable use
for a site that currently "poses health and safety risks" for nearby residents.

The company's managing director Richard Topham also clashed with the council
after it demanded the firm spend money on public art as a proposed condition on
any approval.

The Lower Darwen Paper Mill was first built in the 1890s and steadily expanded
until the 1980s. It closed in 1993 and was subsequently demolished leaving the
site redundant.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2005 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            February 6, 2017 Monday

Nadel's victims lose court decision

BYLINE: JOHN HIELSCHER

SECTION: D; FL News; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 533 words


THE MONEY MINDERS

Just days after getting more of their money back, investors in the
Sarasota-based Arthur Nadel Ponzi scheme lost a key court decision.

An appellate court has upheld a 2015 court ruling that Wells Fargo Bank was not
at fault for failing to recognize Nadel's years-long scam.

Court-appointed receiver Burton Wiand had sued the giant bank, claiming it was
negligent in not uncovering and revealing the Ponzi scheme. Nadel had set up
numerous accounts at the bank to siphon money from investors before the scam
unraveled in 2009.

But last week, the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta declined to
revive the lawsuit.

The three-judge panel did not explain its decision.

Wiand had hoped to recover millions of dollars from Wells Fargo for the
investors, who lost $168 million in the scam. Last year, U.S. District Judge
James D. Whittemore in Tampa ruled for Wells Fargo.

"The receiver has no evidence that the bank had actual knowledge of Nadel's
scheme," the judge wrote in his order. "The record is clear that the bank was
unaware of the Ponzi scheme until it became public."

Nadel did business with Wachovia, a bank Wells Fargo acquired in 2008.

As reported last week, the Nadel receivership recently mailed checks totaling $2
million to about 480 investors and other claimants who were burned in the
hedge-fund scam.

That brought the investors' total recovery to just over 48 percent of what they
lost in the scheme that was run out of a Main Street investment firm called
Scoop Management.

Wiand has been receiver for the victims since the scheme imploded eight years
ago,

Harbor buying into Tampa Bay

Harbor Community Bank, a Fort Pierce bank that expanded into Sarasota and
Manatee counties in 2015, is now moving into the Tampa Bay area.

In the first deal of 2017 for a bank with local ties, Parent HCFB Holding Co.
Inc. will pay $40 million in cash and stock for Jefferson Bank of Florida, a
$296-million-asset lender with five offices in Hillsborough, Pasco and Pinellas
counties.

Harbor paid $33.5 million for the former First America Bank, picking up five
local branches in its first move into this part of the state.

Harbor now has $1.8 billion in assets and more than 40 offices in 16 counties.

Returns for savers still low

Interest rates may be going up for borrowers, but savers still aren't getting
any relief after years of rock-bottom returns.

The average savings account rate paid at U.S. banks actually went down in the
fourth quarter, from 0.231 percent to 0.227 percent, despite the increase in
rates charged on mortgages, credit cards and other types of borrowing, according
to MoneyRates.com.

"The low rate environment was already penalizing savers, but now the penalty is
getting worse because inflation is rising while average savings and money market
rates are not," said Richard Barrington, senior financial analyst at the
personal finance website.

MoneyRates suggests looking at online accounts for higher rates. It said the
average rate on online savings accounts is 0.644 percent. Small banks, those
under $5 billion in deposits, also paid more with an average 0.328 percent.

-Contact John Hielscher at 361-4875, fax to 361-4880 or email
john.hielscher@heraldtribune.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: John Hielscher, 2009

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 24, 2013 Tuesday

Washington: SEC Charges Woman and Stepson for Involvement in ZeekRewards Ponzi
and Pyramid Scheme

LENGTH: 582  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Securities and Exchange Commission, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced charges against a woman
and her stepson for their involvement in a North Carolina-based Ponzi and
pyramid scheme that the agency shut down last year.

The SEC alleges that Dawn Wright-Olivares and Daniel Olivares, who each now live
in Arkansas, provided operational support, marketing, and computer expertise to
sustain ZeekRewards.com, which offered and sold securities in the form of
"premium subscriptions" and "VIP bids" for penny auctions. While the website
conveyed the impression that the significant payouts to investors meant the
company was extremely profitable, the payouts actually bore no relation to the
company's net profits. Approximately 98 percent of total revenues for
ZeekRewards - and correspondingly the share of purported net profits paid to
investors - were comprised of funds received from new investors rather than
legitimate retail sales.

Wright-Olivares and Olivares have agreed to settle the SEC's charges. In a
parallel action, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Western District of North
Carolina today announced criminal charges against the pair.

"Wright-Olivares was a marketing and operational mastermind behind the scheme
and Olivares was the chief architect of the computer databases they used," said
Stephen Cohen, an associate director in the SEC's Division of Enforcement.
"After they learned ZeekRewards was under investigation by law enforcement, they
accepted substantial sums of money from the scheme while keeping investors in
the dark about its imminent collapse."

Pyramid schemes are a type of investment scam often pitched as a legitimate
business opportunity in the form of multi-level marketing programs. According to
the SEC's complaint filed in federal court in Charlotte, N.C., the ZeekRewards
scheme raised more than $850 million from approximately one million investors
worldwide.

The SEC alleges that Wright-Olivares served as the chief operating officer for
much of the existence of ZeekRewards. She helped develop the program and its key
features, marketed it to investors, and managed some of its operations. She also
helped design and implement features that concealed the fraud. Olivares managed
the electronic operations that tracked all investments and managed payouts to
investors. Together, Wright-Olivares and Olivares helped perpetuate the illusion
of a successful retail business.

The SEC's complaint charges Wright-Olivares with violating the registration and
antifraud provisions of Sections 5 and 17 of the Securities Act, and Section 10
of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5. The complaint charges Olivares with
violating Section 17 of the Securities Act and Section 10 of the Exchange Act
and Rule 10b-5. To settle the SEC's charges, Wright-Olivares agreed to pay at
least $8,184,064.94 and Olivares agreed to pay at least $3,272,934.58 - amounts
that represent the entirety of their ill-gotten gains plus prejudgment interest.
Payments will be made as part of the parallel criminal proceeding in which
additional financial penalties could be imposed in a restitution order.

The SEC's investigation, which is continuing, has been conducted by Brian
Privor, Alfred Tierney, and John Bowers. The SEC appreciates the assistance of
the U.S. Attorney's Office of the Western District of North Carolina and the
U.S. Secret Service.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                     November 22, 2010 Monday 9:33 PM  EST

RURAL DEVELOPMENT AND PANCHAYATI RAJ MINISTER JOSHI DIVULGES DETAILS OF REVISED
GUIDELINES OF RURAL BUSINESS HUB SCHEME

LENGTH: 363  words


NEW DELHI, Nov. 22 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

Union Minister for Rural Development and Panchayati Raj Dr.C.P.Joshi today
informed the Lok Sabha that a per the Revised Guidelines of Rural Business Hub
Scheme issued on 13.08.2009, the aim of the scheme is to promote at least one
RBH in each Block (Intermediate Panchayat) in the Country. Presently, the scheme
aims to develop RBH as a pilot project in the selected Districts of the Country
- 250 Districts included under BRGF programme and all the District in eight
North Eastern States. For the implementation / proposal of the project it is the
Block Panchayat, and not the Village Panchayat, which is to be taken as a unit.

RBH is a demand driven scheme and there is no allocation of fund State wise. A
statement indicating the total releases made for the projects in different
States during the last 3 Years is at Annexure.

In reply to a written question the Minister said the Government revised the RBH
Scheme in August, 2009, and the maximum financial assistance that can be granted
under the Scheme has been increased from Rs.10.00 lakh to Rs.25.00 lakh per
proposal.

According to information available, furnishings have been exported to USA and
New Zealand by M/s. Alacrity Exports, Jaipur. Carpets were exported to USA and
Greece by M/s. Jaipur Rugs Foundation, Jaipur.

Tribal areas falling under BRGF districts and North East Region are covered
under the RBH Scheme. However, in order to further promote the scheme of RBH,
this Ministry has identified and conveyed the details of additional 17
activities / projects which can be undertaken under RBH and some of these, as
detailed below, aim at promoting the scheme in Tribal Areas: -

(i) Processing of forest / horticultural project like pickles, rosting, switner
from Mahua, herbal medicines etc.

(ii) Virgin wool processing, sheep rearing etc.

(iii) Traditional food products (like palm jagary) handlooms, handicrafts) etc.

Click here to see details:
http://pib.nic.in/archieve/others/2010/nov/d2010112203.pdf. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             August 24, 2012 Friday
                              Correction Appended

ANOTHER CHARGED IN FLIPPING

BYLINE: MICHAEL BRAGA

SECTION: D; ARCHIVES; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 958 words

DATELINE: SARASOTA


THE 4TH TO BE INDICTED: Alleged scheme involved nine condominiums

SARASOTA

J. Patrick Brester, an agent who once worked for the prominent Band family's
real estate firm, has been indicted in connection with a 2007 flipping fraud
scheme.

The scheme, which involved the purchase and immediate resale of condominiums in
the Vintage Grand complex of Palmer Ranch, already has led to indictments
against Matthew Landsman, the nephew of Sarasota attorney and real estate
investor David Band; Sarasota real estate agent Joshua Unger; and Michael
Chadwick, a former retail leasing executive.

Federal prosecutors say the four men conspired to buy nine Vintage Grand condos
in February 2007 for $1.9 million and resell them to Chadwick on the same day
for $2.2 million. Chadwick then lied on loan applications to get $2.2 million in
mortgages from Fifth Third Bank and SunTrust Bank.

Landsman and Chadwick already have pleaded guilty to their roles in the scheme
and have been sentenced to prison. Unger pleaded guilty in May and will be
sentenced in October.

The scheme is another example of the illegal flipping that distorted real estate
values during the real estate boom. Flipping led to hundreds of millions of
dollars in losses for banks in Southwest Florida and billions more for lenders
across the state.

Brester's role in the conspiracy was highlighted in the Herald-Tribune's July
2009 flipping fraud series.

Prosecutors charged him Thursday with one count of conspiracy to commit wire
fraud affecting a financial institution and nine counts of wire fraud. If
convicted, he faces a maximum penalty of 30 years in federal prison on each
count and a $1 million fine.

But it is more likely that his sentence will correspond to sentences already
handed down in the case.

Chadwick, who was charged in June 2010, already has served a 12-month sentence,
while Landsman, who was charged in August 2011, is in the midst of two-year
term.

Documents filed by prosecutors and by defense attorneys representing Chadwick
and Landsman allege that Brester played a central role in the conspiracy.

Court records show he was the middleman, who bought the nine condos at Vintage
Grand and immediately resold them at a higher price to Chadwick.

Brester also helped Chadwick fill out loan applications with bogus income
information. Brester wired $100,000 to Chadwick's account prior to closing to
make it look like Chadwick had that much money stored away.

The fraudulent transactions not only allowed the participants to get more loan
money from Fifth Third and SunTrust banks than they could have otherwise, but it
also entitled them to cash-back incentives from Vintage Grand totaling $324,000.

Brester got the bulk of that money, says Karen Cox, a Tampa criminal defense
attorney who represented Landsman at his sentencing.

"After the closings on the units by Mr. Chadwick were completed, Mr. Landsman
paid The Middleman $230,000 of the $324,000 received at closing," Cox wrote.
That left "$94,000 for Mr. Landsman and Mr. Chadwick.

Brester, 40, worked for the Band family's real estate firm in 2008 and received
at least seven real estate-related loans from the Bands to buy and fix-up homes
out of foreclosure in 2009-'10.

Contacted by the Herald-Tribune last year, Band said that as soon as he learned
about Brester's involvement in the Vintage Grand flipping case, he severed ties
with him.

During the real estate boom, Brester also participated in a half-dozen separate
flipping deals with his sister and with other associates. In each case, Brester
bought properties and quickly sold them to associates who ultimately defaulted
on loans totaling more than $4 million.

He has not been charged with any crimes in connection with those deals.

The case against Joshua Unger

Like Brester, Unger also was active on Sarasota's flipping scene during the boom
and its immediate aftermath.

In 2006, he helped a group of California real estate investors with a strange
set of deals at the River Club neighborhood near Lakewood Ranch.

His clients, Shane and Shawn Unruh, wanted to buy three houses for $95,000 to
$150,000 more than the sellers were asking, on the condition that the Unruhs
would get that money back at closing. The Unruhs managed to close one of the
deals, but the others fell apart after lenders declined to provide financing.

In early 2008, Unger bought a block of 22 condo units for $6.16 million from
Sarasota real estate investor Marvin Kaplan, who had just paid $5.44 million for
the dwellings. Kaplan gave Unger a $6.16 million loan, and Unger defaulted a few
months later.

In June 2009, the Sarasota Police Department arrested Unger on charges of
scheming to defraud a fellow charity event volunteer by running up $12,000 in
charges on her credit card.

The police report says that the unnamed victim was a volunteer for a Halloween
fundraiser organized by Unger. She was in charge of collecting donations and
Unger told her he needed a credit card with at least $4,000 available, the
report said.

"He told her that the card would only be used to ensure that the folks from
lighting and stage crew would show up and do the event," said the report filed
by Det. Jack Carter. "He told her that no charges would be put on the card."

Court documents show that Unger represented Brester as a real estate agent in
the purchase and rapid sale of the Vintage Grand condos.

On May 29, he pleaded guilty to one count of conspiring to commit wire fraud,
which carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison and $250,000 in fines.

Unger agreed with Brester prior to the sales that all nine condos could be
immediately flipped to Chadwick at an inflated price, the indictment states.

"Unger and others shared in the $112,485 in real estate commissions resulting in
Unger's participation."

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 24, 2012 Friday



CORRECTION: The following clarification was published on 9/28/12: An Aug. 23
story reported on the indictment of and guilty plea by Sarasota real estate
agent Joshua Unger. A 2007 real estate transaction between Unger and Kaplan was
not part of the indictment.

GRAPHIC: If convicted, J. Patrick Brester could face 30 years in federal prison
on each count.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 9, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Tenants' Fortunes Rest With Swindler;
Ex-ANC Official Guilty of Fraud

BYLINE: Debbi Wilgoren, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B01

LENGTH: 858 words


A D.C. entrepreneur who has promised to help hundreds of low-income tenants turn
their apartments into condominiums is being held without bond in the D.C. jail
after he was convicted of cheating investors of nearly $750,000 in an unrelated
real estate scheme.

Robert L. Hall Jr., 33, was found guilty by a jury last week in U.S. District
Court of 10 counts of wire fraud, six counts of mail fraud, securities fraud and
first-degree fraud. Under federal sentencing guidelines, he faces a likely
prison term of 12 to 18 years when he is sentenced June 2.

A charismatic man who was representing the area near Union Station as an
advisory neighborhood commissioner, Hall ran his investment scam from 2001 to
2003, prosecutors said. He gave investment seminars and advertised on the radio,
in newspapers and on the Internet. He told people he would double, even triple,
their money if they invested in a real estate venture called the Trinidad
Project, in the Trinidad area of Northeast Washington.

In fact, there was no such project, prosecutors demonstrated at trial. And while
Hall made payments to some of his initial investors, that money came from
subsequent investors rather than from real estate profits. The payouts were
offered as bait, prosecutors said, so that early investors would spread the word
and recruit others.

Authorities described the scam as a pyramid, or Ponzi, scheme. Such a scheme is
doomed to collapse when it runs out of investors, they said.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Steven J. Durham, the lead prosecutor in the case, said
documents showed that about 160 investors had signed contracts with Hall. Of
those, 71 responded to government inquiries and said they had lost most or all
of their money. They included a soldier now serving in Afghanistan who gave Hall
$30,000 he had been saving as a down payment on a house, a university professor
from Seattle and a retired New York City police officer who turned over $10,000
that was supposed to pay for his daughter's wedding.

Although Hall is not a lawyer, he represented himself during the trial before
Judge Henry H. Kennedy Jr., Durham said.

Hall faces trial in October on charges stemming from another fraud case. He and
two associates were indicted this year on charges that they wrote $90,000 in bad
checks and cashed them before a bank determined they would bounce. All three men
--  one of them is Anthony Rivera, Hall's successor as commissioner for ANC 6C05
--  have pleaded not guilty.

It remains unclear how Hall's conviction in the Ponzi scheme will affect HOPE 7
Inc., the nonprofit affordable housing organization he founded about 2004, when
the District's real estate frenzy was prompting scores of landlords to consider
selling their apartment buildings to the highest bidder.

Under D.C. law, landlords must give tenants a chance to match the price offered
for a building. Hall promised to help tenant groups buy their buildings and
renovate the units into handsome condominiums, with tenants buying in at
below-market rates and empty units being sold for higher prices to generate the
necessary funds.

Hall's first D.C. clients were the tenants at 1020 Monroe St. NW, a shabby
22-unit building in gentrifying Columbia Heights. He promised to bring
top-flight retail to the empty first-floor storefronts and sell the residences
to tenants for as little as $80,000.

About half of the  tenants formed a partnership with Hall; the rest took cash to
move out. The building is under renovation, with the future condo owners
temporarily living elsewhere. Two of the tenants said yesterday that Hall
brought in another business partner before his trial to manage the deal to
completion.

Tenant Hasinatu Camara, a charter school teacher, said she is "very, very wary"
because of Hall's conviction. But she added that Hall so far has fulfilled every
promise he has made to the tenants, including covering their relocation
expenses, "and so I'm optimistic as well."

Elizabeth Figueroa, an attorney who has represented other tenant groups in the
city, said renters with whom Hall was negotiating "may well be left in the
lurch" while he is in prison, especially if they have assigned him their right
to purchase or are relying on him to close a deal before their right to purchase
expires.

Durham, who worked on the case with Securities and Exchange Commission attorney
Jordan A. Thomas, said the government is trying to seize Hall's assets to
compensate investors who lost money but would try to protect the interests of
tenant groups as well.

Hall is listed in city records as also working with three tenant groups in
Southeast Washington: at a 24-unit complex on 15th Place SE; a 28-unit complex
on 12th Street SE; and the 353-unit Washington View apartments, where two tenant
groups have gone to court to determine which should represent the residents.

HOPE 7's Web site quotes Scripture about repairing ruined communities. "We will
build the old waste places and restore the paths to dwell in through our
nonprofit real estate development activities," it states, paraphrasing Isaiah.
"And we will raise up the foundations of many generations."

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             October 6 1985, Sunday

Spectrum: Manhattan upon Thames

BYLINE: DEYAN SUDJIC

SECTION: Issue 8409.

LENGTH: 820 words


A PLAN to build a massive Manhattan-style development on a 70-acre site in
London's East End is now before the London Docklands Developmen Corporation. The
scheme includes 10m sq ft of office space and three 850ft sky-scrapers each half
as high again as the NatWest Tower. They would become the three tallest
buildings in Europe.

If it goes ahead, it will be the largest single property development ever
attempted in Britain. It would add nearly 20% to the existing office space in
the City nearby, room for another 45,000 workers - some 36,000 of whom, it is
claimed, would be in new jobs. Taken with other projects either under
consideration or under way in the area - such as the dockland airstrip and the
new light railway system - it would help to tilt London's centre of gravity
eastward.


The development corporation is the planning authority for the area, and owns
much of the land that would be needed. It has until the end of the month to
consider the proposal, which has been put forward by a flamboyant New York
developer, G Ware Travelstead. He is backed by a consortium of American banks
who would themselves take space there.

The corporation's chief executive, Reg Ward, has backed the scheme to the hilt.
He has already called a halt to a number of more modest developments being
prepared for the same site, Canary Wharf on the Isle of Dogs, causing much anger
among their backers.

'Since we were set up by the government three years ago, we've been trying to
create a platform from which London Dockland can become a natural extension of
the City, and its property market,' says Ward. 'This remarkable scheme will do
just that. The timing is right. There is a window of opportunity for the City to
extend and enhance its world role.'

There is some scepticism among property experts over the viability of such a
massive scheme. However, Ware Travelstead is confident that the scheme will go
ahead, provided he gets assurances about new road and rail links to connect
Canary Wharf with central London two miles away.

'We have identified a demand from people already in the City for between 6m and
7m sq ft of office space. If it became available, it would all be taken up
immediately. That's how desperate the situation has become there,' he says. He
claims to have firm bids for 3m sq ft within the complex already.

Two firms of architects are designing the development, which would stretch right
across the neck of the Isle of Dogs. The larger firm is the Chicago-based
Skidmore Ownings and Merrill, who built the world's tallest skyscraper there,
the Sears Roebuck Tower.

Skidmores have worked with I M Pei on this scheme. Pei is a Chinese-American
architect best known for his extension to the Washington National Gallery, and
is currently behind a controversial plan to build a pyramid in the courtyard of
the Louvre in Paris.

'We didn't want this to end up as a suburban office park,' says Travelstead. The
high-rise towers are there both to lend a strong identity, and to achieve the
occupier-density that he believes is essential to its financial success -
without using up all the open ground space.

'We wanted to create a character and a density that would make this scheme feel
like a natural extension of the City. And we didn't want the first people coming
out here to feel like they were pioneers. We looked at British architecture, and
tried to identify what was unique about it. What we came up with basically was
open space within a hard-edged context,' Travelstead explains.

Shorn of the jargon, what he means is the London square: a green space
surrounded by densely-packed uniform terraces. Thus, the Canary Wharf scheme is
planned around four large open spaces, built over four levels of underground
servicing. Car-parking, goods deliveries and the other utilitarian functions
will be banished there.

At the site's west end will be West Ferry Circus, as big as Trafalgar Square,
forming a symbolic entrance to Dockland. In the centre, on top of one of the
docklands railway stations that are the key to the scheme's viability, will be a
glass and steel pavilion. The size of Paddington station, and similar to Covent
Garden in its mix of shops and restaurants, it should provide a focus.

Unlike any other London square, however, Travelstead's would have those three
giant towers looming over them. Each tower would contain about 60 floors and 1m
sq ft of space, on a par with the NatWest Tower. But these would have the 25ft
ceiling height now needed by City dealing rooms wired up with computers and data
links. It is this extra headroom that pushes up the towers' overall height so
dramatically.

The London Docklands Development Corporation intends to make its decision on the
project by October 17. If it comes out in support, Travelstead will have a
chance to put his money - up to pounds 1.5 billion - where his mouth is.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1985 Times Newspapers Limited


                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

TWO CONNECTICUT MEN PLEAD GUILTY TO DEFRAUDING EMPLOYERS

LENGTH: 447  words

DATELINE: Hartford


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Connecticut has issued the
following press release:

Deirdre M. Daly, United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut, today
announced that JASON TORRANCE, 43, of East Haddam, and ADAM MEYERS, 43, of
Southbury, pleaded guilty on February 23 in Bridgeport federal court to engaging
in a fraud scheme against their respective employers.

According to court documents and statements made in court, between approximately
March 2008 and August 2012, TORRANCE and MEYERS devised a scheme to defraud
their employers by arranging for payment on goods that never shipped and instead
diverting those payments to themselves.  TORRANCE worked out of the New Haven
branch of a New Jersey-based electrical and industrial supply company
("Distributor-1"), and MEYERS was a project manager for a New Britain-based
electrical subcontractor ("Contractor") that frequently purchased supplies from
Distributor-1.  A co-conspirator ("CC-2") operated a smaller distributor
("Distributor-2") based in Cheshire.

As part of the scheme, MEYERS identified to TORRANCE projects on which he
believed the profit margin for Contractor would permit them to divert excess
profits to themselves without Contractor becoming aware.  MEYERS would submit a
purchase order for materials to TORRANCE.  TORRANCE then submitted a purchase
order to CC-2 for the goods listed on the purchase order sent by MEYERS.  CC-2
then submitted an invoice to Distributor-1 for the materials listed on the
purchase order, and Distributor-1 paid the invoice by mailing a check to
Distributor-2.  Distributor-1 then invoiced Contractor for the goods that were
on the purchase order and Contractor issued a check to Distributor-1.  CC-2 then
hand-delivered a business check to TORRANCE for approximately 90 percent of the
money that had been paid by Distributor-1 to Distributor-2, and CC-2 retained
the remaining 10 percent as his share of the proceeds from the scheme.  TORRANCE
then paid out a portion of the proceeds of the scheme to MEYERS.

At no time did any product on the purchase orders actually ship to the customer.

The victim companies lost more than $600,000 as a result of this scheme.

TORRANCE and MEYERS each pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit
mail fraud, which carries a maximum term of imprisonment of 20 years.  They are
scheduled to be sentenced by U.S. District Judge Stefan R. Underhill on May 18,
2015.

This matter is being investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney David E. Novick.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 12, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Florida Woman Sentenced to 27 Months in Prison for Role in Real
Estate Investment Scheme

LENGTH: 516  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Deirdre M. Daly, United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut,
announced that Loretta Seneca, 51, of Boynton Beach, Florida, was sentenced
today by U.S. District Judge Robert N. Chatigny in Hartford to 27 months of
imprisonment, followed by three years of supervised release, for her role in a
real estate investment scheme. Seneca was also ordered to serve the first six
months of supervised release in home confinement and to perform 120 hours of
community service.

According to court documents and statements made in court, between approximately
November 2006 and December 2007, Robert Rivernider, Robert Ponte, and Seneca
engaged in a real estate investment conspiracy that defrauded both lenders and
individuals they recruited. Rivernider is Seneca's brother. As part of the
scheme, Rivernider, Ponte, and others recruited victim borrowers to take out
financing to purchase various investment properties, primarily in Tennessee and
Florida, with financing from victim lenders. Rivernider and Ponte typically
represented to borrowers that these properties would be passive investments and
that Rivernider and Ponte would be responsible for the details of the purchase,
rental, maintenance, and payment of the mortgages on the properties. The
co-conspirators made false representations to the victim borrowers that
Rivernider and Ponte would arrange for the purchase of the properties by the
borrowers at markedly discounted values. In fact, Rivernider and Pont
Rivernider, Ponte, Seneca, and others victimized lenders by making multiple
false representations in loan applications and other documents provided to the
victim lenders. Seneca, a trained mortgage broker, was actively involved in the
real estate transactions, including organizing and gathering many of the
materials needed by the victim lenders, gathering certain information from the
victim borrowers, providing certain comparables based on properties brokered by
Rivernider to be used for purportedly independent appraisals, and a range of
other background tasks necessary for the lenders to make the loans.

This scheme involved at least 100 properties, and the victim lending
institutions suffered more than $21 million in losses.

On February 25, 2013, Seneca pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and one
count of wire fraud.

Rivernider and Ponte pleaded guilty to multiple charges stemming from both this
scheme and a separate scheme that defrauded investors out of approximately $2.2
million. They are currently serving prison terms of 144 months and 90 months,
respectively.

Judge Chatigny ordered Seneca to pay restitution in the amount of $5 million,
and the government is seeking an order of full restitution against Rivernider
and Ponte.

This matter was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation. The case is being prosecuted by
Assistant U.S. Attorneys John H. Durham and Christopher W. Schmeisser.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Michigan Man Charged With Wire Fraud Conspiracy For Operating $6.8 Million
Internet Ponzi Scheme

LENGTH: 720 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Western District of North Carolina has
issued the following news release:




 CHARLOTTE, N.C. - A criminal indictment was unsealed today in federal court
charging Troy Barnes, 53, of Riverview, Michigan, with wire fraud conspiracy and
wire fraud,  for operating a $6.8 million Internet Ponzi scheme that defrauded
more than 10,000 investor victims worldwide, announced Jill Westmoreland Rose,
U.S. Attorney for the Western District of North Carolina.  Barnes' conspirator,
Kristine Louise Johnson, of Aurora, Colorado, pleaded guilty in June 2015 to
wire fraud conspiracy for her role in the scheme.


 Matthew Quinn, Assistant Special Agent in Charge of the United States Secret
Service, Charlotte Field Division joins U.S. Attorney Rose in making today's
announcement.
 According to filed court documents, Barnes was the owner of &ldquo;Work with
Troy Barnes, Inc.&rdquo; (WWTB), which did business over the Internet under the
name of &ldquo;The Active Community&rdquo; (TAC).  Barnes was the President and
Marketing Director of WWTB responsible for promoting the online scheme.  Johnson
served as TAC's Chief Financial Officer, and managed TAC's day-to-day
operations, including the company's bank accounts.  Filed court documents
indicate from about April 2014 to February 2015, Barnes induced victims to
invest money in TAC, claiming &ldquo;Achieve is the answer to all of our
prayers&hellip;&rdquo; and falsely promising investors would receive a bogus
700% return on their investment.  Barnes also told his victims they could make
as much money as they wanted claiming the investment was
&ldquo;never-ending,&rdquo; when, in fact, TAC operated solely as a pyramid
scheme and initial investors were paid with later victims' money. Barnes also
falsely touted TAC as a &ldquo;lifetime income plan,&rdquo; with
&ldquo;limitless returns, even though by August 2014, Barnes and Johnson had
discussed TAC's inevitable shortfall and knew that TAC did not have sufficient
funds to cover weekly payouts to investors, much less operating expenses.
 According to court filings, as the scheme grew in size and scope, Barnes and
his conspirators concealed the true nature of the scheme through multiple
misrepresentations.  According to court records, when the conspirators became
concerned that the use of the term &ldquo;investment&rdquo; would draw scrutiny
from regulators, they instructed victim-investors that &ldquo;We ARE NOT an
INVESTMENT program, please don't use that term when you speak or post about our
re-purchase strategy.&rdquo;  Even when TAC was unable to operate because their
payment processor concluded that TAC was indeed operating a Ponzi scheme and
ceased doing business with the company, Barnes and his conspirators lied to
victims, falsely stating that &ldquo;The only reason that [TAC] is not paying
out today is that our processor can't handle the volume of money we are paying
our members.&rdquo;
 According to court records, in order to sustain the scheme, Barnes and his
conspirators encouraged investors to &ldquo;re-purchase&rdquo; positions in the
matrix, thereby reducing the amount of money needed to pay out to early
investors and enabling the fraudsters to prolong the scheme.  As indicated in
court documents, the investment scheme began to crumble when payment processors
stopped processing the Ponzi payments to victim-investors.  By the time the
scheme collapsed in February 2015, the conspirators had defrauded over 10,000
investors in the Charlotte-area and worldwide, and owed victim-investors at
least $51 million in purported investment returns, yet only had available
approximately $2.6 million. According to court records, over the course of the
scheme, Barnes used over $140,000 of the victims' money for his own enrichment.
 Barnes had his initial appearance today and was released on bond.  Johnson's
sentencing hearing has been set for November 19, 2015, before U.S. District
Judge Max O. Cogburn, Jr.
 The case was investigated by the U.S. Secret Service.  In making today's
announcement, U.S. Attorney Rose thanked the Denver Regional Office of the
Securities and Exchange Commission for its assistance with the case.


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            December 2, 1994 Friday
                                  Late Edition

Americans join cartel as money becomes the drug

BYLINE: Phillip McCarthy

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 553 words


New York, Thursday.

They were not exactly the usual suspects as far as defendants go in a laundering
scheme for drug money. There were a pair of Manhattan lawyers, two Brooklyn
rabbis, a Wall Street broker, an honorary consul in Los Angeles, a New York City
police officer and bankers on two continents.

It was a crew seemingly more accustomed to conservative suits and computer
terminals than thick gold chains, ponytails and assault rifles.

But according to police, some 30 apparently upstanding professionals and clerics
were part of an elaborate scheme to help Colombia's notorious Cali drug cartel
clean cocaine money. It was, in essence, a white-collar operation to assist the
purveyors of white powder.

"The only one missing is the candlestick maker," New York City's police chief,
Mr William Bratton, said yesterday announcing the arrest of 23 of the scheme's
members.

The scheme, centred on a law firm and a bank in New York, moved as much as
$US100 million via accounts in Switzerland to the cartel. For a while it solved
one of the great liabilities of an all-cash business like cocaine: how to make
the proceeds look as pure as the driven snow.

The scheme had operated for at least a year and may have continued undetected -
with the participating professionals and clerics recruiting other seemingly
punctilious citizens - if a dispute with Cali over remittances had not drawn the
attention of

authorities.

Most of those arrested were involved in picking up cash from regional overlords
of the Cali's distribution system across America. The suspects' appeal to the
cartel was that to a man and woman they appeared to be the antithesis of drug
dealers.

Often they used the same professional services for their extra jobs that they
used in their regular offices and practices. They would often fax details about
pick-up points and use local messenger services to deliver cash.

"The range of professionals involved in this is depressing and surprising," the
federal prosecutor in the case, Ms Mary Jo White, told yesterday's news
conference.

According to the complaint, the money was mostly accumulated in $1million
consignments by the Manhattan law firm of Harvey Weinig, who specialised in
corporate work. Through an intermediary, Mr Weinig would assign one of his
seemingly law-abiding functionaries to make the pick up.

The money would be taken to a branch of Citibank in New York where it was wired
to accounts in Switzerland.

So why did the scheme's participants, with all their worldly and spiritual
distinction, do it? According to Mr Bratton: "money became the narcotic".

In fact, while the scheme's participants were paid handsome commissions, a
dispute with Cali over skimming soured the arrangement. At one point the workers
withheld $2.5million prompting threats from Cali of the kneecapping and
cement-sandshoe varieties.

"Apparently this did the trick and they pooled some of the money they had stolen
to relieve the threat of physical injury," Ms White said told the news
conference.

Despite their involvement in a trade not known for its gentility or etiquette,
most of the upright professionals involved in the money laundering seemed
peculiarly detached.

The authorities said one of the participants, when confronted with the charges,
responded: "I'm not a drug dealer. All I'm doing is manipulating money."

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cartoon

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1994 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2016 Monday

Participant in Advance Fee Fraud Scheme Sentenced to 5 Years in Federal Prison

LENGTH: 841  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, District of Connecticut has issued the
following news release:



  Deirdre M. Daly, United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut, and
Patricia M. Ferrick, Special Agent in Charge of the New Haven Division of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation, announced that ALEXANDER D. HURT, also known as
"Alex Hurt" and "Alex Dante," 45, of Scottsdale, Ariz., formerly of
Massachusetts, was sentenced today by U.S. District Judge Janet Bond Arterton in
New Haven to 60 months of imprisonment, followed by three years of supervised
release, for his role in an advance fee fraud scheme that victimized more than
40 individuals who lost a total of more than $4.5 million.  HURT also was
ordered to perform 250 hours of community service while on supervised release.





 On December 22, 2014, a grand jury returned an 11-count indictment charging
HURT and David C. Jackson, also known as "C. David Manns," "Charles Jackson" and
"Andrew D. Smithson," with one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and
multiple counts of wire fraud.  The indictment also charged Hurt with one count
of making a false statement to federal law enforcement.  On September 29, 2015,
a jury returned a verdict of guilty on all counts.



 According to the evidence presented during the trial, in approximately
September 2009, Jackson, using the alias "C. David Manns," established Jalin
Realty Capital Advisors, LLC, using a business address in Dayton, Ohio.  In
2011, Jackson changed the name of his business to American Capital Holdings,
LLC, using business addresses in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.  Soon after changing
the business name, Jackson began introducing himself to victim clients as
"Charles Jackson" and then also used the name "Andrew Smithson" to prevent
victims from learning his true identity and the true nature of his background
and his scheme.



 HURT held himself out as Vice President of Brightway Financial Group, LLC, a
company that used a business addresses in Grapevine, Texas.  As established
during the trial, HURT used his background as a pastor with a Brockton,
Massachusetts church to gain the confidence of a number of victims who lost
money in the scheme.  When meeting with victims, HURT represented himself to be
the decision maker with respect to whether or not the individuals would get
loans for their business.  HURT's representations, like the loans themselves
were entirely fraudulent.



 Working together Jackson and others, HURT defrauded individuals, including
Connecticut residents, out of millions of dollars.  In anticipation of receiving
large business loans that HURT represented he could deliver, the victims wired
funds to Jackson, HURT and certain escrow accounts that they had set up.  The
upfront fees were alternately described as "application fees," "collateral fees"
or "commitment fees."  The victims were promised that the fees were totally
refundable, and the victims were told by HURT and others that they would be
provided a refund of the upfront fees if their loan transactions were not
completed.



 In order to convince victim-borrowers that the loans were legitimate and that
Jalin and ACH had successfully secured loans in the past, Jackson provided
victims and potential victims the name and phone number of a co-conspirator and
told them that they could contact her for a reference.  After she was contacted,
the co-conspirator falsely represented to victims and potential victims that she
had, in fact, received funding from Jackson for a construction loan, and that
she had successfully done a project financed with her co-conspirator and Jalin.



 Through this scheme, more than 40 individuals provided Jackson and HURT with
more than $4.5 million in advance fees and funds that were to be held in escrow
for business loans that were never provided.  Some of the individuals received
partial refunds of the advance fees they had provided, but the refunds were made
using fees that had been paid by other victims in a Ponzi-like scheme.



 HURT previously served as Pastor at the Dominion Christian Church in Brockton,
Mass.  As established in court, HURT moved money generated through the scheme
through church accounts and used the proceeds for himself and his family.



 HURT was ordered to pay restitution in the amount of $2,255,000



 On February 8, 2016, Jackson was sentenced to 205 months of imprisonment.



 Jackson was previously convicted in the Western District of Pennsylvania of
federal bank fraud and money laundering offenses in October 2006 and was
sentenced to 41 months in prison, followed by five years of supervised release.
He was released from federal prison in September 2009 and operated this advance
fee fraud scheme while on supervised release.



 This matter was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Ansonia Police Department, and was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys
Anthony E. Kaplan and Michael S. McGarry.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           November 27, 2014 Thursday

Passionate Michael Crabtree downplays Richard Sherman angle, focuses on
ill-fated scheme

BYLINE: Cam Inman

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 294 words


Richard Sherman may have had two interceptions, but neither came while covering
Michael Crabtree, the 49ers wide receiver that Sherman called out after last
seasoncs NFC Championship game in Seattle.Crabtree, after Thursdaycs 19-3 loss
to the Seahawks, downplayed any feud with Sherman and instead made a passionate
plea for the 49ers to improve.cIcm not worried about that dude,c Crabtree said.
cItcs more scheme, itcs not one-on-one (coverage). Itcs scheme. Youcve seen
that.

No one-on-one at all. Just scheme. They did a good job scheming.cSherman lined
up at left cornerback, rarely matched up with Crabtree and ended up intercepting
Colin Kaepernickcs ill-thrown passes intended for Brandon Lloyd and Stevie
Johnson, the veteran wide receivers the 49ers brought in this past offseason to
better challenge Seattlecs vaunted defense.cWecve just got to make plays, man.
No excuses. Just make plays. Thatcs it,c Crabtree said. cWhat, we had three
points? Wecve got to start off early and wecve got to play.cCrabtree injured his
ribs and left knee while making a 5-yard catch on the gamecs second snap. After
being treated on the sideline   a bandage was wrapped around his torso
Crabtree returned and finished with three receptions for a season-low 10 yards.
It was his lowest output since a one-catch, 3-yard showing in the 2011 seasoncs
NFC Championship game loss to the New York Giants.The 49ers ability to bounce
back from that 2011 season finale and reach the past two NFC finals has Crabtree
convinced they can rebound from Thursdaycs loss. cWecve been here,c Crabtree
said. cWecve been the best team the past three years. Wecve lost the Super Bowl,
wecve lost big playoff games. Wecve been here before. Wecve just got to do
better. Thatcs it. Thatcs it, man.c

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 14, 2010 Thursday

Lloyd's free of Stanford case fees

BYLINE: Patsy R. Brumfield, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 397 words


Oct. 14--Fallen financier Allen Stanford's gotten some bad news this week --
among them that he will have to find another way to pay his mounting legal
bills.

Stanford and four others are charged with masterminding a $7.2 billion Ponzi
scheme on certificate of deposit investors with his Stanford International Bank
Ltd. in the Caribbean.

Wednesday, U.S. District Judge Nancy Atlas in Houston, Texas, ruled that
Stanford and the executives can't use $100 million in Lloyd's of London
directors and officers insurance coverage to pay their defense lawyers.

In August, Atlas presided over a four-day hearing with testimony about
allegations of the investment scheme.

Lloyd's sought to convince her that money laundering was part of the scheme and
would release it from its obligations.

In Atlas' ruling, she said Lloyd's proved it was more likely than not that
Stanford "knowingly committed acts of money laundering" of corporate funds that
should have been disclosed to investors and regulators.

But she noted she doesn't contend the evidence supports any criminal conduct
issues.

Stanford and co-defendants -- including Laura Pendergest-Holt, formerly of
Baldwyn -- insist they are innocent of the charges. His trial begins in January,
with the others later.

Stanford also is contesting civil action in Dallas, Texas, by a court-appointed
receiver to liquidate all his personal and corporate assets so that investors
can recoup huge losses when Stanford's financial empire collapsed early in 2009.

Another bit of bad news for Stanford came Wednesday that Stanford's U.S. Virgin
Islands affiliate was barred from a 2007 tax incentive on the construction of a
global management complex there.

Construction was expected to be finished by mid-2009, but tax breaks haven't
been granted because it lacks a government-issued certificate of need.

Contact Patsy R. Brumfield at (662) 678-1596 or patsy.brumfield@djournal.com

To see more of the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.djournal.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Northeast
Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com,
e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United
States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101014-TP-Lloyd-s-free-of-Stanford-case-fees-1014-20101014

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2010 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                            October 17, 2008 Friday
                               FINAL - 5 EDITION

MAN GETS YEAR IN PRISON, FINE FOR FALSE RETURN;
DISGUISED KICKBACKS AS SALARY FOR NO-SHOW JOB;
TAX FRAUD

BYLINE: JOSEPH A. O'BRIEN jobrien@courant.com

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 658 words


A Rhode Island man now knows that kickbacks disguised as salary for a no-show
job are not deductible business expenses in the eyes of the Internal Revenue
Service.

Louis G. Xifaras, 58, of Bristol, R.I., was sentenced Thursday in federal court
in Hartford to a year and a day in prison followed by a year of home confinement
by District Judge Vanessa L. Bryant. Xifaras, who pleaded guilty May 2 to filing
a false income tax return with the IRS, must also pay a $50,000 fine.

Xifaras had underreported his 2002 income, according to the IRS, by $272,882,
the amount his company paid in salary for the no-show worker.

The case against Xifaras was part of a wider investigation into a fraud
committed against Southwestern Bell Communications and the Federal
Communications Commission.

According to acting U.S. Attorney Nora R. Dannehy, Xifaras, who formerly owned
Innovative Network Solutions, had paid the kickbacks to employees of SBC to
secure work as a subcontractor of SBC/Southern New England Telephone, upgrading
computer systems in qualifying Connecticut school districts under the Federal
Communications Commission's E-Rate program.

In Connecticut, the Hartford, New London, New Haven and Bridgeport school
districts received E-Rate funding to upgrade Internet access of school
computers.

According to court records, in 1999 an SBC employee approached Xifaras with a
scheme that would ensure subcontracting work for INS in exchange for kickbacks.
The scheme involved putting the SBC employee's wife on INS' payroll as a
"no-show" employee.

INS is an S Corporation, so its income and expenses appear on the owner's
federal tax return. In 2002, INS paid the no-show employee $272,882. Since
kickbacks are not deductible under federal tax rules, Xifaras should have
reported that amount as taxable income.

Bryant also ordered Xifaras to pay $222,078 in back taxes within 30 days. He
must also pay to the IRS $166,558.60 in penalties and $164,142.12 in interest.

In June, Joseph E. Mello, 41, of Pawtucket, R.I., who had pleaded guilty Oct. 9,
2007, to a charge of wire fraud in connection with the scheme, was sentenced to
18 months in prison followed by three years of supervised release. In the fall
of 2003, Mello left his position of director of project management for SBC and
became vice president of operations at Xifaras' company.

Mello admitted working with then SBC account managers Richard E. Brown and Keith
J. Madeiros who produced false invoices from fictitious companies for work
purportedly performed on E-Rate funded school projects.

It is not clear how the money paid to INS was divided. However, of the $446,572
that was paid to one of the fictitious companies by INS, Brown gave $175,199 to
Mello. Brown also disbursed $103,937 to Madeiros, and kept $167,432 for himself.

Mello and Brown have been ordered to pay $608,565 in restitution.

Mello, who also pleaded guilty to income tax fraud for not reporting the money
he received from the scheme on his 2004 tax return, is required to pay back
taxes, plus penalties and interest.

Brown and Madeiros have each pleaded guilty to charges related to the scheme.

Brown was sentenced on Aug. 29, 2007, to 27 months in prison; Madeiros was
sentenced to nine months in prison on Dec. 7, 2007.

Another defendant, Thomas J. Kennedy III, 49, of Spring Hill, Fla., formerly of
Monroe, Conn., was sentenced on Jan. 23 to 21 months in prison and three years
of supervised release for his part in the scheme. Kennedy pleaded guilty Aug.
24, 2007, to mail fraud and filing a false tax return and was ordered to pay
$485,202 in restitution and a $10,000 fine.

According to federal prosecutors, Kennedy, a former account manager for an SBC
subcontractor, participated in inflating invoices that SBC paid and submitted to
the FCC for reimbursement. The government said the invoices were inflated by
more than $500,000 with $249,525 for Kennedy, and Brown and Madeiros receiving
$78,136 and $129,571, respectively.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Lancashire

                                 March 28, 2005

Minister looks at transport worries

SECTION: News

LENGTH: 276 words


LEIGH'S poor public transport system is to be addressed by a leading Government
minister.

Transport Minister Tony McNulty has pledged to look into the public transport
provision in the town after an impassioned speech in the House of Commons by
Leigh MP Andy Burnham.

Mr Burnham called on the multi-million pound Leigh guided busway project to be
brought back on track and improve bus and train links in the borough.

He said: "As the growing debate about transport priorities in the North-west has
gone live I have felt increasing frustration about the raw deal my constituents
are getting. Last year a major transport scheme in my constituency the
Leigh-Salford-Manchester guided busway was one of a number of schemes placed on
hold pending a review of transport priorities by the North West Regional
Assembly.

"I believe that Leigh's transport needs are becoming lost in the debate about
Metrolink. It would seem that the guided busway has been thrown back into the
pot of medium and low priority public transport schemes in the North-west."

Mr McNulty said: "Let me make it very clear. We certainly recognise the merits
of the Leigh guided busway scheme. That is precisely why it was given
provisional approval in the first place. But since then the cost of the total
quality bus contract scheme has gone up significantly with Government
contributions increasing by £17million to £42.3 million.

"Given other funding pressures in the North-west it has not been possible to
prioritise the scheme for funding in the current spending review period.

"I will look further into the points that he (Andy Burnham) raises."

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2005 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 15, 2015 Wednesday

BRIEF: 2 charged in $1.5M home-loan scheme

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 223 words


April 15--A former Toledo real estate agent and a local mortgage broker have
been indicted in U.S. District Court in a $1.5 million mortgage-fraud scheme.

Timothy R. Bradley, 40, now of Cary, N.C., and Martha Ednie, 53, of Toledo each
were indicted on one count of conspiracy to commit bank fraud and multiple
counts of bank fraud.

Four others, including Mr. Bradley's parents and brother, previously were
indicted on similar charges for their roles in a scheme in which fraudulent bank
loans were obtained by concealing the true purchase price from lenders.

Federal investigators allege the true purchase price was contained in an
addendum signed near the time of closing but concealed from lenders, resulting
in loans between 82 percent and 135 percent of each home's value based on the
adjusted purchase price.

Mr. Bradley, who will be arraigned today in federal court, was listed as the
real estate agent on the contracts, while Ms. Ednie, operator of Apex Mortgage
Co., secured financing as the mortgage broker.

Federal prosecutors allege Mr. Bradley lured buyers by advertising the
properties as good sources of rental income with the promise of cash back at
closing.

Ms. Ednie will be arraigned April 28.

___ (c)2015 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150415-TO-BRF-2-charged-in-1.5M-home-loan-scheme-0415-20150415

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2015 The Blade


                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 20, 2013 Friday

Washington: Investment Manager Pleads Guilty in Manhattan Federal Court to
Perpetrating Multi-Million-Dollar Fraud Schemes

LENGTH: 451  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
today announced that Stephen Colangelo, Jr. pled guilty to two counts of
securities fraud and two counts of wire fraud in connection with two separate
schemes that defrauded investors of more than $2.7 million. Colangelo's first
scheme involved a hedge fund he controlled called the Brickell Fund LLC (the
Brickell Fund), and his second scheme involved three companies he created and
controlled called Hedge Community, Start A Hedge Fund, and Under the Radar SEO
(collectively, the business ventures). Colangelo misled investors in the course
of both of these schemes by making numerous misrepresentations, which included
issuing fraudulent performance statements, private placement memoranda, and
other business documents. Colangelo pled guilty in Manhattan federal court
before U.S. Magistrate Judge James Cott.

Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said, "Investors deserve fair and honest
services from their money managers. Stephen Colangelo, Jr. and others like him
who fraudulently pocket investor money undermine confidence in the markets."

According to the indictment and related court proceedings:

From March 2009 to February 2011, Colangelo represented that he was an
investment manager and solicited funds from private investors for the Brickell
Fund, a purported hedge fund he operated. In the course of soliciting funds from
investors, Colangelo made numerous misrepresentations. Specifically, he told
potential investors that his compensation for managing their investments in the
Brickell Fund would be a nominal management fee and a certain percentage of
trading profits, thus ensuring his compensation would be dependent on his
trading success. In reality, Colangelo regularly misappropriated large amounts
of investor money for his own personal benefit and to support unrelated business
ventures. He also regularly made false claims to investors about investment
strategy and alleged profits. Based on these and other fraudulent statements and
misrepresentations, Colangelo defrauded investors out of more than $1.6 million
in connection with the Brickell Fund.

From August 2009 to October 2011, Colangelo also solicited investments in the
Business Ventures. In doing so, Colangelo represented that investment money
would be used for legitimate business expenses, when, in reality, he
misappropriated a large amount of the investments for his own personal benefit.
Colangelo defrauded investors of well over $1.1 million in connection with the
business ventures.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Former Rite Aid vice president and New Jersey businessman plead guilty in $29.1
million fraud & kickback scheme

LENGTH: 691  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania has
issued the following press release:

The United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania
announced today that a former Rite Aid Vice President and a New Jersey business
man have pleaded guilty to charges in connection with a $29.1 million dollar
surplus inventory sales/kickback scheme.  Rite Aid is a publicly-owned national
drug store chain with its headquarters located in Camp Hill, Pennsylvania.

During a hearing before U.S. District Court Judge John E. Jones III this
afternoon, Jay Findling, age 54, of Manalapan, New Jersey, pleaded guilty to an
Information charging him with Conspiracy to commit Wire Fraud.  In a separate
proceeding held earlier in the day, Judge Jones also accepted the guilty plea of
former Rite Aid Vice President Timothy P. Foster, age 65, of Portland, Oregon,
to the same Information charging him with False Statements to Authorities.  Both
charges are punishable by up to 5 years imprisonment and a $250,000 fine.

According to U.S. Attorney Peter Smith, the charges are based upon Foster's and
Findling's 9 year conspiracy to defraud Rite Aid via a surplus inventory sales
scheme. During the time period in question, Foster worked for Rite Aid in
Oregon.  As the Vice President for Quality Assurance, Foster's primary
responsibilities involved the liquidation of surplus Rite Aid inventory across
the United States.  The scheme succeeded by making Rite Aid believe its surplus
inventory had been sold to Findling's company, J. Finn Industries, LLC, for
amounts reported by Foster when, in fact, the inventory had been sold to third
parties for greater amounts.  Findling would then kick back a portion of his
profits to Foster. The scheme started in 2001 and continued until February of
2010 when Foster resigned from Rite Aid.

During the guilty plea proceeding Findling admitted he established a bank
account in New Jersey under the name of "Rite Aid Salvage Liquidation." The
account was used by the conspirators to collect the payments from the real
buyers of the surplus Rite Aid inventory.  After the payments were received,
Findling would send lesser amounts dictated by Foster to Rite Aid for the goods,
thus inducing Rite Aid to believe the inventory had been purchased by J. Finn
Industries, not the real buyers.  During the guilty plea proceeding the
government alleged Findling received at least $127.7 million from the real
buyers of the surplus Rite Aid inventory but, with Foster's help, only tendered
$98.6 million of that amount to Rite Aid, leaving Findling approximately $29.1
million in profits from the scheme. The government also alleged Findling kicked
back approximately $5.7 million of the $29.1 million to Foster.

Foster admitted during his guilty plea hearing that he knowingly and willfully
lied when he was interviewed by the FBI in January of 2014 and denied he
conspired with Findling to defraud Rite Aid.  Foster subsequently recanted his
false statements when he was re-interviewed by the FBI on May 1, 2014.  During
that interview Foster not only admitted he conspired to defraud Rite Aid with
Findling, he voluntarily surrendered $2.9 million in cash he had received from
Findling over the life of the conspiracy.  Foster had stored the cash stored in
three 5 gallon paint containers in his Phoenix, Arizona garage.

The Information was filed pursuant to plea agreements with the two defendants.
Both agreements require the defendants to cooperate with the government and to
pay restitution to Rite Aid as ordered by the court.  Findling's plea agreement
also obligated him to make a $11.6 million dollar, lump sum forfeiture payment
to the government, which Findling turned over to the U.S. Marshal Service Asset
Forfeiture Fund at the conclusion of the hearing.

The case was investigated by the Harrisburg Office of the FBI.  Both defendants
are being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Kim Douglas Daniel
assisted by David Clark, Litigation Financial Analyst.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

Florida: Leader and Organizer of $49.6 Million Mortgage Fraud Scheme Sentenced
to 27 Years and Three Months in Prison

LENGTH: 771  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida has issued
the following press release:

Wifredo A. Ferrer, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida,
George L. Piro, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI),
Miami Field Office, and Fred W. Gibson, Principal Deputy Inspector General,
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, Office of Inspector General (FDIC-OIG),
Atlanta Regional Office, announce that Domenico "Dom" Rabuffo, 78, of Miami, was
sentenced by Chief United States District Judge K. Michael Moore for his role as
a leader and organizer of a $49.6 million bank fraud and wire scheme,
perpetrated from approximately 2003 through 2008. Domenico Rabuffo was sentenced
to 27 years and three months in prison for his role in the fraud scheme.

On July 3, 2014, Domenico Rabuffo and three co-defendants, Mae Rabuffo, 75, of
New York, Raymond E. "Ray" Olivier, 52, of Land O' Lakes, Florida, and Curtis
Allen Davis, 52, of Tampa, were convicted of conspiracy to commit bank fraud and
wire fraud after an 11 day-jury trial before Chief Judge Moore. Domenico
Rabuffo, Olivier, and Davis were also convicted of various bank fraud offenses.

According to the indictment and evidence at trial, from 2003 to 2008, Rabuffo
and his co-defendants conspired to perpetrate a complex $49.6 million mortgage
fraud scheme against various FDIC-insured lenders, including Bank of America,
Regions Bank, SunTrust Bank, and Wachovia Bank. Rabuffo and his ex-wife Mae
Rabuffo used shell companies to acquire ownership and control of a purported
residential property development known as Hampton Springs, located in Cashiers,
North Carolina. Then, Rabuffo, Olivier, and Davis recruited numerous straw
borrowers to purchase building lots in the development. Several of the straw
borrowers testified at the trial. According to their testimony and other
evidence, Domenico Rabuffo paid the borrowers to obtain lot purchase loans and
construction loans for building lots in Hampton Springs. To obtain the loans,
Domenico Rabuffo, Mae Rabuffo, Olivier, Davis, and other conspirators, submitted
fraudulent loan applications and related documents to the lenders and the
lenders' closing agents.

Among other things, the loan applications and settlement statements for the lot
loans contained fraudulent statements that the borrowers paid earnest money
deposits and cash due at the closing. In fact, the deposits and cash-to-close
were paid by Domenico Rabuffo and Mae Rabuffo using proceeds from the fraudulent
scheme. Further, Domenico Rabuffo and Mae Rabuffo sent fraudulent correspondence
to the closing agents, including letters bearing the forged signatures of
borrowers, to create the false impression that the deposits and cash due at
closing had been supplied by the borrowers from their own funds.

Olivier and Davis recruited straw borrowers for the fraud scheme and submitted
fraudulent loan applications to the lenders. Further, Olivier and Davis caused
their private companies to be disclosed as the employers of straw borrowers
whose actual employment was inconsistent with the inflated income stated on
their loan applications. Then, when they were contacted by the lenders, Olivier
and Davis provided fraudulent verifications of employment for those borrowers.

Mae Rabuffo, Davis, and Olivier are scheduled to be sentenced on October 30,
2014, also before Chief Judge Moore.

Three other defendants, Diane M. Hayduk, 64, of Miami, Victor Miguel Vidal, 49,
of Miami, and Lazaro Jesus Perez, 44, of Miami Springs, pled guilty to the
charged conspiracy and agreed to assist the United States. Hayduk assisted
Domenico Rabuffo and Mae Rabuffo with the misappropriation of loan proceeds and
the transmission of fraudulent correspondence to the lenders and the closing
agents. Vidal served as a loan officer at SunTrust Mortgage, where he sponsored
fraudulent loan applications for lots in Hampton Springs, including fraudulent
applications for $33 million in construction loans. Perez furnished fictitious
accountant's letters to Vidal, in support of fraudulent loan applications
submitted to SunTrust Mortgage. Hayduk, Vidal, and Perez were sentenced in
September, 2014. Hayduk was sentenced to 40 months in prison, Vidal was
sentenced to 64 months in prison and Perez was sentenced to 30 months in prison.

Mr. Ferrer commended the investigative efforts of the FBI and FDIC-OIG. This
case was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Dwayne E. Williams and
Jerrob Duffy.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: SEC Charges Firms and Individuals for Defrauding Investors in
Cellular Licensing Scheme

LENGTH: 645  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Securities and Exchange Commission, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The Securities and Exchange Commission today charged 12 companies and six
individuals with defrauding investors in a scheme involving applications to the
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for cellular spectrum licenses.

According to the SEC's complaint filed in federal district court in Arizona,
David Alcorn and Kent Maerki orchestrated the offering fraud through Janus
Spectrum LLC, a Glendale, Ariz.-based company they founded and managed. Janus
Spectrum held itself out as a service provider that prepares cellular spectrum
license applications on behalf of third parties. The complaint alleges that
although Alcorn and Maerki had third parties offer and sell securities based on
the licenses to investors, they were personally involved in presentations to
investors and Maerki appeared in misleading videos, including one called "Money
from Thin Air."

The SEC alleges that investors in the scheme were promised potentially lucrative
returns based on Janus Spectrum obtaining FCC licenses in the Expansion Band and
Guard Band portions of the 800 megahertz (MHz) band. Janus Spectrum and the
fundraising entities claimed that investors could profit because Sprint and
other major wireless carriers needed licenses in this spectrum. In fact, the
value of the licenses was small because this spectrum cannot support cellular
systems and is generally used for "push-to-talk" services for local law
enforcement or businesses like pizza delivery companies that require less
bandwidth.

"Janus Spectrum and its fundraising entities allegedly engaged in the
unregistered offer and sale of securities in violation of the federal securities
laws and repeatedly lied to investors regarding the value and use of the FCC
licenses," said Michele W. Layne, Director of the SEC's Los Angeles Regional
Office.

The SEC's complaint alleges that the scheme raised more than $12.4 million from
investors from May 2012 to October 2014. The fundraising entities funneled a
significant percentage of the investors' funds to Janus Spectrum, which used
only a small portion to prepare applications for FCC licenses. The complaint
alleges that instead, all of the individuals in the scheme kept a significant
portion of investor funds for personal use.

Four individuals and 11 companies were named as fundraising entities:

Daryl G. Bank of Port St. Lucie, Fla., and his companies Dominion Private Client
Group LLC, Janus Spectrum Group LLC, Spectrum Management LLC, Spectrum 100 LLC,
Spectrum 100 Management LLC, Prime Spectrum LLC and Prime Spectrum Management
LLC all based in Virginia Beach, Va.
 Bobby D. Jones of Phoenix and his company Premier Spectrum Group PMA, a Texas
private membership association based in Phoenix.
 Terry W. Johnson of Heath, Texas and Raymon G. Chadwick Jr. of Grand Prairie,
Texas and their companies Innovative Group PMA, Premier Group PMA and Prosperity
Group PMA, Texas private membership associations based in Grand Prairie, Texas
or Heath, Texas.

As alleged in the SEC's complaint, in conducting this fraudulent scheme and
lying to investors, Janus Spectrum, Alcorn, Maerki, Bank, Jones, Johnson,
Chadwick, and the fundraising entities violated the antifraud provisions and the
securities registration provisions of the federal securities laws, and Janus
Spectrum and all six individuals violated the broker-dealer registration
provisions.

The SEC's investigation was conducted by Sana Muttalib and Lorraine Pearson and
supervised by Victoria A. Levin of the Los Angeles office. The litigation will
be handled by Sam Puathasnanon. The SEC appreciates the assistance of the Texas
State Securities Board and the Federal Communications Commission.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: SEC Charges Firms and Individuals for Defrauding Investors in
Cellular Licensing Scheme

LENGTH: 645  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Securities and Exchange Commission, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The Securities and Exchange Commission today charged 12 companies and six
individuals with defrauding investors in a scheme involving applications to the
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for cellular spectrum licenses.

According to the SEC's complaint filed in federal district court in Arizona,
David Alcorn and Kent Maerki orchestrated the offering fraud through Janus
Spectrum LLC, a Glendale, Ariz.-based company they founded and managed. Janus
Spectrum held itself out as a service provider that prepares cellular spectrum
license applications on behalf of third parties. The complaint alleges that
although Alcorn and Maerki had third parties offer and sell securities based on
the licenses to investors, they were personally involved in presentations to
investors and Maerki appeared in misleading videos, including one called "Money
from Thin Air."

The SEC alleges that investors in the scheme were promised potentially lucrative
returns based on Janus Spectrum obtaining FCC licenses in the Expansion Band and
Guard Band portions of the 800 megahertz (MHz) band. Janus Spectrum and the
fundraising entities claimed that investors could profit because Sprint and
other major wireless carriers needed licenses in this spectrum. In fact, the
value of the licenses was small because this spectrum cannot support cellular
systems and is generally used for "push-to-talk" services for local law
enforcement or businesses like pizza delivery companies that require less
bandwidth.

"Janus Spectrum and its fundraising entities allegedly engaged in the
unregistered offer and sale of securities in violation of the federal securities
laws and repeatedly lied to investors regarding the value and use of the FCC
licenses," said Michele W. Layne, Director of the SEC's Los Angeles Regional
Office.

The SEC's complaint alleges that the scheme raised more than $12.4 million from
investors from May 2012 to October 2014. The fundraising entities funneled a
significant percentage of the investors' funds to Janus Spectrum, which used
only a small portion to prepare applications for FCC licenses. The complaint
alleges that instead, all of the individuals in the scheme kept a significant
portion of investor funds for personal use.

Four individuals and 11 companies were named as fundraising entities:

Daryl G. Bank of Port St. Lucie, Fla., and his companies Dominion Private Client
Group LLC, Janus Spectrum Group LLC, Spectrum Management LLC, Spectrum 100 LLC,
Spectrum 100 Management LLC, Prime Spectrum LLC and Prime Spectrum Management
LLC all based in Virginia Beach, Va.
 Bobby D. Jones of Phoenix and his company Premier Spectrum Group PMA, a Texas
private membership association based in Phoenix.
 Terry W. Johnson of Heath, Texas and Raymon G. Chadwick Jr. of Grand Prairie,
Texas and their companies Innovative Group PMA, Premier Group PMA and Prosperity
Group PMA, Texas private membership associations based in Grand Prairie, Texas
or Heath, Texas.

As alleged in the SEC's complaint, in conducting this fraudulent scheme and
lying to investors, Janus Spectrum, Alcorn, Maerki, Bank, Jones, Johnson,
Chadwick, and the fundraising entities violated the antifraud provisions and the
securities registration provisions of the federal securities laws, and Janus
Spectrum and all six individuals violated the broker-dealer registration
provisions.

The SEC's investigation was conducted by Sana Muttalib and Lorraine Pearson and
supervised by Victoria A. Levin of the Los Angeles office. The litigation will
be handled by Sam Puathasnanon. The SEC appreciates the assistance of the Texas
State Securities Board and the Federal Communications Commission.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                            March 22, 2007 Thursday

Record number of pubs join scheme

BYLINE:  Tom Mack

SECTION: Pg. 26

LENGTH: 377 words


A record 85 pubs have applied for an awards scheme aimed at making the city
safer.

The Best Bar None scheme was launched in other cities such as Manchester and
Nottingham in previous years.

Bars in the city centre, West End and Queens Road areas were invited to sign up
for the scheme.

It awards plaques to the best-run licensed businesses in a campaign to raise
standards in the industry.

The Leicester scheme, which is one of about 60 nationwide, is sponsored by city
solicitors Freeth Cartwright and was launched in November last year. By January
28 bars, pubs and nightclubs had applied for the scheme.

Today organiser Big Table PR, which also runs the scheme in Nottingham, said 85
premises had now signed up.

Jocelyn Platt, of Big Table, said: "We've had 85 applications which is
phenomenal. It's the biggest first year in the history of the scheme.

"We launched the scheme last year and knew that it would be a slow burn in the
run-up to Christmas when licensed premises are very busy.

"It's been amazing how many more applications we've had since then.

"The licensing team at Leicester City Council and the police crime and disorder
team have been very proactive and encouraged other places to sign up for Best
Bar None."

As well as helping licensees find out how they should be operating, it is hoped
that the scheme will cut down on scams such as pubs watering down beer, using
unregistered door staff and allowing or overlooking drug use.

Inspector Rich Hiom, of Leicestershire police, said: "This is an excellent
response and we're overwhelmed.

"The work between the police and the local authority to encourage more pubs,
bars and clubs to take part is paying dividends.

"The idea is to reduce crime and disorder in the city centre and we think this
scheme will go a long way to doing that."

One of the recent bars to sign up for the scheme was Revolution in New Walk.

Manager Nick Taylor said: "We signed up for it because other members of the
pubwatch scheme were taking part.

"We had our assessors in to have a look at the place and we're hoping a win will
be good publicity for us.

"It's all about public safety, crime and alcohol awareness and we want to show
that we are a safe place to come for our customers.

"I think it's going to be a good thing for Leicester."

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved


                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Aegis, Bel Air, Md.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 28, 2013 Thursday

Man charged in 'Ponzi' scheme arrested in Harford County

BYLINE: Bryna Zumer, The Aegis, Bel Air, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 532 words


Feb. 28--A Pennsylvania man indicted on federal charges of running a major
"Ponzi" scheme was arrested in Harford County last week on car theft charges and
then quickly wisked away by federal marshals.

Istvan A. Merchenthaler, 42, is under federal indictment, charged with
defrauding investors of more than $2 million by claiming to run a company called
PhoneCard USA from at least May 2006 to about September 2011, according to a May
press release from the U.S. Attorney's Office in Philadelphia. As of Thursday
afternoon, Merchenthaler remained in federal custody, according to the
Philadelphia Attorney General's Office.

Harford County District Court Judge Victor Butanis agreed to release him to
federal marshals after a bail review on Feb. 19.

According to the federal indictment, Merchenthaler, also known as Steve
Merchenthaler, got investors to sign on to PhoneCard USA, billed as a "premier
distribution source" for prepaid phone cards and cell phones that had contracts
with Walmart, 7-Eleven and BJ's Wholesale Club, among other major retailers.

He allegedly told people their investments would finance the "exponential
growth" of the company and provide them with "generous returns," while actually
having no contracts.

He is charged with four counts of wire fraud, one count of aggravated identity
theft and two counts of money laundering, U.S. Attorney Zane David Memeger said
in the press release.

If convicted, he faces a mandatory minimum of two years and a maximum sentence
of 102 years in jail, a three-year period of supervised release, a $1.75 million
fine and a $700 special assessment.

The case is being investigated by the FBI and the Internal Revenue Service
Criminal Investigation Division.

Merchenthaler was living in Downingtown, Pa., at the time of his indictment,
according to the press release, while Maryland court records list him as living
in the 4400 block of Madonna Road in Street.

In the Harford case, he was charged in a Feb. 15 incident of unlawful taking of
a motor vehicle and stealing between $10,000 and $100,000. He was arrested by
Maryland State Police on Feb. 16, according to court records.

During the Feb. 19 bail review, where Merchenthaler was seen from the Harford
County Detention Center via closed-circuit TV, bailiffs at the detention center
cleared the room of defendants for Merchentaler's review because they said he
was a security risk.

"This suspect was a skilled fighter, martial arts, high risk inmate," Sheriff's
Office spokesman Eddie Hopkins wrote in an e-mail. "The deputies cleared the
CCTV room as he was a risk to anyone who was in there with him."

Merchenthaler told Butanis he was living in Street but has been homeless for
four months and has not been allowed to work since being indicted in federal
court.

Public defender Bruce Andres said he had worked as a dental technician and had
no previous convictions or failures to appear in court.

Assistant state's attorney Christopher Tabone asked for him to be released to
federal marshals, which Butanis agreed to do.

___ (c)2013 The Aegis (Bel Air, Md.) Visit The Aegis (Bel Air, Md.) at
www.baltimoresun.com/explore/harford/publications/the-aegis Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130228-1AE-Man-charged-in-Ponzi-scheme
-arrested-in-Harford-County-0228-20130228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AE


                            Copyright 2013 The Aegis


                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             April 28, 2009 Tuesday

The Nation

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 604 words


BOSTON

Craigslist suspect broke

The Boston University medical student accused of slaying a 25-year-old masseuse
he met on Craigslist owes more than $130,000 in student loans and cannot afford
an attorney, according to court papers.

Philip Markoff, 23, also does not get money from his parents and has been
unemployed for a while making him eligible for an appointed attorney paid
through public funds, court documents showed.

Markoff was a second-year medical student at BU at the time of his arrest last
week during a traffic stop as he drove to Foxwoods Casino in Connecticut. He
also graduated from the State University of New York-Albany.

Markoff is charged with murdering Julissa Brisman on April 14 at the Boston
Marriott Copley Place hotel. He also is charged in a robbery at a nearby hotel
of another masseuse police say he met through the Craigslist classified ads Web
site.

BALTIMORE

Five charged in

$70M Ponzi scheme

More than 1,000 people were defrauded out of about $70 million by a group
advertising the dream of homeownership in what turned out to be a nightmare
Ponzi scheme, federal and Maryland officials said Monday.

Five officers for Laurel, Md.-based Metro Dream Homes company are accused of
tricking homeowners into pouring money into the business with the promise that
the revenue would be used to pay off their mortgages. The scheme ran from 2005
until October 2007, authorities said.

Newly confirmed Assistant U.S. Attorney General Lanny Breuer said the charges
should send a message to those engaging in mortgage fraud.

"Our resolve as a group is great," he said at a news conference in Washington.
"We will find you. We will prosecute you, and we're going to put you in prison."

The indictment names company founder Andrew Hamilton Williams Jr., 58, of
Hollywood, Fla.; financial officer Michael Anthony Hickson, 46, of Commack,
N.Y.; president Isaac Jerome Smith, 46, of Spotsylvania, Va.; and vice president
Alvita Karen Gunn, 31, of Hanover, Md. They had 48 hours to turn themselves in.

WASHINGTON

Republicans want

CIA briefing records

Top House Republicans are calling for the CIA to release to Congress its records
on the classified briefings it conducted for lawmakers on its harsh
interrogation program in an effort to establish what Democrats knew about those
techniques.

A spokesman for the Republicans said Monday that they would decide whether to
ask that the records be declassified after they have been handed over.

Members of Congress have divergent memories on what they were told and when, and
whether they objected, questioned or agreed to the methods.

The details of those classified briefings have been leaked in drips since
September 2006 when President George W. Bush confirmed the secret overseas
interrogation and overseas program.

GAINESVILLE, FLA.

Schools cutting games to save costs

High school athletes in Florida will play fewer games for the next two years
under a new rule approved by the Florida High School Athletic Association that
is designed to save money during tough economic times.

The group's board of directors voted 9-6 Monday to cut the number of varsity
games by 20 percent and all other play by 40 percent through the 2010-11 school
year. The policy applies to all sports except for football.

"It's written in the proposal to have a sunset after two years. That's it. We
really mean two years," board president Greg Zornes said in a statement. "We
fully intend to restore what we had until today at the end of the two-year
period."

The rule change was designed to cut costs for Florida high school athletic
departments, which are facing tough budget constraints.

Herald wire services

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Indianapolis Business Journal

                                 July 12, 2010

Trustee sues real estate exec for $115M;
Williams Realty founder accused of luring friends into Ponzi

LENGTH: 1147 words


Trustee sues real estate exec for $115M Williams Realty founder accused of
luring friends into Ponzi

The founder of an Indianapolis real estate firm is accused of preying on a
network of longtime friends to help a Miami man perpetrate a $900 million Ponzi
scheme.

Sydney "Jack" Williams, who founded locally based Williams Realty Group,
persuaded more than a dozen Indiana investors from 2003 to 2009 to lend millions
of dollars at high interest rates to a food brokerage firm called Capitol
Investments USA Inc.

Trouble is the Miami Beach, Fla.-based company, which purportedly acted as a
grocery middleman, actually conducted no business operations from 2005 to 2009,
federal authorities say. They allege the company paid previous investors-along
with enormous commissions to Williams-with new money coming in.

A court-appointed trustee in the company's bankruptcy liquidation this month
sued Williams and companies he controls to recover more than $115 million. The
trustee alleges Williams, 62, "knew or should have known" Capitol was a fraud
but was motivated to perpetuate it to collect commissions.

According to court papers, Williams earned a 10-percent commission on hundreds
of loans, many of which came from friends he met as a Sigma Chi at Ball State
University.

An attorney for Williams, Martin Raskin of Miami, denied the trustee's
allegations and questioned the timing of the 565-page filing, on the Friday
before the Fourth of July weekend.

"We recognize a trustee will throw everything he can against the wall and hope
something sticks-in this case, it simply will not stick," Raskin said. "If he's
complicit in a Ponzi scheme, is he going to have his money in it when it falls
apart and have these loans guaranteed by his house when it falls apart? Jack was
as much a victim as anyone else."

The owner of Capitol Investments, Nevin K. Shapiro of Miami, is facing federal
charges for orchestrating the scheme to defraud more than 60 investors and is
being held in a federal prison in New Jersey. Williams has not been charged with
any crime.

Williams sold his interest in Williams Realty, which he founded in 1980, several
years ago. He now serves as co-chairman of Naples, Fla.-based National Equity
Trust, a real estate investment and finance firm.

Bankruptcy filings show Capitol Investments owes Williams $10.4 million on loans
he provided. Other Indiana investors are owed $11 million on the tens of
millions of dollars they lent over the years to Capitol Investments.

Joel L. Tabas, a Miami attorney acting as bankruptcy trustee, described Williams
as a co-conspirator in the Ponzi scheme-not a victim-in the July 2 court filing.

"Williams participated in the Capitol scheme by ... accepting commission
payments despite having actual or constructive knowledge that the investments
were being made in a Ponzi scheme," Tabas wrote. "Williams brought in so many
investors into Capitol that he called himself the Bank of Naples."

Tabas is seeking to recover more than $115 million in commission and interest
payments Captitol made to Williams. The money-which was paid to Williams and his
companies in the four years before the bankruptcy filing-would go toward
repaying the other investors.

The trustee also is seeking to cancel the loans Williams supposedly is owed. In
his filing, Tabas called the promissory notes fraudulent and said they "do not
correspond to any actual deposits into Capitol."

Pumping in money

Among the Indiana investors is Charles W. Brown, a principal in
Indianapolisbased Southern Bells Inc., one of the nation's largest Taco Bell
franchisees with restaurants in three states. Records show he is owed $490,000
on a loan he made in 2008.

"It's not something I'm very happy about or proud of," said Brown, who
nonetheless believes his friend from Ball State had no idea he was helping to
perpetuate a Ponzi scheme. "I don't believe he knew about it and I would still
consider him a friend."

Among the other local investors: prominent local attorney James R. Fisher, a
former Ice Miller partner and principal in Indianapolis-based Miller & Fisher
LLC; Jon E. Smith and his company Smith Implements Inc., a John Deere dealer
with locations in Greenfield, Greensburg, Rushville and Richmond; and Terrance
A. Smith, a beer distributor in Anderson.

A bankruptcy schedule for Capitol Investments shows $132 million in liabilities
against just $500 in assets.

Investors also might be able to pursue recovery through a personal bankruptcy
case filed by Shapiro, 41, though that doesn't look much more promising. The
filing claims assets of $5.5 million including his house and car, but both are
encumbered by loans.

The Securities and Exchange Commission said in April that Shapiro
misappropriated at least $38 million of investor funds to finance outside
business ventures, fund his lavish lifestyle, and pay large commissions to
people who recruited new investors.

The largesse allowed Shapiro to live in a $5.4 million house, drive a Mercedes
CLK 500, and give $150,000 to the University of Miami for a student-athlete
lounge.

Deposition scheduled

Williams is scheduled to give a deposition in the case July 22. Many of the
investors are waiting to see if Williams follows Shapiro in invoking the Fifth
Amendment. Raskin, Williams' attorney, said he will testify.

The Indiana investors were attracted by annual interest rates as high as 26
percent and reassured by promises from Williams-who called the loans a "very
safe" investment, "a financially smart thing to do," and a "no-brainer," court
filings claim.

But when the interest payments abruptly stopped in early 2009, investors began
feeling nervous. One of them, local management consultant George Garrett,
e-mailed fellow Indianapolis investors that August.

He argued Shapiro owed the investors an honest explanation, and they could no
longer take their old friend Syd Williams at his word.

"Let's face the facts here, it looks like a Ponzi scheme and it smells like a
Ponzi scheme, and it may well be a Ponzi scheme and I'm getting a bit nervous
just like you, but Syd assures us it is not," he wrote in an e-mail that's now
part of the bankruptcy court record. "I am running out of patience."

In February 2009, Williams told Carmel resident Jim Meyer in an e-mail that his
$200,000 investment was "fine" even after Shapiro had failed to pay interest as
the agreement required.

Williams' reassurances led investors to hold off from taking legal action, for a
while at least.

Investor Sherwin Jarol of Chicago-based Bradley Associates, fearing Shapiro was
hiding assets, filed involuntary Chapter 7 bankruptcy for both Shapiro and
Capitol Investments in November 2009.

Williams is a longtime partner of Bradley Associates. Jarol did not return phone
messages.

The bankruptcy judge appointed a trustee in December 2009, and federal
prosecutors filed securities fraud and money laundering charges against Shapiro
this April.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              April 8, 2012 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

Dueling trustees wrestling in courts over Petters profits

BYLINE: DAVID PHELPS; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 880 words


Later this month, BMO Harris Bank will ask a bankruptcy judge to dismiss a $1
billion lawsuit for its purported role in the Ponzi scheme engineered by former
Wayzata businessman Tom Petters.

The dismissal hearing will be in Miami, 1,512 miles from the Petters bankruptcy
proceedings in St. Paul, where the Chicago-based institution also may face a
legal action for handling billions of dollars in deposits and withdrawals for
Petters in the final months of the fraud.

So it goes as dueling bankruptcy trustees target some of the same deep pockets
as they attempt to recover any proceeds they can from the decade-long, $3.65
billion fraud that collapsed in 2008. Individuals, charities and businesses find
themselves on twin radar screens as bankruptcies proceed with Petters' corporate
estate in St. Paul and the estate of one of his largest investors, the Palm
Beach Funds, in Florida.

BMO Harris inherited its exposure to the Petters scheme last year when it
acquired Milwaukee-based Marshall Ilsley Bank, which counted Petters as a
customer.

The trustees of both bankruptcies know each other. Palm Beach trustee Barry
Mukamal even sits on the creditor's committee of the Petters bankruptcy,
overseen by Doug Kelley.

"In our view, we should be working in a cooperative way," said Michael Budwick,
the attorney for Mukamal. "We are obligated to pursue all claims that we believe
have merit and Mr. Kelley is obligated to do the same. Hopefully, each will be
successful in maximizing returns to the victims."

But that is not always easy.

"We sent out letters to 90 to 100 investors that [said] if you settle with Palm
Beach, that does not mean you are settling with us," said Kelley of the dual
claims. "I'd hope the trustees could arrive at an agreement to make it easier
for people we are targeting and limit the cost of legal fees."

In the Ponzi scheme, early investors got their money back, plus interest, as new
investors poured money into the funds with Petters or purchased interest-bearing
promissory notes from him. The notes were sold to investors who were told that
Petters was buying consumer electronic goods for sale to big-box retailers. But
the transactions were fictitious, and the scheme fell apart in 2008.

The dueling bankruptcies are both complicated and simple:

- The Petters case involves his main investment vehicle, Petters Companies Inc.
(PCI) and the liquidation of his corporate estate, which included Polaroid, Sun
Country Airlines and Fingerhut, as well as recovery of so-called "false profits"
from investors who made money before the scheme imploded.

- The Palm Beach case involves Frank Vennes Jr., a convicted felon who used his
Metro Gem businesses to raise funds for Petters and served as a link between PCI
and the Palm Beach funds, which took a net loss to PCI of $642 million.

But the legal landscape gets complicated when the list of investment winners --
who are now the targets of clawback lawsuits -- overlaps in the two bankruptcies
and both trustees go after the same targets.

Some of them are charities and have been asked by each trustee to return
donations made by both Petters and Vennes on grounds that the money was a
byproduct of a fraud.

Minneapolis attorney Timothy Kelly, represents one of those charities --
Minnesota Teen Challenge -- which is the target of clawback litigation in both
bankruptcies.

"The law does not deal with dueling trustees very well. It's factually and
legally complicated," Kelly said. "At the end of the day do we flip a coin? Or
do we pay twice?"

Coincidentally, legislation signed into law by Gov. Mark Dayton last week could
sharply limit collection attempts from charities by both trustees. The new law
protects nonprofits from paying back contributions from fraudulently obtained
sources after two years instead of the current six-year statute of limitations.
Both trustees are considering a legal challenge of the new law. But there are
more than charitable donations at stake.

Earlier this year, Palm Beach sought permission to make clawback attempts on the
Vennes estate, which is under the supervision of a federal judge in Minnesota.
Kelley, who could get up to $4 million from the estate, objected. So did the
liquidating trustee for Vennes. So did the U.S. attorney's office, which has
oversight of forfeiture proceedings.

U.S. District Judge Ann Montgomery denied the Palm Beach request, noting that
Kelley also is frozen from taking action against Vennes and Metro Gem by a
previous court-ordered stay on litigation until an asset distribution plan is
completed.

The BMO Harris Bank claim is another potential dueling claim in the two
bankruptcies. Palm Beach wants more than $1 billion from the bank for allegedly
failing to detect the fraud as tainted PCI dollars flowed through its MI
account. The bank calls the lawsuit's allegations "baseless."

Kelley, on the other hand, has MI and BMO on his radar as well.

"We continue to explore their potential liability," he said.

As the bankruptcies unfold, the trustees can expect more disputes.

"In a complex bankruptcy situation, like the Petters case, trustees are trying
to marshal assets and often there will be competing claims to the same assets,"
said Ann Graham, a business law professor at the Hamline University School of
Law.

David Phelps - 612-673-7269

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           January 19, 2013 Saturday

NFL: Oakland Raiders look to Greg Olson to boost offense

BYLINE: By Steve Corkran scorkran@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Other sports; News

LENGTH: 318 words


The Raiders have hired Greg Olson as their offensive coordinator, the team
confirmed Saturday.

Olson spent the past season as the assistant head coach/quarterbacks coach for
the Jacksonville Jaguars. He replaces Greg Knapp in Oakland and will work under
coach Dennis Allen.

Olson has six years' experience as an offensive coordinator in the NFL,
including three with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, from 2009-11. During that time,
Olson was credited with the rapid development of quarterback Josh Freeman into
one of the league's more promising players.

Olson favors a power-blocking scheme, which means the zone-blocking scheme
favored by Knapp and fired offensive-line coach Frank Pollack are gone after one
season.

That should help jump-start running back Darren McFadden, who averaged only 3.3
yards per carry in 2012 and never looked comfortable in the scheme.

Rams running back Steven Jackson had his best season in 2006 with Olson as his
offensive coordinator.

Olson also worked with Drew Brees when both were at Purdue and Olson was the
quarterbacks coach.

The Raiders also hired longtime NFL coach Bobby April to fill their vacancy at
special teams coordinator.

April spent the past three seasons as the Philadelphia Eagles' special teams
coordinator. Overall, he has coached 21 years in the NFL, mostly special teams.

April replaces Steve Hoffman. Allen still needs to add an offensive line and
linebackers coach.

Colts: Indianapolis confirmed the hiring of former Stanford assistant Pep
Hamilton as its offensive coordinator.

Bills: Pat Morris was hired as offensive line coach. Morris has 15 years of NFL
experience, including stints with Tampa Bay, Minnesota, Detroit and the 49ers.

Jaguars: New coach Gus Bradley hired University of Miami offensive coordinator
Jedd Fisch to the same position and longtime Chicago Bears assistant Bob Babich
as defensive coordinator.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            March 11, 2009 Wednesday

Official describes Afghan-driven scheme for peace

LENGTH: 1612 words


Excerpt from article by Mr Ayub Motahar entitled "It is better for us to be
pioneer in terms of joining the issue of peace rather than waiting for
outsiders" published by private Afghan newspaper Arman-e Melli on 8 March

As dear compatriots know, Dr Wahid Wahidollah, a UN senior diplomat and the main
mastermind of the Bonn Agreement, has presented a new scheme to his countrymen
and the international community for implementing the Bonn Agreement and bringing
a permanent peace to Afghanistan and we have conducted an interview with the
chief executive of this process, who has recently returned from the USA.

[Q] Mr Ayam, could you please give details of the visible specifications of this
scheme as you are the senior executive of the peace scheme presented by Dr Wahid
Wahidollah?

[A] The new scheme initially has two objectives: Peace and the reconstruction of
Afghanistan. In my opinion, every countryman agrees with these two principles
and the process has three parts:

1. Unity for peace and rehabilitation of Afghanistan:

Inter-Afghan debates and fortunately this process is going on smoothly. We have
succeeded in gaining the support of major parts of the international community,
the esteemed leaders, who will play their part in the country's future, and
various strata of people.

2. The convening of a transitional Loya Jerga has been foreseen and we hope the
second part of the scheme will also be taken up at the end of the president's
tenure.

The procedure will help our country pass a post-war transitional period and it
will push our country towards peace and reconstruction. The Loya Jerga can
facilitate the organized transfer of power from the authorities of the present
government to a nationwide government so that national unity will be maintained.
It will also help an organized transfer of power from the authorities of the
present judicial body to a transitional judicial body - the revision of the
constitution - the modification will switch from the presidential system to a
democratic parliamentary system. There will be the issue of the presence of the
international community, such as the United Nations, the European Union, ISAF,
NATO and other government and international institutions.

Discussing and reviewing the options for an alternative to poppy and finally
reviewing the country's policies as well as the creation of an atmosphere of
trust with the neighbouring countries so that their relations may be organized
in a way that serves the interest of all countries of the world and security in
the region.

3. The holding of a national and democratic election.

[Q] Why is it thought that the elections are not an option and a Loya Jerga
could be a solution and it seems, based on the scheme, that the elections will
not be held?

[A] Yes, you are absolutely right. The elections will never solve the present
problems. Let's think, if Mr Karzai obtains the majority of votes again, will
these disputes be solved? It is obvious that clashes and unrest will continue
even if another candidate wins the elections. It seems most candidates have
broken away from the present leadership. However, how will a lack of success and
shortages be resolved in the presence of these teams through a member of them?

The honourable candidates have never proposed an option to the people and
government for tackling the shortages and preparing the ground for ensuring
security and so they will partially face failure.

[Q] Can you please tell us why the Bonn Agreement could not help maintain
security and improve living conditions in Afghanistan?

[A] In my opinion this question should be directed at the present government as
a positive plan may not give the desirable result if it is not implemented
properly.

I don't want to blame this or that person, this or that group. I would like to
conclude in one sentence that it is better to think about tomorrow and one
should not blame an individual - on a collective basis devoid of any
discrimination, we should all join hands to take Afghanistan out of the present
crisis.

[Q] Please tell us which improper behaviour of the present government, in your
opinion, has basically caused the present situation?

[A] I don't want to talk about this issue in the present situation, but it is
obvious that the present leadership in the country unfortunately has failed to
use the possibilities and capacities efficiently.

[Q] Will the present government's members participate in the Loya Jerga?

[A] Absolutely. Members of the present government, members of both houses of
parliament and others will be the members of the Loya Jerga. Actually, the
programme does not involve removing anyone but there is an issue of national
participation in the Loya Jerga.

[Q] Will representatives of the opponents, who are presently fighting the
government, such as the Taleban and the Islamic Party led by Golboddin Hekmatyar
be invited to the Loya Jerga?

[A] The way Dr Wahid Wahidollah's peace scheme deal with this and the way he has
said openly said at his press conferences, the Taleban and members of the
Islamic Party you talked about specifically are our Afghan brothers and the door
for deciding about the country's destiny is open for them as it is open for
others and we warmly welcome their participation in the peace and rehabilitation
process of Afghanistan.

[Q] You are the senior executor of Dr Wahid Wahidollah's new peace scheme; can
you please tell us whether Mr Wahid will stand in the coming elections after a
transitional period?

[A] I am saying very openly that Dr Wahid has never thought of himself grasping
power and does not have such an idea at all. As a UN expert, he has not only
formulated peace schemes for his own country, Afghanistan, but has hammered out
peace schemes for other parts of the world and his schemes have successfully
resulted in peace, for instance his programme for the Balkans and the Kosovo
scheme for independence and some other programmes.

Actually, it is something usual in our country that whoever has a scheme
considers himself the executor of that scheme or he will rely on a particular
group.

What is the best things about this scheme is that he [Dr Wahid Wahidollah] is
just thinking about his people's prosperity.

[passage omitted: background on interviewee's acquaintance with Wahidollah]

[Q] What is the position of the international community, particularly the USA,
in terms of the new scheme that you are executor of ?

[A] I must say that the scheme will not only solve our country's problems but
this time we are going to help the international community, we are going to help
the international community in returning their soldiers to their countries and
we will also give them an assurance that Afghan soil will no longer be used as a
threat to other countries - we Afghans will lead our country independently and
we will defend our country independently and there should not be any concerns
about how the international community and the USA are considering this scheme,
but they are welcoming such a scheme.

[Q] In the event that a Loya Jerga is held, will members of both houses of
parliament remain in their jobs?

[A] Yes, jobs of members of both houses of parliament will be extended from
three to five years until the end of a transitional period.

They will remain as they are until the holding of transparent, national and
democratic elections, the third part of the scheme under UN supervision.

[Q] It is said that there are some circles that do not consider this scheme as
suitable for themselves, so what is your opinion?

[A] I don't think we could find any Afghan who does not want peace and his
country's reconstruction - if there are still such individuals, their number
will be very small and their efforts will be futile - peace will come to our
country with the grace of Allah and the Afghan people's solidarity.

[Q] What problems have you been faced with during inter-Afghan talks? Have some
leaders disagreed with your scheme?

[A] I can say frankly that I could not find any leaders and Afghans opposing
peace. Not only they have supported our scheme, but they have voiced readiness
to help bring peace in the country.

[Q] Please tell us whether the activists of this scheme are working in
provinces?

[A] We have people in charge in the capital, provinces, neighbouring countries,
USA, Canada and Europe and fortunately they are voluntarily taking up the
procedure. This procedure belongs to all Afghans and all strata are playing a
part in the peace scheme.

[Q] How can one join this process?

[A] It is a completely national process, one can join it by justifying and
supporting it and anyone and any party, including the leadership of this
process, can be an activist in the future government by playing an active part
in this process.

[Q] What is the role in this process for women and young people?

[A] Our active sisters are really playing an appropriate role across the country
and even abroad and our young people are really playing a visible role and they
are working within the process in provinces and abroad.

[Q] Why are these activities not presented to the media?

[A] I think it will be better to work instead of showing it off. Let's leave
everything to pass its natural and national path. Actually, it is a completely
Afghan procedure. Therefore, one should look at it with patience as some issues
by the media will make one sceptical.

[Q] As the last question, what is your message to the government and people?

[A] I want them to work for peace, the people and government officials can come
to a conclusion through inter-Afghan negotiations and it is better for us to be
pioneers rather than waiting for outsiders.

[Q] Thank you

Source: Arman-e Melli, Kabul, in Dari 8 Mar 09

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 17, 1979, Tuesday, Final Edition


Maryland Moves to Tumble 'Circle of Gold' Pyramid

BYLINE: By Art Harris, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; C3

LENGTH: 475 words


Maryland officials said yesterday they will crack down on the "Circle of Gold"
pyramid operation, a get-rich-quick scheme that has swept through suburbia's
black middle class, luring $100 investors with the possibility of a $200,000
return.

"Our policy regarding the Circle of Gold is that it's illegal and if anyone is
participating in it, we will take whatever steps necessary . . . and proceed
against them," said Jeffrey Werner, Maryland's assistant attorney gernal for
consumer protection.

U.S. Postal authorities said yesterday that they also planned to step up
investigations into the popular pyramid scheme, similar to a chain letter, that
they say violates federal mail fraud statutes.  Promoters "can make all the
statements they want about how legal it is, but chain letters have been illegal
for some time," said one official.  "We are going to pursue this Circle of
Gold."

A District of Columbia consumer protection official estimated that as many as
30,000 people may have invested locally in the pyramid operation and said he
would recommend that the corporation counsel follow the strategy pioneered by
Maryland officials and thwart the scheme by obtaining blanket injunctions.

Werner, who last spring successfully obtained a statewide injunction against two
"Circle of Gold" promoters under state lottery statutes in Frederick County
Circuit Court, said yesterday that Maryland investor-promoters whose activities
were detailed in The Washington Post's Sunday editions would receive a stiff
warning.

"We will notify the people mentioned in the article by sending them a copy of
the outstanding injunction and tell them that any further activity in the Circle
of Gold would be in violation of it and could make them liable for contempt of
court," he said.

The "Circle of Gold" is similar to the Ponzi scheme of the 1920s that lured
lower-middle-class workers desperate for riches.  But this California-bred
version is aimed at doctors, lawyers, business-types, government workers -
respectable members of the middle class who host parties where they serve
Chablis and hors d'oeuvres and pitch the scheme to friends and associates as a
sure-fire way to get rich.

Investors are urged to buy a list with 12 names and addresses for $100 and
recruit two new memberes, each of whom also invest $100.  Members pay half their
$100 investment to the person who sold them the list, mail $50 to the name on
the top of the list and put name on the bottom.

As new members are recruited and their names move to the top of the list,
participants believe they can receive $50 bills from a multitude of perfect
strangers.  But such pryamid schemes usually break down, with original investors
making money as those on down the line, whose pockets are inevitably picked,
find it harder and harder to sell the lists, say authorities.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1979 The Washington Post


                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2015 Thursday

Pharmacist Sentenced In Manhattan Federal Court To 36 Months In Prison For
Multimillion-Dollar Medicare/Medicaid Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 503  words

DATELINE: Albany


United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York has issued
the following press release:

Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
announced that PURNA CHANDRA ARAMALLA was sentenced today to 36 months in
prison, and ordered to pay over $7 million in restitution, for conducting a
scheme to defraud Medicaid, Medicare, and the New York State-funded AIDS Drug
Assistance Program ("ADAP") through the purchase and sale of illegally diverted
prescription drugs, including HIV medication. ARAMALLA was also sentenced for
tax evasion. He was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Paul A. Crotty.

Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "Purna Aramalla's prescription drug
diversion scheme defrauded millions of dollars from programs established to
provide health care assistance for the elderly and indigent. The scheme also
jeopardized the health of anyone induced to sell his or her prescription or
medication, and anyone who unwittingly purchased repackaged drugs."

ARAMALLA, a pharmacist, owned and operated A Fair Deal Pharmacy Inc. in Queens,
New York, and Quality Drug Inc. in the Bronx, New York. Using these pharmacies,
ARAMALLA carried out a multimillion-dollar scheme to defraud the New York State
Medicaid, Medicare, and ADAP programs through the sale of diverted prescription
drugs, that is, drugs not obtained from legitimate sources.

As part of the scheme, ARAMALLA purchased prescription drugs, including
high-cost medications used to treat HIV, that were obtained from patients who
sold the drugs rather than use them to treat their illnesses. ARAMALLA then
repackaged and resold those prescription drugs to his customers, as if they were
new drugs obtained from legitimate sources. ARAMALLA requested and received
reimbursement from Medicaid, Medicare, and ADAP in connection with these sales,
even though these programs would not have been willing to reimburse the cost of
second-hand drugs. In addition, in some cases, these programs had already paid
for the prescription drugs when they were initially dispensed. In order to make
the diverted drugs appear to be new drugs from legitimate sources, ARAMALLA and
his co-conspirators used lighter fluid and other means to dissolve the adhesive
on the patient labels on prescription bottles so that they could be removed and
replaced with new labels.

ARAMALLA also sought and obtained reimbursement for prescription drugs that were
never actually dispensed to patients. Instead, customers with prescriptions for
drugs essentially "sold" their prescriptions to ARAMALLA, agreeing not to take
delivery of the drugs in exchange for a share of the reimbursed proceeds.

From January 2010 to September 2013, ARAMALLA's pharmacies received more than
$10 million in reimbursements from Medicaid, Medicare, and ADAP that cannot be
accounted for by ARAMALLA's purchases from legitimate wholesalers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                           January 27, 2016 Wednesday

SME support schemes must help boost competitiveness too: MP;
New frontbenchers Koh Poh Koon and Chee Hong Tat also address the changes needed
to the business culture here

BYLINE: Lee U-Wen , SME support schemes must help boost competitiveness too: MP

SECTION: GOVERNMENT & ECONOMY; Top Stories; PARLIAMENT

LENGTH: 646 words


Singapore

IT is time for the government to do away with "generic" support schemes that
subsidise the cost of doing business rather than address their underlying lack
of competitiveness, said People's Action Party Member of Parliament Foo Mee Har
on Tuesday.

Speaking during the debate on the President's address, the West Coast GRC MP and
chief executive officer of the Wealth Management Institute had some suggestions
for the Committee on the Future Economy:

"Future schemes should focus on helping firms create new, innovative and
differentiated products and services that are truly competitive
internationally," she said.

Any scheme introduced from now on should also be tailored at sectoral level and
streamlined for easy access, the former banker added.

The second-term MP, who entered politics in 2011, called on the government to
reflect on the "heavy reliance" on multinational companies to bring technology
and expertise to Singapore, and stressed that it was necessary for the country
to make a concerted effort to invest in indigenous Singapore technology.

She also suggested giving incentives to large Singapore corporations with
overseas projects so that they would bring along some smaller local suppliers as
part of their international expansion plans.

This way, small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) can kick-start their
overseas venture, said Ms Foo, echoing calls by several other MPs in the last
two days for more help to be given to local firms so they can take wing abroad.

She urged the government to mandate that companies with an "unusually high"
dependence on foreign Employment Pass holders submit a detailed plan on how they
intend to train and develop Singaporeans for those jobs.

She also spoke about the need to foster a culture that is "more tolerant of
mistakes, where failure is less stigmatised and missteps are seen as learning
opportunities".

"No successful Silicon Valley entrepreneur is ashamed to tell you of his
mistakes. Instead, they are proud to tell the tale of how they picked themselves
up, dusted themselves off and bounced back from adversity. They are willing to
try again because 'failure' is not a bad word," she said.

Among the eight first-term MPs who addressed the House on Tuesday were two new
office-holders, Koh Poh Koon and Chee Hong Tat.

Dr Koh, the Minister of State for Trade and Industry, emphasised that, apart
from helping established SMEs to transform, the government had to rethink ways
of supporting entrepreneurs and building a vibrant start-up ecosystem here.

"Start-ups, particularly those with high-growth potential, are an important
source of innovation in our economy, and help to rejuvenate our business
landscape," he said in his debut parliamentary speech.

Dr Koh, a colorectal surgeon before his political appointment, said that the
government was "acutely aware" of the pains that SMEs are going through on this
journey of economic transformation.

"We are prepared to walk this path with them. We will continue to provide strong
support to SMEs that are prepared to transform and enhance their businesses," he
said.

"We will work closely with trade associations and the business community to
ensure that our SMEs continue to succeed. We will seek new growth industries to
set the stage for our future economy."

Mr Chee, the Minister of State for Communications and Information and Health,
listed three things Singapore had to do in order to encourage greater innovation
and enterprise.

First, problems should be viewed as opportunities to develop new solutions and
discover new breakthroughs.

Second, there needs to be more risk-taking and experimentation, and lastly,
Singapore must remain open and connected to the rest of the world.

A total of 16 MPs spoke on Tuesday, taking the total to 33 so far over the first
two days of the debate. The sitting continues on Wednesday at 1.30pm and will
wrap up on Friday.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MP Foo Mee Har said that future support schemes should be aimed at
firms which create innovative products and services.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2017 Monday

Washington: Second Chicago Man Sentenced in Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 366  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 John W. Vaudreuil, United States Attorney for the Western District of
Wisconsin, announced that Julian Harris, 34, Chicago, was sentenced Friday,
February 4, by U.S. District Judge William M. Conley to 30 months in federal
prison, to be followed by three years of supervised release, for participating
in a counterfeit gift card fraud scheme. Harris pleaded guilty to this charge on
November 1, 2016.



 Harris and his co-conspirator, Fallon Witherspoon, also of Chicago, obtained
prepaid gift cards encoded with stolen credit card or bank account information.
From October to December 2013, Harris and Witherspoon traveled from Chicago to
Wisconsin and used the counterfeit gift cards to purchase legitimate gift cards
and merchandise from Walmart stores in Monroe, La Crosse, Chippewa, Dunn, and
Polk Counties.

 Harris and Witherspoon also traveled to Minnesota and conducted fraudulent
transactions there. They were not charged with these crimes in Minnesota;
however, as part of their guilty pleas, they agreed to pay restitution for all
losses relating to the fraud scheme. As part of his sentence, Harris was ordered
to pay $41,919 in restitution.

 Harris is currently serving an eight-year state sentence for being a felon in
possession of a firearm in Chicago. Additionally, in February 2016, Harris was
convicted of a similar fraud scheme in federal court in the Southern District of
Ohio and was sentenced to 24 months in federal prison. He will serve his time
for the Ohio crime after he completes serving his time for his Illinois crime,
and his sentence in this case will run concurrent to his Ohio sentence.

 The charges against Witherspoon and Harris were the result of an investigation
by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; U.S. Secret Service; Lake Hallie, Tomah,
Menomonie, Sparta, Onalaska, La Crosse, and St. Croix Falls Police Departments;
and with the assistance of Walmart Asset Protection. The prosecution of this
case is being handled by Assistant U.S. Attorney Julie Pfluger.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2017 Monday

Washington: Second Chicago Man Sentenced in Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 366  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 John W. Vaudreuil, United States Attorney for the Western District of
Wisconsin, announced that Julian Harris, 34, Chicago, was sentenced Friday,
February 4, by U.S. District Judge William M. Conley to 30 months in federal
prison, to be followed by three years of supervised release, for participating
in a counterfeit gift card fraud scheme. Harris pleaded guilty to this charge on
November 1, 2016.



 Harris and his co-conspirator, Fallon Witherspoon, also of Chicago, obtained
prepaid gift cards encoded with stolen credit card or bank account information.
From October to December 2013, Harris and Witherspoon traveled from Chicago to
Wisconsin and used the counterfeit gift cards to purchase legitimate gift cards
and merchandise from Walmart stores in Monroe, La Crosse, Chippewa, Dunn, and
Polk Counties.

 Harris and Witherspoon also traveled to Minnesota and conducted fraudulent
transactions there. They were not charged with these crimes in Minnesota;
however, as part of their guilty pleas, they agreed to pay restitution for all
losses relating to the fraud scheme. As part of his sentence, Harris was ordered
to pay $41,919 in restitution.

 Harris is currently serving an eight-year state sentence for being a felon in
possession of a firearm in Chicago. Additionally, in February 2016, Harris was
convicted of a similar fraud scheme in federal court in the Southern District of
Ohio and was sentenced to 24 months in federal prison. He will serve his time
for the Ohio crime after he completes serving his time for his Illinois crime,
and his sentence in this case will run concurrent to his Ohio sentence.

 The charges against Witherspoon and Harris were the result of an investigation
by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; U.S. Secret Service; Lake Hallie, Tomah,
Menomonie, Sparta, Onalaska, La Crosse, and St. Croix Falls Police Departments;
and with the assistance of Walmart Asset Protection. The prosecution of this
case is being handled by Assistant U.S. Attorney Julie Pfluger.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2017 Monday

Washington: Second Chicago Man Sentenced in Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 366  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 John W. Vaudreuil, United States Attorney for the Western District of
Wisconsin, announced that Julian Harris, 34, Chicago, was sentenced Friday,
February 4, by U.S. District Judge William M. Conley to 30 months in federal
prison, to be followed by three years of supervised release, for participating
in a counterfeit gift card fraud scheme. Harris pleaded guilty to this charge on
November 1, 2016.



 Harris and his co-conspirator, Fallon Witherspoon, also of Chicago, obtained
prepaid gift cards encoded with stolen credit card or bank account information.
From October to December 2013, Harris and Witherspoon traveled from Chicago to
Wisconsin and used the counterfeit gift cards to purchase legitimate gift cards
and merchandise from Walmart stores in Monroe, La Crosse, Chippewa, Dunn, and
Polk Counties.

 Harris and Witherspoon also traveled to Minnesota and conducted fraudulent
transactions there. They were not charged with these crimes in Minnesota;
however, as part of their guilty pleas, they agreed to pay restitution for all
losses relating to the fraud scheme. As part of his sentence, Harris was ordered
to pay $41,919 in restitution.

 Harris is currently serving an eight-year state sentence for being a felon in
possession of a firearm in Chicago. Additionally, in February 2016, Harris was
convicted of a similar fraud scheme in federal court in the Southern District of
Ohio and was sentenced to 24 months in federal prison. He will serve his time
for the Ohio crime after he completes serving his time for his Illinois crime,
and his sentence in this case will run concurrent to his Ohio sentence.

 The charges against Witherspoon and Harris were the result of an investigation
by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; U.S. Secret Service; Lake Hallie, Tomah,
Menomonie, Sparta, Onalaska, La Crosse, and St. Croix Falls Police Departments;
and with the assistance of Walmart Asset Protection. The prosecution of this
case is being handled by Assistant U.S. Attorney Julie Pfluger.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                          December 17, 2008 Wednesday
                                  ROP Edition

Galvin subpoenas Madoff;
Secretary of State moves against Wall Street titan accused of $50 billion Ponzi
scheme

BYLINE: Patriot Ledger staff and news services

SECTION: Business; pg. 17

LENGTH: 700 words


BOSTON - Secretary of State William Galvin has issued subpoenas to disgraced
money manager Bernie Madoff's investment firm and a separate company that
marketed Madoff's services to learn the full impact of Madoff's alleged Ponzi
scheme on Massachusetts investors.

Meanwhile, the Securities and Exchange Commission has launched an internal
investigation into the agency's possible mishandling of complaints about
Madoff's investment practices.

Madoff, a well-respected Wall Street wizard, was accused by federal authorities
last week of orchestrating a Ponzi scheme that could have drained as much as $50
billion from investors that included some of the world's biggest banks.

Several investors and philanthropic organizations in Massachusetts are among
those who were harmed in the alleged scam. One of the investors - the Robert I.
Lappin Charitable Foundation, an organization in Salem that funded Jewish
educational programs - abruptly closed and laid off its seven-person staff after
Madoff's assets were frozen as part of the court case.

Galvin issued subpoenas on Monday to Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities in
New York and Cohmad Securities Corp., which marketed Madoff's firm to investors.

Galvin is asking for the names of all investors with personal or business
addresses in Massachusetts who invested money with Cohmad or Bernard L. Madoff
Investment Securities. Galvin also wants a detailed description of Cohmad's
relationship with Madoff's firm, including all compensation related to that
relationship, and the names of all accountants who audited Madoff's financial
statements.

Madoff was arrested on fraud charges last Thursday. A criminal complaint says
that for years Madoff paid returns to investors out of money he got from newer
clients. That's the way a traditional Ponzi scheme, or pyramid scheme, works -
but some experts say this could be the biggest Ponzi scheme in history.

Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Christopher Cox issued a statement
on Tuesday night saying that allegations of Madoff's financial wrongdoing date
back to at least 1999 and were repeatedly brought to the attention of the SEC's
staff. Cox said he is "gravely concerned" by the failure of SEC staffers to
investigate the complaints, and has ordered an internal investigation into the
SEC's handling of the complaints.

Of particular concern to Cox is the fact the SEC previously didn't use its
subpoena power to investigate Madoff and instead relied on information provided
voluntarily by Madoff and his firm.

Many of the investors allegedly swindled by Madoff are, like him, Jewish, and
for many of them, contributing to Jewish causes is a crucial part of their
culture. The effect of their losses on the Jewish philanthropic world is being
seen as nothing less than catastrophic.

"It's the biggest scandal in philanthropic life in, well, as long as anyone can
remember," said Gary Tobin, a leading expert on Jewish philanthropy. "We don't
know yet how big it is. There are foundations that have lost major assets,
donors that have lost their ability to give, and organizations whose investments
have disappeared."

The names of organizations and individuals allegedly affected include: a charity
of director Steven Spielberg, a trust tied to real estate magnate and New York
Daily News owner Mortimer Zuckerman, Spielberg's Dreamworks partner Jeffrey
Katzenberg, and the foundation of Nobel laureate Elie Wiesel. Many family
foundations up and down the East Coast have been devastated - among them the
Shapiro Family Foundation in Boston, which is said to have lost $145 million.

Some of the major and local investors involved:

Fairfield Greenwich Group, $7.5 billion

Grupo Santander SA, $3.2 billion

Rye Investment Management (part of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Co.),
$3.1 billion.

Bank Medici, $2.1 billion

Fortis Bank Nederland, $1.35 billion

HSBC Holdings PLC, $1 billion

Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC, owner of Citizens Bank, $612 million

Tremont Capital Management (also part of Mass Mutual), $200 million

Fairfield (Conn.) Town Employees Board and Police and Fire Board, $41.9 million

Robert I. Lappin Charitable Foundation, a Massachusetts-based Jewish education
foundation, $8 million

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: William Galvin,

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Patriot Ledger


                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Claiborne County Progress, Tazewell, Tenn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 22, 2012 Tuesday

Attorney and developer convicted in $6 million mortgage fraud scheme

BYLINE: Marisa Anders, Claiborne County Progress, Tazewell, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 537 words


May 22--KNOXVILLE, Tenn. -- Jerry Kerley, 58, of Kodak, Tenn., and Jeffrey
Whaley, 48, of Sevierville, Tenn., were convicted last week by a jury in U.S.
District Court in Knoxville of all counts in an indictment against them,
including wire fraud, bank fraud, money laundering and conspiracy to commit wire
fraud and bank fraud.

Kerley and Whaley were charged with conspiring to defraud Citizens Bank, in New
Tazewell, Tenn., and SunTrust Mortgage, Inc., in Richmond, Va., through a
mortgage fraud scheme.

The conspiracy involved a "straw borrower" mortgage fraud scheme in which
individuals were induced to obtain mortgage loans in their names based on
promises that they would not have to make a down payment or mortgage payments
for the property, would receive cash at closing, and would share in the profit
following a resale of the property. Part of the conspiracy involved making
materially false representations to Citizens Bank and SunTrust Mortgage, which,
among other things, included false representations related to the straw
borrowers' source of funds for down payments and amounts recorded as "cash from
borrower" on HUD-1 Settlement Statements and loan applications, for the purpose
of inducing Citizens Bank and SunTrust Mortgage to disburse the mortgage loan
proceeds it had wired to and entrusted with Kerley's title company Guaranty Land
Title.

In eight real estate transactions, Kerley and Whaley concealed from Citizens
Bank and SunTrust Mortgage that the borrower did not provide the money at
closing identified as the "cash from borrower" on the HUD-1 Settlement
Statement. In those eight transactions, Citizens Bank and SunTrust Mortgage, in
total, wired more than $6 million in loan proceeds to Guaranty Land Title
Company for disbursement. Kerley and Whaley were also charged with money
laundering offenses through financial transactions that involved proceeds from
the mortgage fraud scheme.

Kerley, a Tennessee licensed attorney, was the owner of Guaranty Land Title
Company where the fraudulent loans were closed. Whaley conducted business
through a company known as GBO Enterprises which received substantial sums of
money from the loan proceeds.

The Honorable Thomas W. Phillips, U.S. District Judge, scheduled Kerley's and
Whaley's sentencings for September 27, 2012. For their wire fraud, bank fraud
and conspiracy convictions, Kerley and Whaley could receive sentences of up to
to 30 years in prison and a $1,000,000 fine for each count of conviction. For
their money laundering convictions, both could receive sentences of up to10
years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Both are also subject to the imposition of
an order of forfeiture for any proceeds obtained from the fraud and an order of
restitution for losses sustained by Citizens Bank and SunTrust Mortgage.

This investigation was conducted jointly by the Internal Revenue Service,
Criminal Investigation, Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the United States
Secret Service. Assistant U.S. Attorneys Trey Hamilton and Zac Bolitho
represented the government.

___ (c)2012 the Claiborne County Progress (Tazewell, Tenn.) Visit the Claiborne
County Progress (Tazewell, Tenn.) at www.claiborneprogress.net Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120522-1TZ-Attorney-and-developer-convicted-in-6-million-mortgage-fraud-scheme
-0522-20120522

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1TZ


           Copyright 2012 Claiborne County Progress, Tazewell, Tenn.


                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             January 9, 2009 Friday

The Nation: Sen. Bond won't seek re-election

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 340 words


JEFFERSON CITY,

MO.

Sen. Bond

won't seek

re-election

Republican Sen. Kit Bond announced Thursday that he will not seek re-election in
2010, saying he wants to go out "at the top of my game" and setting the stage
for what one expert said could be a "land rush" for the seat.

Bond, 69, made the announcement at the state Capitol, shortly after Missouri
lawmakers convened.

"Public service has been a blessing and a labor of love for me ... but I have
decided that my Senate career will end after this, my fourth term," he said.

BUFFALO, N.Y.

Man, 82, accused

of Ponzi scheme

An 82-year-old businessman was charged Thursday with running a Ponzi scheme that
took in at least $17 million from a clientele gleaned largely through ads in
Catholic newspapers.

Richard Piccoli of suburban Buffalo declined to comment after appearing in
federal court on a criminal complaint charging him with mail fraud. He was
ordered to return Tuesday for arraignment.

He could face up to 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted.

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission moved to freeze the assets of
Piccoli and his 33-year-old company, Gen-See Capital Corp.

ATLANTA

Salmonella outbreak

hits 42 states

A nationwide salmonella outbreak that has struck 42 states has put about one in
five of its victims in the hospital, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention said Thursday.

Nearly 400 people have become ill in the outbreak that might have killed one
person. An elderly woman in Minnesota had the infection when she died, although
it's not clear salmonella was the cause, a health department spokesman there
said.

The same type of salmonella bacteria has been lab-confirmed in 388 cases
nationwide, said the CDC, which is leading the investigation but has not yet
released the list of states or determined which foods may have caused people to
become sick.

However, health officials in California, Georgia, Illinois, Michigan, Minnesota,
North Dakota and Ohio have confirmed cases. Ohio and California reported the
most, with 51 cases each.

Herald wire services

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

Man charged In Post Office Scheme

LENGTH: 665  words

DATELINE: Raleigh


United States Attorney's Office for the western District of North Carolina has
issued the following press release:

A federal grand jury returned a criminal indictment today against Jimmy Lee
Williams, 47, charging him with 29 felony charges in connection with a
fraudulent check fraud scheme that allegedly netted more than $650,000 in
postage stamps and other merchandise, announced Jill Westmoreland Rose, Acting
U.S. Attorney for the Western District of North Carolina. Williams is also known
by several aliases including Jimmy Williamson.

Thomas L. Noyes, Inspector in Charge of the Charlotte Division of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service; John A. Strong, Special Agent in Charge of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), Charlotte Division; and B.W. Collier,
Acting Director of the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation join Acting
U.S. Attorney Rose in making todays' announcement.

According to allegations contained in the indictment, in two separate time
periods between November 2010 to present, Williams used two different networks
of conspirators to defraud U.S. Post Offices and other businesses in the
Southeast region. According to the indictment, Williams provided counterfeit
checks and fake identification to his 16 accomplices, who used them to buy
postage stamps, gift cards and other merchandise from U.S. Post Offices, retail
stores and warehouses throughout North and South Carolina, Virginia, Maryland
and the District of Columbia.

According to the indictment, Williams and/or his accomplices purchased postage
stamps and other goods with a total face value of more than $650,000 using
counterfeit or fraudulent checks. In the first scheme, Williams used counterfeit
checks manufactured by Ronald Carr, who was charged last year in a related case
with bank fraud and defrauding the United States. In the second scheme, Williams
used checks drawn on his own closed accounts and the bank accounts of
accomplices he met in prison and through youth football leagues in the Concord,
North Carolina area. One such accomplice, Javorick Moore, was convicted in a
related case in 2014 in the Eastern District of Virginia of defrauding the post
office and other offenses. In both schemes, Williams' accomplices gave the
stamps they obtained to Williams, who then sold them to an Internet company in
California as well as a North Carolina pawn shop, typically for 50%-70% of the
face value. Williams carried out the first scheme while released on bond for a
violation of a condition of supervised release arising from a previous federal
conviction.

Williams has been charged with two counts of conspiracy which each carry a
maximum prison term of five years and a $250,000 fine; five counts of making &
counterfeit securities which carry a maximum of 10 years in prison and a
$250,000 fine per count; five counts of theft of government property which carry
a maximum of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine per count; five counts of
receiving stolen government property which carry a maximum of 10 years in prison
and a $250,000 fine per count; five counts of scheme to obtain bank property
which carry a maximum of 30 years in prison and a $1 million fine per count;
three counts of interstate transportation of stolen property which carry a
maximum of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine per count; and one count of
concealment money laundering which carries a maximum of 20 years in prison and a
$500,000 fine.

Williams is currently in federal custody. He will be ordered to appear in court
on the charges in the coming days.

The charges contained in the indictment are allegations. The defendant is
presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a
court of law.

USPIS, the FBI, and NC SBI investigated the case. Assistant U.S. Attorney
Michael Savage, of the U.S. Attorney's Office in Charlotte, is prosecuting the
case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 11, 2014 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Despite Exposure of Madoff Fraud, New Schemes Emerge

BYLINE: By ELIZABETH OLSON

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; DEALBOOK; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1121 words


When the money was rolling in from investors, Scott W. Rothstein, a lawyer in
Fort Lauderdale, Fla., bought his wife, Kimberly, more than $1 million in
jewelry, including an opulent 12-carat yellow diamond ring. He lived in a
multimillion-dollar waterfront mansion and regularly wrote big checks to
charities and politicians.

But the good life ended in 2009, when the government accused him of defrauding
investors of up to $400 million with a Ponzi scheme based on selling stakes in
legal settlements. Both Rothsteins went to jail.

Their high-flying lifestyle goes hand in hand with masterminds of Ponzi schemes
-- named after the American fraudster Charles Ponzi who bilked investors a
century ago. And despite efforts by the authorities, particularly after the
unmasking of Bernard L. Madoff in 2008 in the largest Ponzi scheme in history,
these frauds still surface distressingly often around the country. State and
federal financial regulators say a new Ponzi scheme operator is found nearly
every week, and legal actions are brought against about 100 such questionable
investment operations every year.

''Every other day, you see new schemes uncovered that involve big dollar
amounts,'' said Jordan D. Maglich, a Tampa, Fla., lawyer who follows Ponzi
schemes. He started ponzitracker.com in 2009 after working with his law firm to
help recover the $350 million that a Sarasota, Fla., hedge fund manager, Arthur
G. Nadel, defrauded from investors, and realized there was no central point of
information on such frauds.

Over the last five years, Mr. Maglich said, he has followed about 500 Ponzi
schemes on his site, which includes links to legal documents, including those
filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission, which posts some of them on its
website; the Commodity Futures Trading Commission; and state financial
authorities.

Such swindles are largely viewed as distasteful cousins in the high-rolling
world of securities, but they still rake in amounts that could be envied on Wall
Street. In May alone, at least nine newly discovered Ponzi schemes were claimed
to involve more than $96 million, said Kathy Bazoian Phelps, a Los Angeles
lawyer who keeps a running tally on her blog.

''The numbers are extraordinary,'' said Ms. Phelps, who co-wrote ''The Ponzi
Book: A Legal Resource for Unraveling Ponzi Schemes,'' ''and the totals for
earlier months this year were even higher.''

In April, for example, the S.E.C. charged Neal V. Goyal, a Chicago investment
adviser, in a $11.4 million scheme in which Mr. Goyal lost money in initial
trades, but hid the losses by paying original investors with proceeds from newer
recruits. He also used the money for an array of purchases -- two homes,
expensive jewelry, watches, artwork and a staff vacation at a luxury Caribbean
resort -- and to invest in a local tavern and two children's clothing stores
that his wife owned, according to government documents.

The S.E.C. brought charges in June against a Sarasota, Fla., private fund
manager, Gaeton S. Della Penna, known as Guy, who gathered $3.8 million from
investors, but spent it on bad investments and diverted more than $1 million to
pay the mortgage on a 10,000-square-foot home and to subsidize a girlfriend.

Another Ponzi scheme organizer, Brian R. Callahan, who lived lavishly on Long
Island, pleaded guilty in April to securities and wire fraud after collecting
$118 million from dozens of investors, including a local fire department, who
were told their money would go into mutual funds, hedge funds and securities,
according to the S.E.C. He invested instead in a beachfront resort and spent
money on lavish residences and cars. He is facing up to 40 years in prison.

The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the industry-funded watchdog
founded in 2007, also pursues Ponzi offenders. One, Oren E. Sullivan Jr., of
Rock Hill, S.C., misappropriated some $3.7 million in a decades-long scheme that
tapped the assets of 15 widows, two Alzheimer's sufferers and a developmentally
impaired person. A number of the 30 victims were more than 80 years old.

The authority also expelled the Washington firm Success Trade Securities from
its membership and barred the firm's chief executive, Fuad Ahmed, for creating a
Ponzi scheme. The firm and Mr. Ahmed were ordered last month to pay almost $14
million in restitution to 59 investors, many of whom are current and former
National Football League or National Basketball Association players.

On the state level, Ponzi schemes were the third-most-frequent source of state
enforcement actions in 2012, according to the most recent totals from the North
America Securities Administrators Association.

The C.F.T.C.'s enforcement actions jumped 45 percent in the 2011 fiscal year,
prompting Bart Chilton, a former C.F.T.C. commissioner, to write the book,
''Ponzimonium: How Scam Artists Are Ripping Off America,'' to tell the stories
of 10 schemes in 2009.

''Such mini-Madoff scams are taking place across the nation,'' said Mr. Chilton,
now an adviser to the DLA Piper law firm. ''People were getting ripped off with
a lot of foreign exchange deals, which are not as complicated as options, and
commodities pools,'' Mr. Chilton said, ''and they were losing money they had set
aside for college funds or health care expenses or retirement.''

Many Ponzi operators like Mr. Della Penna find investors among people they meet
at church or at country or sports clubs. ''There is an embedded trust factor
that gets abused in these affinity frauds, and normal due diligence goes out the
window,'' said Christopher T. Marquet, who runs an investigative and litigation
support firm in Boston and wrote a report on major Ponzi investment fraud cases
from 2002 to 2011.

Diana J. Foley, the administrator of the Nevada Securities Division, said she
saw such fraudulent schemes every day, and noted that ''with the state of
current returns on investments, there's an environment for these people to
operate.''

And many have a veneer of prosperity that can be persuasive to investors, she
said.

''Individuals who promote Ponzi schemes can be very adept and convincing,'' Ms.
Foley said. ''They live in a nice house and drive nice cars and appear to be
very successful. I can't think of a case where there weren't some trappings of
success.''

No matter how great the returns sound, make sure the investment adviser is
legitimately registered, Mr. Chilton advised.

''The rates of return promised are dazzling, but we need to step back and do our
due diligence,'' he said. ''And if you can't recall the red flags for swindlers,
just remember what your mother told you not to do -- like don't take candy from
strangers.''

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL:
http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2014/07/10/despite-exposure-of-madoff-fraud-new-ponz
i-schemes-emerge/

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Scott W. Rothstein, a lawyer in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., was
accused in 2009  of defrauding investors of up to $400 million in a Ponzi
scheme.(PHOTOGRAPH BY CHARLES TRAINOR Jr./MIAMI HERALD)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

2 county men indicted in 'boiler room' scheme;
Suspects defrauded investors by phone, federal officials say.

BYLINE:  By Julius Whigham II   Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 227 words


Two southern Palm Beach County men were among 13 people indicted in a securities
fraud scheme that took about $23 million from hundreds of investors, the U.S.
Attorney's Office said Monday.

Jack Willard Sini, 57, of Boynton Beach, and Keith Houlihan, 48, of Boca Raton,
were named in the indictment handed down by a Miami grand jury.

Authorities say the men were involved in a "boiler room" scheme, using telephone
sales to defraud more than 700 investors. The fraud schemes operated out of
Miami Lakes and California.

Authorities say the suspects used false and fraudulent claims to solicit
investors to buy shares of stock in Sanomedics, a company that sold noncontact
infrared thermometers for home health care and dogs.

The alleged fraud occurred from April 2009 to August 2015, the U.S. Attorney's
Office said.

Also named in the indictment were Martin Miller, 74, of Miami Beach; James Wayne
Long, 60, of Miramar; Miguel Mesa, 56, of Miami Lakes; Craig Sizer, 48, of
Miami; Juan M. Perez Ortega, 46, of Miami Lakes; Shawna Leigh Lynch, 44, of Fort
Lauderdale; Charles David Smigrod, 41, of Coconut Grove; Jason David
Hershberger, 39, of Fort Lauderdale; and Matthew William Wheeler, 32, of Miami.

From August 2014 to December 2015, Sini allegedly also was part of a fraud
scheme to sell shares of stock in a company that claimed to own a smartphone
gaming portfolio.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 19, 2012 Wednesday

Raiders staunch in defense of their run blocking scheme

BYLINE: By Jerry McDonald jmcdonald@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Breaking; Raiders; News; Football

LENGTH: 719 words


ALAMEDA -- If the Raiders were as aggressive at the point of attack as they are
at defending their zone blocking scheme, they would probably gain a few yards.

Through two games, star running back Darren McFadden is stuck in the mud. He's
totaled 56 yards on 24 carries, with no gain longer than eight yards, and the
Raiders rank 31st in the league in rushing (out of 32 teams).

Judging from fan reaction on blogs, message boards and Twitter, the primary
culprit is the same blocking philosophy that Hue Jackson de-emphasized in 2010
when he took over the offense and jump-started McFadden's NFL career.

Meanwhile, coach Dennis Allen remains undeterred. Gap and power blocking systems
are out. Zone blocking -- which some critics term more finesse-oriented -- is in
for the long haul. Things won't get easier Sunday when the Raiders host the
Pittsburgh Steelers, a team that last surrendered more than 100 yards per game
rushing in 2003.

"I've got all the confidence in the world in our running game," Allen said
Wednesday. "I've seen it work. It's been successful in this league, and we've
got the right personnel to get it done."

Allen saw it work Sunday, when Miami's Reggie Bush found running lanes off zone
schemes and rushed for 172 yards and two touchdowns against the Raiders. Allen
hired offensive coordinator Greg Knapp and line coach Frank Pollack from
Houston, where running back Arian Foster has gained 2,840 yards over the past
two seasons.

The Raiders were a zone blocking team from 2007 through 2009, with players being
responsible for clearing a gap or an area rather than a specific defender.

The offense did great things for Justin Fargas, who had a career year in 2009
with 1,009 yards on 222 carries. McFadden, however struggled for two seasons. In
25 games, he rushed for 856 yards on 217 carries, averaging 3.9 yards per
attempt. He had only one game over 90 yards rushing.

Jackson, upon arrival, immediately went to McFadden and asked for his favorite
running plays, including non-zone runs.

In 20 games with Jackson as the play-caller, first as offensive coordinator and
then head coach, McFadden gained 1,771 yards, averaged 5.1 yards per carry and
had more than 90 yards rushing 11 times.

There were extenuating circumstances, most notably a string of injuries that
included turf toe on both feet, minor knee surgery and a bum shoulder that
required postseason surgery in 2009.

There hasn't been a peep of complaint out of McFadden about the return of the
zone scheme, which requires a runner to have a moment of patience before putting
a foot in the ground and cutting to an open lane.

"Going with the zone scheme is one of those situations where you're going to
have to keep hitting it until you get going," McFadden said. "It's going to be
one yard here or two yards there, but eventually it's going to start popping."

Critics contend the zone scheme lacks aggression in some instances and can bog
down in the red zone or in short-yardage. Or that it is a running system built
on finesse instead of power.

"We're not playing laterally," Pollack said. "It's not a soft scheme. We're
coming off the ball, north and south, it's just how we're accomplishing our
scheme where we're not staying on specific defenders. We're working through
gaps, sorting out the trash if you will, and going downhill."

The Raiders' problems, Allen believes, are related to execution and not scheme.
The middle of the Raiders offensive line, which included center Stefen
Wisniewski in his first game after recovering from a calf injury, struggled
against Dolphins interior defensive linemen Paul Soliai and Randy Starks.

Right tackle Khalif Barnes departed with a groin injury in favor of Willie
Smith, who joined the Raiders just before the start of the regular season.

"It's going to take some time to be a cohesive group where they can work
together and understand how we're going to fit with certain fronts and stunts,"
Allen said.

Left guard Cooper Carlisle, who played on coach Mike Shanahan's zone-blocking
teams in Denver, said, "I'm a believer in the system. I have confidence in it,
and I think most guys have confidence in it. We just haven't hit any big runs."

For more on the Raiders, visit the Inside the Oakland Raiders blog
atibabuzz.com/oaklandraiders . Follow Jerry McDonald on Twitter
atTwitter.com/Jerrymcd .

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Oakland Raiders' Darren McFadden (20) runs against San Diego Chargers
Demorrio Williams (58) in the second quarter at the O.co Coliseum in Oakland,
Calif. on Monday, Sept. 10, 2012. (Nhat V. Meyer/Staff)
Oakland Raiders' Darren McFadden (20) runs against the San Diego Chargers in the
first quarter at the O.co Coliseum in Oakland, Calif. on Monday, Sept. 10, 2012.
(Nhat V. Meyer/Staff)
Oakland Raiders' Darren McFadden (20) runs against San Diego Chargers' Takeo
Spikes (51) in the third quarter at the O.co Coliseum in Oakland, Calif. on
Monday, Sept. 10, 2012. (Nhat V. Meyer/Staff)
Oakland Raiders' Darren McFadden (20) runs against San Diego Chargers' Takeo
Spikes (51) in the third quarter at the O.co Coliseum in Oakland, Calif. on
Monday, Sept. 10, 2012. (Nhat V. Meyer/Staff)
Oakland Raiders' Darren McFadden (20) runs against San Diego Chargers' Takeo
Spikes (51) in the third quarter at the O.co Coliseum in Oakland, Calif. on
Monday, Sept. 10, 2012. (Nhat V. Meyer/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 06, 1998, Friday, Final Edition

Investment Club Ruled Ponzi Scheme; Judge Rules Leader of District-Based 'Better
Life' Must Repay $25.8 Million

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G03

LENGTH: 447 words


A federal judge ordered the head of an investment club billed as a self-help
group for blacks and other minorities to pay about $ 25.8 million in ill-gotten
gains, a regulatory agency said yesterday.

Judge Thomas Hogan of U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia on Feb.
27 granted the Securities and Exchange Commission its motion for summary
judgment on all of its claims against Robert Taylor and his Better Life Club of
America Inc., the SEC said.

The judge held that Taylor and the D.C.-based club engaged in securities fraud
and the unlawful sale of unregistered securities by perpetrating a huge Ponzi
scheme called the Better Life Club "Advertising Pool."

In that pool, "numerous" middle- and working-class people across the country
were bilked out of about $ 25.8 million, the SEC said in litigation papers.

A Ponzi scheme is a fraudulent pyramid-type scheme that lures investors seeking
high-interest-rate returns and uses the funds to pay off earlier investors.

According to the litigation release, the judge wrote: "The net effect . . . is
that hundreds of middle-class, small-scale investors are left holding losses
that exceed $ 25 million."

"Even with such disgorgement and liability, however, it is uncertain that the
investors will ever recoup the full amount of their economic losses," Hogan
said.

The court entered a permanent injunction against Taylor and the club and ordered
them to pay civil penalties to a court-appointed receiver for distribution to
the defrauded investors, the agency said.

Hogan found that Taylor had raised more than $ 45 million from investors in the
pool between Jan. 1, 1993, and Aug. 31, 1995, promising to double each
investor's money in about 90 days, the regulatory agency said.

Through the club's so-called wealth-building seminars, publications and other
promotional efforts, the investors were told that their money would be used to
"advertise Better Life Club 900-lines and to promote other profit-making
business activities."

But what the court found was that almost all of the funds that were going into
the club's accounts were made up of new investments, not of profits from club
activities.

Taylor is serving a 41-month sentence in a federal institution in Petersburg,
Va.

In July 1996, he pleaded guilty to one count of wire fraud and one count of
criminal contempt based on his numerous violations of an asset-freeze order by
Hogan to preserve the investors' funds pending the outcome of the SEC's civil
case.

The wire fraud count was based on Taylor's signing a false mortgage application
in which he overstated his income and failed to disclose the SEC lawsuit against
him.

LOAD-DATE: March 06, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                              April 4, 2011 Monday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

FOLLOW THE EU AND US ON A CARBON PRICE OR WE WILL JUST EXPORT JOBS

BYLINE: SEAMUS FRENCH

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 941  words


Emissions trading in Europe and America is more effective and much less damaging

THERE is one simple fact that highlights the minerals sector's concerns with an
Australian carbon pricing scheme based, as widely expected, on the carbon
pollution reduction scheme.

A new carbon tax, if set at $25 a tonne, will raise more tax from liable
Australian companies in its first three months than the European Union's
emissions trading scheme has generated since its launch more than six years ago.

Think about that. The proposed carbon pricing scheme in the country that
accounts for 1.4 per cent of global emissions is going to generate more tax
revenue in three months than the scheme in the European trading bloc that
accounts for 14 per cent of global emissions has generated in more than six
years.

With a population of 500 million and an economy 16 times larger than
Australia's, the EU has been able to create a functioning carbon market with a
tiny fraction of the tax burden.

The EU is the world's largest exporter. After 2013, when the EU begins to sell
(that is, tax) some permits, firms that produce 73 per cent of European
merchandise exports will be granted up to 100 per cent of their permit liability
free because they are ``at risk of carbon leakage''.

By contrast, just 16 per cent to 19 per cent of Australian goods exports come
from sectors that are classified as ``emissions intensive and trade exposed''
under the CPRS model. In other words, most Australian exports will be paying the
highest carbon costs in the world but without any ability to pass on those
costs.

The impact on jobs will be severe. Let me use an example from my company, Anglo
American. We have planned investments of $4 billion to grow our business in
Australia. Based on our conservative modelling, a carbon pricing scheme as
envisaged by the government would halve the value of these investments. In a
global company such as Anglo American, Australian projects would become less
attractive, putting at risk more than 3000 jobs in regional Queensland and NSW.

The other carbon pricing scheme most frequently cited by the Gillard government
as evidence of global action is the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative, which
applies to power plants in 10 northeastern states of the US. These states,
including New York, Massachusetts and New Jersey, account for almost 20 per cent
of the US economy, about three times the size of the Australian economy, and
about 4 per cent of global emissions. The present carbon price in this scheme is
just $1.89. How much tax has been raised by this scheme during the two years of
its operation? About $790 million, according to a program review published a few
weeks ago. In short, the proposed Australian carbon tax will raise more revenue
in its first month (July next year) than the US regional scheme has generated
since it started in January 2009. Yet legislators in New Hampshire are
threatening to withdraw from the scheme, citing adverse effects on their local
economy.

Why haven't the world's largest carbon emitters sought to maximise taxation
revenues from their carbon pricing schemes?

Because they recognise the true purpose of such a scheme is to send a signal to
emitters that carbon emissions will create a long-term liability and that they
must make a transition in the longer term to a low-carbon economy; because they
recognise such a transition can be achieved only by development of abatement
technology in a 10 to 20-year timeframe; because they recognise such technology
will require investment funding by industry, funding that should not be diverted
to taxation revenue.

So what lessons can we learn from the EU and US to help design a carbon pricing
scheme?

First, a carbon price should be introduced through phased-in auctioning or at a
sufficiently low level for Australia to make the transition to a low-carbon
economy in the long term without destroying jobs in the short term; this is the
only credible and, as we have seen, proven solution to the ``devilish dilemma''
of climate change.

Second, don't give our competitors an unfair advantage. Consider the EU's
approach to shielding trade-exposed industries. The EU has an emissions
intensity test and a trade exposure test. Industries need to meet only one of
those to qualify for free emissions permits. Under the CPRS, however, if an
industry doesn't meet the emission intensity test it is exposed to the full cost
of a carbon price even if firms have no capacity to pass the costs on in
fiercely competitive global markets. Coal exporters met the CPRS test but were
still arbitrarily excluded from free permit allocations.

Third, let's resist the temptation of using an environmental initiative to raise
taxation revenue. A low fixed starting carbon price or a phased-in approach
means lower cost impacts on Australian consumers, reduced need to compensate,
safer export sector jobs and a greater opportunity for industry to invest in
reducing emissions. A carbon pricing scheme focused on maximising taxation
revenue rather than incentivising abatement technology will do little to change
global temperatures by 2020. As Tim Flannery noted: `` If the world as a whole
cut all emissions tomorrow, the average temperature of the planet's not going to
drop for several hundred years, perhaps over 1000 years.''

But such a scheme will cause irreparable damage to our resources-dependent
economy, our global competitiveness and, most importantly, to job creation in
regional Australia.

______________________________

>> Seamus French is chief executive of Anglo American Metallurgical Coal and
chairman of the Minerals Council of Australia climate change committee.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 20, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Super Bowl Score: Giants 39, Broncos 20, Cheaters $85,000

BYLINE: By LEONARD BUDER

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 998 words


Fourteen postal employees and three associates in New York City were accused
yesterday of using their post-office know-how to win a 1987 Super Bowl ''Pick
the Score'' contest.

They were charged in a Federal complaint of pre-dating their entries, and
waiting until after the game to ''predict'' the winning score. They won most of
the $100,000 awarded in the contest. (It's too late to mail entries now, but the
New York Giants beat the Denver Broncos, 39 to 20.) Collected $85,000 in Prize
Money The ''Pick the Score'' contest, sponsored by The Daily News and conducted
by D. L. Blair Inc., of Garden City, L.I., attracted 385,000 entries. Only 167
entries had the correct score, and at least 107 of those were submitted by
postal employees or their associates, officials said. The winners were chosen in
a random drawing from the correct entries.

Of the contest's 14 winners, 8 apparently won through fraudulent means,
collecting a total of $85,000 of the $100,000 in prize money, said Andrew J.
Maloney, the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York. He
said the various schemes appeared to be unrelated.

The authorities stumbled on the scheme when the $50,000 grand prize winner,
Judith Febbraro, had a fight with her boyfriend, a postal employee, and reported
the scam. She was not among those accused in the complaint. #17 Accused in
Scheme The criminal complaint, made public yesterday at the Federal Courthouse
in Brooklyn, accused 14 postal employees and 3 other people of taking part in
schemes intended to enable them to win prizes in the contest. Fifteen defendants
were arrested yesterday; the other two were expected to be arrested shortly.

The defendants are initially being charged with obstruction of the mails, which
carries a possible five-year prison term and a fine of $250,000. But the
authorities said additional charges, including mail fraud, may be brought later.

''This newspaper had complete confidence in the integrity of this contest,''
said F. Gilman Spencer, editor of The Daily News. ''As we understand it, the
only way this contest could have been ripped off was by a fraud engineered
inside the post office by postal employees. And that's exactly what the Justice
Department has charged.''

He said The Daily News's lawyers would conduct a separate inquiry.

The newspaper published an article about the arrests on page 7 of today's
editions under a headline that said, ''14 nabbed in contest scam.'' The article
reported that The News and D. L. Blair had cooperated in the Federal
investigation.

Unrelated, but Similar Schemes

Thomas Conlon, president of D. L. Blair, said that, at present, ''we don't know
if there is a fraud.''

He said his firm, which had been running contests for 30 years, had encountered
a number of attempts by people to fraudulently claim prizes. But, he added, it
had never seen the type of fraud involving postal employees that was outlined in
the Federal complaint.

''Both The Daily News and D. L. Blair have a strong sense of obligation that
none of the legitimate players be disadvantaged,'' he said.

Mr. Maloney said that the accused Postal Service employees worked at five
different postal stations and that they were involved in unrelated but similar
schemes. Many of them, he said, sent in many correct entries, using their own
names and the names of associates.

It was only when all the prize winners got together at a Daily News dinner
attended by Phil Simms, the Giants quarterback, that many discovered that their
co-winners also worked for the Postal Service, according to Postal Inspector
Allan J. O'Neill.

According to the contest rules, all entries had to be postmarked no later than
Jan. 23, 1987, two days before the Super Bowl game was played, and received at
D. L. Blair's Omaha contest address no later than Jan. 30, 1987.

After Ms. Febbraro told the authorities last February that her boyfriend, Paul
Metzner, had mailed in her entry after the game was played, investigators began
checking all the entries with correct scores, the complaint said.

The complaint said an investigation found that many of the envelopes had
''incriminating'' characteristics that showed they had been postmarked empty
before the contest deadline and mailed later. A large number of stamps had also
been canceled with a round ''plug'' type postmark that is not routinely used.

The Federal prosecutor, Mr. Maloney, said the accused employees were also able
to place the envelopes directly in the Nebraska mail bin so they would not be
postmarked again.

These are the people accused in the Federal complaint:

POSTAL EMPLOYEES

Paul Metzner, 35, 121-07 North Conduit Avenue, South Ozone Park, Queens. John F.
Kennedy Airport postal station.
Thomas Metzner, 34, 132-02 82d Street, Ozone Park, Queens, J.F.K. station.
Dinora T. Ramirez, age not given, Elmhurst, Queens, not yet arrested. $25,000
award winner.
Won F. Han, 27, 249 Stockholm Street, Brooklyn, General Post Office.
Dianne M. Lingley, 39, 170 Avenue C, Manhattan, Peter Stuyvesant station, $1,000
award winner.
Craig S. Comenzo, 43, 11-13 123d Street, College Point, Queens, dismissed from
Morgan station in June 1987, $1,000 award winner.
Anthony Ferro, 43, 1801 Gerritsen Avenue, Brooklyn, Morgan station, $1,000 award
winner.
Steven Tuozzolo, age and address not given, not yet arrested.
Vincent Fella, 43, 2414 Butler Place, Bronx, Morgan station.
William C. Small, 3 bans, Queens, J.F.K. station.
David Wong, 27, 63 Minna Street, Brooklyn, Morgan station.
Patrick Wong, 63 Minna Street, Brooklyn, Morgan station.
Mark J. Niciu, 37, Hawthorne, N. Y., Yonkers Main Post Office.
Maritza Martinez, 36, 3073 Park Avenue, Bronx, General Post Office.

OTHERS

Tom Gleason, 43, 157 Avenue C., Manhattan, $5,000 award winner.
Joe Zito, 24, 101-17 84th Street, Ozone Park, Queens, $1,000 award winner.
Joanne Milianta, 23, 91 Tulip Avenue, Floral Park, Queens, $1,000 award winner.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                                 July 15, 1999

GBP 20m will extend pilot drug scheme

BYLINE: By Phil Stubbs

SECTION: Crime: DRUGS/SOLVENT ABUSE, Pg.09

LENGTH: 361 words


A SCHEME piloted in Derby to prevent first-time drug offenders from re
-offending will receive GBP 20m backing from the Government nationwide.

Derbyshire police developed a scheme with local health authorities where arrest
referral workers are employed to offer treatment or counselling to first -time
offenders instead of a caution.

The arrest referral scheme began in 1995 as a national pilot scheme headed by
Derby's Full Street police station, as well as police stations in Manchester and
the south east.

As reported in later editions yesterday, Home Secretary Jack Straw has announced
GBP 20m for the scheme across England and Wales. The scheme will soon be running
at four custodial suites across Derbyshire, at a cost of around GBP 120,000 per
year.

Derbyshire Chief Constable John Newing said: "I welcome the money but I am
waiting to see how it will be administered.

"I am concerned that, if this is money for new schemes alone, then people who
have taken it up already will effectively be penalised.

"If the drug arrest referral schemes are important, I have no objection if the
Government says that the cost has to fall upon the police service.

"But then, there should be new money to pay for it."

Mr Straw said: "Impressive schemes in Derby, London and Greater Manchester have
shown that arrest referral schemes based in local police stations can get drug
offenders into treatment, preventing very significant amounts of crime.

"The GBP 20m I am pledging will assist the police service to meet the
Government's target of doubling the number of schemes this year and providing
coverage for all custody suites by 2002."

The scheme in Derbyshire will be jointly funded by Derbyshire police and either
Northern or Southern Derbyshire Health Authorities until April, 2000.

But, after that, the police will take on the full burden of funding the scheme
unless part of the GBP 20m pot is used for that purpose.

Mick Barker, chairman of Derbyshire Police Federation, said: "This is
exceedingly welcome news. If the Government was expecting the police service to
fund it out of their existing budget, something was going to have to give."

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 1999 Derby Evening Telegraph


                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                             June 30, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

'He discarded me like roadkill': victim; Reaction to massive sentence mixed;
anger turns to regulatory agencies

BYLINE: Thom Weidlich, David Glovin and Patricia Hurtado, Bloomberg News; with
files from Reuters

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 473  words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Victims of Bernard Madoff's $65-billion Ponzi scheme branded him a "beast" who
ruined their lives, reducing at least one to using food stamps, collecting
recyclable cans and scavenging for food in Dumpsters.

Madoff "discarded me like roadkill," said Miriam Siegman, of Stamford,
Connecticut, who spoke Monday at the former money manager's sentencing hearing.

Siegman, who worked for a non-profit organization, invested her savings in
Madoff's pyramid scheme a quarter-century ago after being introduced to him by a
kindly widow working for the American Jewish Congress. She declines to say how
much she lost. But now she believes she is perilously close to becoming homeless
and having to live in her Volvo.

"People ask me, 'How are you?' I answer, 'I'm fine'. But it's not always true,"
she said. "It's only a matter of time. I will be unable to meet my basic needs:
food, health care and shelter. The man sitting in this courtroom robbed me.

"Forgiveness for now will have to come from someone other than me."

Madoff, 71, "shattered my dreams," said Sharon Lissauer, a model who lives in
Manhattan, who told U.S. District Court Judge Denny Chin that the New York
financier destroyed her mother's inheritance.

Victim Sheryl Weinstein, also of Manhattan, was a longtime friend of the money
manager.

She called him "a beast" for losing her investment.

The victims variously called Madoff "a psychopath" and "an evil lowlife."
Several of the victims broke down in tears as they spoke.

Madoff has shown "no remorse," said victim Carla Hirschhorn, of New Jersey. She
told Chin her life is a "living hell."

"Don't fail us," Hirschhorn asked the judge.

"I feel greatly relieved that justice has been done for Mr Madoff. He was
sentenced for life, but we victims are also enduring a life sentence," said
Maureen Ebel, 61, who lost her life savings and retirement fund in the scam.

Irwin Cantor, who invested with Madoff after persuading a friend to introduce
him to the financier, said the sentence meant nothing and complained that there
have not been more arrests in the case.

"It would take an IQ of negative 3 to believe it was a one-man operation," he
said.

Still, the 81-year-old Cantor had one remaining wish for Madoff.

"He (swindled) a lot of Jewish people," Cantor said. "In the Jewish language,
there is a blessing ... which means he should live to be 120. May he do so."

After the hearing, some of the victims expressed mixed feelings, saying they're
now more angry at the government than at Madoff.

"If the American public is satisfied with this sentence and think it's going to
protect then, God help them," Siegman said.

"The important thing is that the American public and the general public
understand that this will happen again and again."

The victims held a rally in Foley Square across from the court, holding signs
that read "Where was The SEC?"

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Chris Hondros, Getty Images; Miriam Siegman told a U.S. court she
was left penniless after she invested her savings with Bernard Madoff. 'The man
sitting in this courtroom robbed me,' she said. 'Forgiveness for now will have
to come from someone other than me.' ;
Colour Photo: Spencer Platt, Getty Images; Model Sharon Lissauer says Madoff's
scheme left her dreams 'shattered.' ;
Colour Photo: Mike Segar, Reuters; Bert Ross, a former mayor from New Jersey,
lost $5 million to Madoff but says the judge 'hit it out of the park' with the
150-year sentence. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            March 26, 2016 Saturday

Cincinnati Man Sentenced for Stealing Special Agents Identity in connection with
eBay and PayPal Scheme

LENGTH: 342  words


ALEXANDRIA, Va.  Rohit Jawa, 25, formerly of Cincinnati, Ohio, was sentenced
today to 48 months in prison for wire fraud and aggravated identity theft.

Jawa pleaded guilty on Nov. 17, 2015. According to court documents, from at
least February 2013 through June 16, 2015, the defendant devised and executed a
complex identity theft scheme to defraud financial institutions, insurance
companies, and others.  The defendant managed numerous PayPal accounts that were
engaged in a scheme to defraud eBay buyers and eBays third-party parcel
insurance company.  During this period, the defendant repeatedly transferred
money representing the proceeds of his fraud scheme from and between accounts he
controlled in victim names to accounts he controlled in his own name.  In
connection with this scheme, the defendant stole the identity of a Special Agent
of the United States Postal Service Office of Inspector General (USPS OIG), and
then used that identity to fraudulently gain access to law enforcement databases
from which he stole personal identifying information of multiple victims. The
defendant then used the identifying information of those individuals to open
further fraudulent financial accounts in their names, without their knowledge or
consent.

Dana J. Boente, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia; Paul M.
Abbate, Assistant Director in Charge of the FBIs Washington Field Office; and
Rico Medina, Deputy Assistant Inspector General for Investigations for USPS OIG,
made the announcement after sentencing by U.S. District Judge Anthony J. Trenga.

This case was investigated by the FBIs Washington Field Office Cyber Task Force.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Whitney Dougherty Russell prosecuted the case.

A copy of this press release may be found on the website of the U.S. Attorneys
Office for the Eastern District of Virginia.  Related court documents and
information may be found on the website of the District Court for the Eastern
District of Virginia or on PACER by searching for Case No. 1:15-cr-239. 2016
Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            December 10, 2006 Sunday

Riverdale couple accused of Ponzi scheme surrenders

LENGTH: 324 words


A Riverdale couple who authorities say were the Utah arm of a $230 million Ponzi
scheme surrendered in Ogden's 2nd District Court on multiple felony charges.

Kerry D. Pipkin, 47, and Laurie Ann Pipkin, 38, appeared before Judge Ernie
Jones Wednesday on charges of securities fraud and theft, both second-degree
felonies, and allegations of being unregistered securities agents and sale of
unregistered securities, both third-degree felonies.

A probable-cause affidavit filed by the Attorney General's Office alleges the
Pipkins, through their business Executive Assets, recruited investors to sink
money into the California-based company dealing in accounts receivables for
latex glove manufacturers in Asia.

They failed to tell their investors -- which included a cousin of Laurie Pipkin
-- that the Securities and Exchange Commission had frozen the assets of the
California company in 2002, documents say. That action was taken by authorities
after it was deemed that the company was not "purchasing accounts receivables
from any latex glove manufacturer; it was running a large Ponzi scheme,"
according to documents.

From 1999 through January 2002, more than $230 million reportedly was raised in
the scheme. Of that amount, documents say, in excess of $100 million was used to
pay other investors to "create the illusion" there was a receivables business.
By the time the promissory note issued to the cousin became due, the Pipkins
advised investors that they had decided to withdraw all their funds from the
program, citing the "political environment between China and the U.S. and the
rest of the world."

By then, two years had passed and the cousin never received the money due for
the last note

Authorities allege Kerry Pipkin funneled the money through two of his other
companies, Crazy Cash and Crazy Money, and that the funds eventually paid credit
card bills, mortgage and child-support payments.

Their next court appearance is Jan. 3.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   InfoWorld

                                  May 12, 1997

IBM encryption scheme holds significant promise

By Ed Golden

SECTION: TOP OF THE NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 323 words

IBM researchers have developed an encryption scheme based on a difficult
 mathematical problem they said can form the basis of unbreakable public-key
 encryption for computer-security systems.

 The scheme -- invented by Miklos Ajtai and Cynthia Dwork at the IBM Almaden
 Research Center in San Jose, Calif. -- is based on a complicated lattice
 problem that they described as being impossible to solve.

 But IBM officials said the scheme is currently more "scientific than
 practical."  Much work remains before a security system based on it can be
 made commercially available, said Ashok Chandra, manager of computer science

 at IBM's Almaden laboratory.  He did not give a timetable for its eventual
 release.

 But even though the announcement was significant, it isn't the last word in
 the area of encryption, analysts said.

 "What they've done represents a significant step forward," said Ted Julian,
 an analyst at International Data Corp., in Framingham, Mass.  "But it's hard

 to believe that the evolutionary process is going to stop here."

 Any claim that the formula is unbreakable "doesn't seem possible," Julian
 said.

 But just because something is unbreakable today doesn't mean it's going to be

 unbreakable in the year 2000, said Larry Dietz, vice president of Zona
 Research, in Redwood City, Calif.  He said the available technology is
 sufficient.

 A technical report by Ajtai and Dwork describing the new encryption system is

 available from IBM.  The company's Web site is at http://www.ibm.com.

 IBM, in Armonk, N.Y., can be reached at (914) 765-1900.

 Ed Golden is the news editor in Boston for the IDG News Service, an InfoWorld

 affiliate.



LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 InfoWorld Media Group


                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 2, 2017 Thursday

Washington: Former Executive of Tenet Healthcare Corporation Charged for Alleged
Role in $400 Million Scheme to Defraud

LENGTH: 1051  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A former senior executive of Tenet Healthcare Corporation, was indicted for his
alleged role in an over $400 million scheme to defraud.  The indictment alleges
that the scheme to defraud victimized the U.S. government, the Georgia and South
Carolina Medicaid Programs, and prospective patients of Tenet hospitals.





 Acting Assistant Attorney General Kenneth A. Blanco of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Special Agent in Charge David J. LeValley of the FBI's
Atlanta Division and Special Agent in Charge Derrick L. Jackson of the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General's (HHS-OIG)
Atlanta Field Office made the announcement.



 John Holland, 60, of Dallas, was charged in an indictment filed on Jan. 24 in
the Southern District of Florida with one count of mail fraud, one count of
health care fraud and two counts of major fraud against the United States.
Holland made an initial appearance today, Feb. 1, at 2:00 p.m. EST before U.S.
Magistrate Judge Edwin G. Torres of the Southern District of Florida.



 According to the indictment, Holland formerly served as a senior vice president
of operations for Tenet Healthcare Corporation's Southern States Region and as
chief executive officer of North Fulton Medical Center Inc. in Roswell, Georgia.
The indictment alleges that from approximately 2000 through 2013, Holland
engaged in a scheme to defraud the United States, and the Georgia and South
Carolina Medicaid Programs, by causing the payment of bribes and kickbacks in
return for the referral of patients to North Fulton Medical Center Inc. and
other Tenet hospitals in the Southern States Region, including Atlanta Medical
Center Inc., Spalding Regional Medical Center Inc. and Hilton Head Hospital.
From approximately 2007 through 2013, Tenet maintained and operated an
affiliated billing center located in Boca Raton, Florida, that assisted in
processing, for payment, Medicaid billings for these hospitals.  Holland took
affirmative steps to conceal the scheme including by circumventing internal
accounting controls and falsifying Tenet's books, records and reports.  These
kickbacks and bribes helped Tenet bill the Georgia and South Carolina Medicaid
Programs over $400 million, and Tenet obtained more than $149 million in
Medicaid and Medicare funds based on the resulting patient referrals, the
indictment alleges.



 According to the allegations, to effectuate the scheme, Holland, among other
things, made false and fraudulent statements to HHS-OIG in connection with
Tenet's 2006 Corporate Integrity Agreement (the CIA), in which he falsely
certified to HHS-OIG that Tenet was in compliance with the terms of
participation in the Medicare and Medicaid Programs, and the terms of the CIA,
when in fact he knew that Tenet was paying for illegal patient referrals.
Holland's certifications were included as part of Tenet's yearly annual reports
that were mailed to the HHS-OIG monitor located in Miami Lakes, Florida.  During
the duration of the CIA from 2007 through 2011, Tenet received over $10 billion
in payments from federal health care programs - monies that Tenet would not have
received had the company been excluded from participation in federal health care
programs, the indictment alleges.



 "These charges underscore our continued commitment to holding both individuals
and corporations accountable>


 "Medicaid patients have the right to seek healthcare without fearing that care
is tainted by bribes and illegal kickbacks," said Special Agent in Charge for
FBI's Atlanta Division LeValley.  "Not only did patients suffer because of these
alleged actions, but this kind of alleged abuse threatens to drive up the cost
of healthcare for everyone.  The FBI is committed to ensuring that federal laws
related to the healthcare industry are enforced, and this case is an example of
that commitment."



 "Health care companies and their executives must bill taxpayer-funded health
programs honestly," Special Agent in Charge Jackson of the HHS Office of
Inspector General.  "Working with our law enforcement partners, our office will
continue to pursue those who attempt to defraud Medicare and Medicaid, as
alleged in this indictment."



 On Oct. 19, 2016, North Fulton Medical Center Inc. and Atlanta Medical Center
Inc. pleaded guilty to conspiring to defraud the United States and to violate
the Anti-Kickback Statute.  Tenet subsidiary Tenet HealthSystem Medical Inc. and
its subsidiaries (THSM) also entered into a non-prosecution agreement (NPA) with
the government at that time.  Under the terms of the NPA, THSM and Tenet will
avoid prosecution if they, among other requirements, cooperate with the
government's ongoing investigation and enhance their compliance and ethics
program and internal controls.  Tenet also agreed to retain an independent
compliance monitor to address and reduce the risk of any recurrence of
violations of the AKS by any entity owned in whole, or in part, by Tenet.  Tenet
and its subsidiaries also agreed to pay over $513 million to resolve the
criminal charges and civil claims arising from the matter.



 An indictment is merely an allegation and the defendant is presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law.



 The FBI's Atlanta Field Office, HHS-OIG and the FBI Healthcare Fraud Unit Major
Provider Reponse Team are conducting the investigation.  Deputy Chief Joseph S.
Beemsterboer, Assistant Chiefs Robert A. Zink and Sally B. Molloy and Trial
Attorney Antonio M. Pozos of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section are
prosecuting the case.



 The Criminal Division's Fraud Section leads the Medicare Fraud Strike Force.
Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine locations across the country, has charged nearly 3,000
defendants who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $11
billion.  In addition, the HHS Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services,
working in conjunction with the HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase
accountability and decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 2, 2017 Thursday

Washington: Former Executive of Tenet Healthcare Corporation Charged for Alleged
Role in $400 Million Scheme to Defraud

LENGTH: 1051  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A former senior executive of Tenet Healthcare Corporation, was indicted for his
alleged role in an over $400 million scheme to defraud.  The indictment alleges
that the scheme to defraud victimized the U.S. government, the Georgia and South
Carolina Medicaid Programs, and prospective patients of Tenet hospitals.





 Acting Assistant Attorney General Kenneth A. Blanco of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Special Agent in Charge David J. LeValley of the FBI's
Atlanta Division and Special Agent in Charge Derrick L. Jackson of the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General's (HHS-OIG)
Atlanta Field Office made the announcement.



 John Holland, 60, of Dallas, was charged in an indictment filed on Jan. 24 in
the Southern District of Florida with one count of mail fraud, one count of
health care fraud and two counts of major fraud against the United States.
Holland made an initial appearance today, Feb. 1, at 2:00 p.m. EST before U.S.
Magistrate Judge Edwin G. Torres of the Southern District of Florida.



 According to the indictment, Holland formerly served as a senior vice president
of operations for Tenet Healthcare Corporation's Southern States Region and as
chief executive officer of North Fulton Medical Center Inc. in Roswell, Georgia.
The indictment alleges that from approximately 2000 through 2013, Holland
engaged in a scheme to defraud the United States, and the Georgia and South
Carolina Medicaid Programs, by causing the payment of bribes and kickbacks in
return for the referral of patients to North Fulton Medical Center Inc. and
other Tenet hospitals in the Southern States Region, including Atlanta Medical
Center Inc., Spalding Regional Medical Center Inc. and Hilton Head Hospital.
From approximately 2007 through 2013, Tenet maintained and operated an
affiliated billing center located in Boca Raton, Florida, that assisted in
processing, for payment, Medicaid billings for these hospitals.  Holland took
affirmative steps to conceal the scheme including by circumventing internal
accounting controls and falsifying Tenet's books, records and reports.  These
kickbacks and bribes helped Tenet bill the Georgia and South Carolina Medicaid
Programs over $400 million, and Tenet obtained more than $149 million in
Medicaid and Medicare funds based on the resulting patient referrals, the
indictment alleges.



 According to the allegations, to effectuate the scheme, Holland, among other
things, made false and fraudulent statements to HHS-OIG in connection with
Tenet's 2006 Corporate Integrity Agreement (the CIA), in which he falsely
certified to HHS-OIG that Tenet was in compliance with the terms of
participation in the Medicare and Medicaid Programs, and the terms of the CIA,
when in fact he knew that Tenet was paying for illegal patient referrals.
Holland's certifications were included as part of Tenet's yearly annual reports
that were mailed to the HHS-OIG monitor located in Miami Lakes, Florida.  During
the duration of the CIA from 2007 through 2011, Tenet received over $10 billion
in payments from federal health care programs - monies that Tenet would not have
received had the company been excluded from participation in federal health care
programs, the indictment alleges.



 "These charges underscore our continued commitment to holding both individuals
and corporations accountable>


 "Medicaid patients have the right to seek healthcare without fearing that care
is tainted by bribes and illegal kickbacks," said Special Agent in Charge for
FBI's Atlanta Division LeValley.  "Not only did patients suffer because of these
alleged actions, but this kind of alleged abuse threatens to drive up the cost
of healthcare for everyone.  The FBI is committed to ensuring that federal laws
related to the healthcare industry are enforced, and this case is an example of
that commitment."



 "Health care companies and their executives must bill taxpayer-funded health
programs honestly," Special Agent in Charge Jackson of the HHS Office of
Inspector General.  "Working with our law enforcement partners, our office will
continue to pursue those who attempt to defraud Medicare and Medicaid, as
alleged in this indictment."



 On Oct. 19, 2016, North Fulton Medical Center Inc. and Atlanta Medical Center
Inc. pleaded guilty to conspiring to defraud the United States and to violate
the Anti-Kickback Statute.  Tenet subsidiary Tenet HealthSystem Medical Inc. and
its subsidiaries (THSM) also entered into a non-prosecution agreement (NPA) with
the government at that time.  Under the terms of the NPA, THSM and Tenet will
avoid prosecution if they, among other requirements, cooperate with the
government's ongoing investigation and enhance their compliance and ethics
program and internal controls.  Tenet also agreed to retain an independent
compliance monitor to address and reduce the risk of any recurrence of
violations of the AKS by any entity owned in whole, or in part, by Tenet.  Tenet
and its subsidiaries also agreed to pay over $513 million to resolve the
criminal charges and civil claims arising from the matter.



 An indictment is merely an allegation and the defendant is presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law.



 The FBI's Atlanta Field Office, HHS-OIG and the FBI Healthcare Fraud Unit Major
Provider Reponse Team are conducting the investigation.  Deputy Chief Joseph S.
Beemsterboer, Assistant Chiefs Robert A. Zink and Sally B. Molloy and Trial
Attorney Antonio M. Pozos of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section are
prosecuting the case.



 The Criminal Division's Fraud Section leads the Medicare Fraud Strike Force.
Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine locations across the country, has charged nearly 3,000
defendants who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $11
billion.  In addition, the HHS Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services,
working in conjunction with the HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase
accountability and decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Elkhart Truth (Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday

Indiana receives $415,000 from tax sale scheme settlement

BYLINE: Ben Quiggle, The Elkhart Truth, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 491 words


Oct. 08--ELKHART -- Homeowners in Elkhart who fell victim to a tax sale scheme
are finally going to see some of their money returned.

Indiana Attorney General Greg Zoeller announced that more than $415,000 will be
returned to victimized homeowners as part of a settlement reached between the
state and two companies accused of perpetrating the scheme. The settlement calls
for 24 homeowners in Elkhart, Howard, Lake, Madison, Marion, Vanderburgh and
Vigo counties to receive a refund of fees they paid to the two companies.

California-based 4Bridge LLC and Colorado-based Asset Recovery Inc. took
advantage "of vulnerable Hoosiers across the State who had fallen behind in
their real-estate taxes and who did not understand the tax sale process,"
according to the state.

"Rarely have we seen a scam that so brazenly exploited desperate property owners
and took advantage of their lack of understanding of a complicated legal
process," Zoeller said. "Victims not only lost their property but thousands of
dollars rightfully owed to them."

They deceived homeowners by making misrepresentations about their legal rights
to redemption or surplus in the tax sales, Zoeller said. By exploiting the
homeowners' unfamiliarity, 4Bridge, Asset Recovery and their agents persuaded
the homeowners to sign legal paperwork turning over their remaining legal
interest in the properties to the companies.

Zoeller's complaint notes violations including "unfair, abusive or deceptive"
conduct; "incurable deceptive acts" and that the entire scheme conducted by
Asset Recovery is considered "unconscionable." Under the settlement, the
companies did not admit wrongdoing but have agreed to comply with settlement
terms.

Zoeller added that his office is pursuing action against other companies he
alleges conducted similar schemes across the state. Earlier this year, the
Attorney General's Office filed a lawsuit -- up to $12 million in restitution
and penalties -- against FLRC LLC / Oak Tree LLC and Coastal Title Inc. Several
individuals operating on behalf of the companies were named in the lawsuit as
well.

Consumers whose funds had already been distributed will receive monthly payments
from Asset Recovery and 4Bridge made payable to and distributed by the Attorney
General's Office. The remaining homeowners are able to claim the surplus
available to them.

The Marion County Circuit Court, where the settlement took place, has already
entered orders directing funds to be paid to several of the affected homeowners.

The next Elkhart County tax sale is set to take place next Thursday. As of
Friday there were 955 properties in the county listed for auction. The property
owners collectively owe $5.3 million in back taxes, according to the Elkhart
County Treasurer's Office.

Follow Ben Quiggle on Twitter @BenQuiggle

___ (c)2016 The Elkhart Truth (Elkhart, Ind). Visit The Elkhart Truth (Elkhart,
Ind). at www.elkharttruth.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161008-1ET-Indiana-receives-415000-from-tax-sale-scheme
-settlement-1008-20161008

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1ET


                        Copyright 2016 The Elkhart Truth


                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

Former Title Company Employee Heads to Prison in Bank Fraud Conspiracy

LENGTH: 464  words


Washington,D.C.: FBI - Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of United
States of America has issued the following news release:

Harris County resident Maria Eliza Garza has been ordered to prison following
her conviction in conspiring to defraud seven different Houston-area banks or
more than $2 million in 2007 and 2008, announced United States Attorney Kenneth
Magidson. Garza pleaded guilty Sept. 4, 2013.

Today, U.S. District Judge Lee H. Rosenthal, who accepted the guilty plea,
handed Garza an 18-month sentence to be followed by three years of supervised
release. At the hearing, the court noted that Garza was an important player in
the scheme and further ordered her to pay $2.078 million in restitution.

As outlined in documents filed with the court and admitted by Garza during her
guilty plea, she and a co-conspirator agreed to carry out a check kiting scheme
that targeted seven different financial institutions in the Houston area. While
the co-conspirator allegedly devised the scheme which used multiple bank
accounts held in the name of title companies he controlled, Garza admitted she
assisted by discussing which bank accounts needed money, preparing checks to
sign and depositing signed checks at the banks.

Garza, of Houston, admitted as part of her plea that she helped carry out the
scheme from at least January 2007 through June 2008. To do so, Garza prepared
checks drawn on the title companies' accounts. The co-conspirator signed the
checks and both knew the accounts lacked sufficient funds to cover the checks.
Garza deposited the checks into other accounts controlled by the co-conspirator,
which artificially inflated the account balances. They would then write
additional checks using the artificially inflated balances and deposit them into
either the original issuing account or other accounts controlled by the
co-conspirator.

Garza also admitted she and conducted the scheme to artificially inflate the
account balances and place the funds at her co-conspirator's disposal to use as
interest-free loans and lines of credit. They continued to carry out the scheme
even after three of the banks discovered the kiting activity and shut down the
relevant accounts. When the scheme finally collapsed in June 2008, the total
loss to the affected banks was $2,099,65.72.

Garza was permitted to remain on bond and voluntarily surrender to a U.S. Bureau
of Prisons facility to be determined in the near future.

The investigation was conducted by the FBI with assistance from the Harris
County District Attorney's Office and police departments in Webster and
Friendswood. Assistant U.S. Attorney John Pearson is prosecuting the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            February 11, 2007 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

PONZI'S SCHEME

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6F

LENGTH: 352 words


The players are new, but USA Capital's dramatic collapse bears the familiar
stamp of Charles Ponzi (1882-1949), a dishwasher-turned-swindler whose
enduringly successful fraud bears his last name.

Ponzi's original scheme, launched in 1920, promised 40 percent return-- or more
-- on investments, and within weeks.

It was wildly popular. At one point, Ponzi took in $1 million during a single
three-hour period. He took to wearing diamond tie clips and using gold-handled
canes. Investors were flush. The good news enticed more investors.

Behind the scenes, though, Ponzi was using money from those new investors to pay
off earlier investors. Eeventuallythe number of new investors in any Ponzi
scheme runs dry. The investment implodes.

Not even Ponzi could rob Peter to pay Paul forever. He left thousands of
trusting investors in the lurch.

While USA Capitalbankruptcy court filings have not used the phrase "Ponzi," they
do report that millions of dollars from new USA investors were used to pay off
previous ones.

"They were getting fresh new money and using that money to keep paying us and
patting us on the head," says one Miami investor who declined to be named.

In the dry language of one Securities and Exchange Commission filing, USA wrote
that it might do something similar:"We may use cash from capital contributions
from investors to pay a portion of the monthly distributions made to members."

Bay Pompano Beach LLC is a case in point. USA investors plunked down millions to
finance a Bay Pompano project in South Florida. Bay Pompano did get a loan. But
$8 million investors put toward the project was kept by USA, which diverted the
cash to pay "profits" to earlier investors, according to bankruptcy court
records.It's one reason why USA's checks came like clockwork, despite the
failure of some borrowers to repay the lender.

It's also one reason investors were dumbfounded by USA's bankruptcy filing.
Writes the attorney for a Los Angeles church that invested in Bay Pompano, "A
truthful statement would have been, 'Your funds will be used to bail out...an
investor, and you will be stuck.' "

-- Pat Beall

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (B&W)
 Getty Images file photo by HART PRESTON Charles Ponzi developed the strategy --
pay early investors with new investors' money -- that bears his name.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Lancashire

                                 August 3, 2004

Last stop for trams

LENGTH: 440 words


BLACKPOOL'S trams could be off the rails permanently within a decade.

That is the stark message from the resort's council after a £170m bid to bring
the current Starr Gate to Fleetwood line up to modern light rail standards was
snubbed.

Blackpool's is one of a number of schemes blocked by the Government after costs
on light rail projects elsewhere in the country spiralled.

But town hall chiefs say the historic tram route is doomed without a major
overhaul and are already looking at ways of putting in a less expensive bid.

Council leader Cllr Roy Fisher said: "Blackpool Council is hugely disappointed
with this news. The Blackpool scheme represented excellent value for money but
we seem to have suffered because other schemes were much higher than original
cost estimates and therefore unreasonable assumptions have been made about what
is essentially a replacement scheme.

"The council will not and cannot give up because without major investment
Blackpool may have no trams running in 10 years time."

Cllr Fisher says he is seeking urgent talks with the Government as preparations
begin for a new bid.

A decision on the Blackpool scheme was taken on Tuesday night just hours after
transport secretary Alaistair Darling announced a new transport White Paper and
the scrapping of tram schemes in Portsmouth and Leeds. An extension to
Manchester's Metro has also been blocked.

A Department for Transport spokesman said: "We did carefully consider the
proposal in terms of value for money benefits to the local community and but
unfortunately Blackpool's case was not strong enough.

"The department totally understands the views about the importance of
refurbishment to the regeneration on the town but there are a lot of calls on
our money and we have to prioritise and make sure of the value of a project."

"The people who considered the proposal are well aware of the limitations of the
current trams and are keen to consider what alternatives there are."

Opposition parties have slammed the council's leadership and called for urgent
action to rescue the tram scheme.

Conservative leader Cllr Peter Callow said: "We have been told over and over
again by senior councillors and officers that the light railway is vital to the
masterplan.

"This is a desperate situation. We now need a complete rethink and a council
meeting with the tram system as the only item on the agenda."

Liberal Democrat Cllr Stave Bate said: "Labour councillors have failed Labour
MP's have failed and the Labour Government has failed to deliver even this
modest start to regeneration."

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2004 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            August 15, 2009 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

PACKERS TO TEST-DRIVE NEW DEFENSE;
BUT FANS WON'T GET TO LOOK UNDER THE HOOD OF THE 3-4 SCHEME.

BYLINE: By JASON WILDE jwilde@madison.com 608-252-6176

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. F1

LENGTH: 668 words

DATELINE: GREEN BAY


Tonight, Green Bay Packers fans will get what they've been waiting for since
January: Their first look at new defensive coordinator Dom Capers' 3-4 scheme.

Just how much of Capers' scheme will be unveiled ... well, Packers coach Mike
McCarthy couldn't lie: It won't be much.

"I'd be BS-ing you if I told you 30 percent," McCarthy confessed as his team
prepared for tonight's exhibition opener in the Midwest Shrine Game against the
Cleveland Browns at Lambeau Field. "We don't sit around and talk about how much
we want to show. ... The target that we have is 33 to 40 percent of your normal
volume for the game plan is what you are looking to carry in."

According to several players, Capers has more than 100 defenses in his playbook
- "Let's just say we have more plays than the offense," safety Atari Bigby said
- and during the regular season, he will put a portion of those defenses into
the game plan for that week, based on the opponent. Then, he'll use other
defenses the next week.

In preseason, though, he'll scale back much further, because he doesn't want to
tip off the Packers' first regular-season opponent, the Chicago Bears on Sept.
13 at Lambeau.

Still, there are basic aspects of the defense that need to be evaluated, so
Capers can't keep everything under wraps.

"I think there's a balance there. There's certain things you'd rather not play,
rather not show, but you want to see your package and execute some of your
package, too," Capers said.

"First of all, you want to give your guys a chance to go out where they don't
have to think a lot. So we've installed a lot. Now, what we'll do is cut it way
down so they can zero in on a certain number of calls. And the big thing is just
evaluate which guys can go out there and execute full-speed, where they aren't
thinking. Because it'll show up more (tonight) ... what guys are playing fast
and what guys aren't."

Nevertheless, because the 3-4 is predicated in part on generating pressure on
the quarterback by blitzing the linebackers, Capers said when it comes to
calling blitzes, he'll likely call basic ones, "the ones we'd have in for almost
every football game."

"This is an aggressive defense," inside linebacker A.J. Hawk said. "We're going
to be aggressive; we're going to play downhill, be physical."

Safeties coach Darren Perry has seen coordinators take different preseason
approaches. While playing for Dick LeBeau in Pittsburgh, Perry said sometimes
LeBeau played it safe and kept his more creative defenses under wraps; other
times, LeBeau took a damn-the-torpedoes approach and unleashed all kinds of
things from the playbook.

"Your staple stuff, you're going to run it, because that's what you are," Perry
said. "I've been placed with Dick where he said, 'Hey, we're going to run our
stuff and be what we are, and if they see it, so be it. They still have to stop
it.' And then there were other times when we didn't show as much as were more
vanilla."

For the Packers, who are transitioning from the 4-3 and perhaps could use a bit
of an emotional lift by seeing the defense work, it might be worth it to Capers
to allow them to do a little more than usual in preseason so they can taste some
of the success Perry mentioned.

Perhaps defensive line coach Mike Trgovac had the best perspective, though. A
former coordinator with the Carolina Panthers, Trgovac acknowledged the "hard
challenge" coaches face with how much to show in preseason. It's even more of an
issue when you face the same team in the exhibition and regular seasons, as the
Packers do with the Browns and the Arizona Cardinals.

"That makes it even harder," Trgovac said. "Boy, you get in a preseason game and
your competitiveness makes you want to show what you've got. And then when you
watch the regular-season game, you say, 'Damn, I wish I wouldn't have shown that
in the preseason.' You're kind of (expletive) at yourself for showing it."

Packers vs. Browns

When, where: 7 p.m. today, Lambeau Field

TV: Ch. 27

Radio: 1310 AM, 101.5 FM

Inside: Five things to watch. F4

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                January 27, 1999

First inmates to go free in new tagging system;
Alan Travis reports on the start of an exodus of inmates from Britain's jails

BYLINE: ALAN TRAVIS

SECTION: The Guardian Home Page; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 445 words


THE early release of 57 inmates tomorrow from prisons across England and Wales
will mark the start to what is to become the world's most ambitious electronic
tagging scheme.

The Home Detention Curfew programme will eventually cover the early release each
year of 30,000 prisoners, whose curfews will be monitored by private security
companies.

A further 60 inmates will be released on Friday to be followed by 150 next
Monday. All will have to go through a rigourous "risk assessment" by the prison
and the probation services. There will be no mass walkouts through prison gates
tomorrow as the inmates are released in ones or twos from 37 prisons.

The numbers on the scheme will build up gradually until April, when it is
expected that more than 4,000 will be wearing the electronic ankle tags.  The
adoption of the scheme in this country follows three trials in Manchester,
Norfolk and Reading involving 2,000 inmates.

Home Office officials said yesterday that the first prisoners released will be
among the "safest bets". "This is not a clear-out of the prisons. We believe it
will build up slowly and our best bet is that there will be 3,000-4,000
prisoners out on curfew when it is up and running," said Martin Narey, the
Prison Service's director of regimes.

"There is no quota. The numbers released will be based solely on individual risk
assessment." The test involves assessing whether the inmate is a risk to the
public, will abscond or offend again, and whether he or she has somewhere
suitable to live.

Only prisoners who are serving sentences of more than three months but less than
four years are eligible to be considered for the scheme. Sex offenders will only
be released under the pounds 35 million a year scheme in "exceptional
circumstances". About half of those eligible are expected to be given places on
the scheme.

Inmates face a curfew which places them under house arrest for a set proportion
of the day. Their compliance with the curfew is monitored through an electronic
tag worn on the ankle which is linked to a central control unit. Those who
repeatedly breach their curfew face being returned to prison.

Mr Narey said the objective was not to cut the prison population but to improve
the chances of rehabilitation and resettlement of inmates when they come out of
prison. Currently they were being freed into the community without any support
or even anywhere to live.

Nick Flynn, of the Prison Reform Trust, said there were bound to be one or two
problems at the start: "There are going to be some failures, obviously, but a
minority of failures does not mean the whole programme is a failure."


LOAD-DATE: January 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                 July 30, 1993

Few HK millionaires going to US

BYLINE: From SIMON BECK in Washington

SECTION: News; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 328 words


HONGKONG'S "yacht people" have snubbed the United States "millionaire investors"
scheme, with only 29 people from the territory applying since 10,000 visas were
put on offer two years ago.

Although the scheme did not specify which nationalities could apply, it was set
up in 1991 with an eye on cash- rich Asian investors - particularly Hongkong
businessmen wishing to join the post-Tiananmen Square massacre brain drain.

The 29 Hongkong applicants were a tiny proportion of the total of 753 people of
all nationalities who applied for the visas. Of these, 311 were approved, with
97 people having received visas so far.

Immigration experts believe the number of applicants show the scheme has been a
flop.

Critics of the programme believe the terms were too tough, with applicants
having to invest US$ 1 million (HK$ 7.76 million) in a job-creating scheme - or
US$ 500,000 in a high-unemployment area - plus a requirement of two years'
residency. America's tax regime has also put off investors. Most Hongkong
emigrants prefer Canada.

A Hongkong Government spokesman in Washington greeted the news as further
evidence that the brain drain was slowing.

"Another reason could be that many Western economies around the world have not
been performing," she said.

Although the scheme was designed to attract people from abroad, it is thought
that a good proportion of the applicants were those already doing business in
the US and looking for a full-time visa.

A California immigration consultant and former US government immigration
official, Harold Ezell, said: "They thought investors would be falling out of
the trees with their pockets full of money, saying 'take my money'. The concept
was correct, but the details of the concept were too vague, and the
implementation was not as thorough as it should have been."

Another West Coast consultant, Josef Basel, said he had stopped trying to sell
the scheme to Hongkong investors a year ago.


LOAD-DATE: July 30, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1993 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 16, 1997, Thursday, Final Edition

Md. Man Pleads Guilty in D.C. Loan Scheme

SECTION: METRO; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 184 words


A Silver Spring man pleaded guilty yesterday in U.S. District Court in
Washington to participating in a scheme that enabled Yong Yun, a businessman
with ties to D.C. Mayor Marion Barry (D), to get more money than he actually
needed to construct an office building in Southeast Washington.

Richard M. Heger, president of Harvey Property Management Co., pleaded guilty to
one misdemeanor count of aiding and abetting the scheme. On behalf of his
company, Heger also pleaded guilty to aiding and abetting the scheme and agreed
to a criminal forfeiture of $ 12,500 in company money.

According to court documents, Heger acted as conduit for money in a scheme in
which Yun obtained $ 413,000 in construction loans yet spent only about $
113,000 on the project on Martin Luther King Jr. Avenue SE.

The D.C. government agreed to a multiyear, multimillion-dollar lease for the
building.

Yun has pleaded guilty to pocketing the extra construction money.

Under federal sentencing guidelines, Heger faces up to six months in jail, while
his company faces a fine ranging from $ 8,000 to $ 16,000.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Indianapolis Business Journal

                               February 28, 2005

Mortgage industry waking up to fraud;
Collaboration increasing to combat illegal schemes

BYLINE: TAMMY LIEBER TLIEBER@IBJ.COM

SECTION: Vol. 25; No. 52; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1396 words


When the U.S. Attorney's Office in late January announced a 101-count indictment
in a mortgage fraud scheme, it closed a year-long investigation into a ring that
involved 10 people and 43 houses in Indianapolis, Marion and Fairmount.

For the individuals involved, the indictments could bring prison time and hefty
fines. But for the bank that loaned money on the houses, the scheme signaled the
end of the road.

The lender, Louisville-based First Bank Inc., struggled during 2003 and 2004 to
recoup several million dollars in losses on the loans made to straw buyers in
the scheme. In December, unable to recover, First Bank announced its sale to
Lexington, Ky.-based Central Bancshares.

No one knows how much money lenders lose each year to similar mortgage fraud
schemes. Nationally, estimates vary from $ 200 million to $ 500 million, but
those are little more than educated guesses.

We generally tell people that any number they hear about the extent of fraud is
really unreliable, said Tim Doyle, a director in government affairs for the
Washington, D.C.-based Mortgage Bankers Association. It's nearly impossible to
put a dollar amount on such losses, he said. Mortgage companies aren't required
to disclose such losses and most are reluctant to do so voluntarily.

Whatever the exact amount, some observers say a few extra steps by lenders could
drastically reduce the problem, keeping more houses out of foreclosure and
surrounding neighborhoods from deteriorating further.

Flipped out

As in many mortgage fraud cases, the Indianapolis and Marion-based group used a
scheme called flipping. Done legally, it follows a long-established method of
making money in real estate buying low, making improvements, then selling for a
profit. It becomes fraud when buyers replace the second step with finding
someone to make inflated appraisals after little or no money is spent on
improvement, then selling to a straw buyer who borrows money to pay the home's
inflated price.

Those involved in the scheme split the profit and the straw buyer defaults on
the loan, leaving the lender with an overleveraged house often in need of
significant work.

In the recent case, nearly everyone in the home-buying process except First Bank
is accused of being involved the original buyer, the brokers, the appraisers,
the title company workers, the straw buyers. Other times, a few people in on the
scheme may use stolen identities or forged paperwork to make the deal seem
legitimate.

In all cases, the money comes out of lenders' pockets. The Indiana mortgage
fraud task force behind the recent indictment has prosecuted cases in which
lenders have lost at least $ 16 million, U.S. Attorney Susan Brooks said.

The task force was formed in 2002 by the U.S. Attorney's Office, the FBI, the
Internal Revenue Service and the Postal Inspection Service to investigate a
growing number of fraud complaints, many of them from people unwittingly
involved in the scheme. Since its formation, the U.S. Attorney has prosecuted 43
people, 33 of whom have been sentenced for their crimes. Cases of the remaining
10 are still in progress, Brooks said.

Although lenders bear the brunt of financial losses, neighborhoods are the true
victims, Brooks said.

Most of the time, mortgage fraud schemes are perpetrated in inner-city
neighborhoods where residents are already struggling with property values and
crime. In the most recent indictment, three of the 28 Indianapolis properties
involved were on the same block of the same Haughville street; many of the
others were clustered on the near-east side.

A house involved in such a scheme may sit vacant for months or years until
someone else buys it. In the meantime, it becomes a target for crime and
devalues nearby homes, said Moira Carlstedt, executive director of the
Indianapolis Neighborhood Housing Partnership.

It isn't just the social implications. [Fraud] does have an economic implication
to the individual households in the neighborhood, Carlstedt said. People in
these neighborhoods invest in homeownership for a safe, decent place to live,
but they're hoping like everyone else that their house appreciates and they will
have an opportunity to build some wealth.

Ripe for fraud

To some observers outside the mortgage industry, a desire to generate as many
mortgages as possible at the lowest cost has contributed to the rise in fraud.

Mortgage companies are relying totally on mortgage brokers and appraisers, said
David Bowman, director of special investigations for locally based Phenix
Investigations Inc. Bowman, a former police officer, investigates fraud for
corporations, including mortgage fraud cases.

In one case he investigated for a lender, one person had taken out 14 mortgages
for different properties, defrauding lenders out of more than $ 2 million.

It took me about 10 minutes to find out she had all these [past] foreclosures,
Bowman said.

For instance, he said, if a borrower's application looks too perfect, or if the
same home has been sold within the last six months, it would take relatively
little time and money to further investigate the deal.

Others say more focus on the appraisal could prevent many cases of fraud.

Fraud schemes really rest on the fact that there's a false appraisal, Brooks
said. If there's not a false appraisal, you don't have a scheme.

There's no shortage of appraisers who will inflate estimates of a home's value,
said Don R. Randy Scheidt, president of appraisal company Don R. Scheidt & Co.
Inc. and a past president of the Indiana Commercial Board of Realtors.

Some appraisers inflate appraisals for aggressive mortgage brokers or legitimate
buyers, such as those who want to take a home-equity loan for more than the true
value of the equity in the house, he said. But whether an appraisal is inflated
for a real or a fake buyer, lenders are hardly at the mercy of unscrupulous
appraisers, Scheidt said.

If lending institutions would use people they know are quality-oriented and
competent, a lot of [fraud] could be avoided, he said. In nearly any case, a
lending institution could find reputable appraisers in any major metropolitan
area with a few phone calls, he said.

Due diligence

All mortgage lenders have methods of detecting fraudulent schemes. Several local
banks, for instance, said they work only with appraisers from an approved list
that is constantly monitored and updated. Others have computer software, backed
up by human investigation, to flag suspicious-looking mortgages.

But as an industry, lenders are just beginning to work together and with law
enforcement officials to combat mortgage fraud, which the FBI describes as
pervasive and growing.

Nationally, mortgage fraud is most prevalent in areas of the West and Southwest
that are experiencing rapid appreciation in home values, such as Las Vegas and
parts of California and Florida, Doyle said. But it's also on the rise in the
Midwest, particularly in cities such as Indianapolis that have rapidly growing
suburban areas and a high overall demand for mortgages.

Several factors have contributed to the rising number of mortgage fraud cases in
recent years, Doyle said. Mortgage fraud is increasingly being used to launder
money, a fairly recent phenomenon. But changes in the mortgage industry have
played a part as well. In the past, home buyers typically went to their
neighborhood savings and loan for a mortgage. Today, they are more likely to
work with a mortgage broker to obtain a loan underwritten by a bank states away.

It's a much more complex system today than we had 20 years ago, Doyle said. For
the consumer, it's good because it means lower rates and an efficient process
and a true national real estate finance system. The downside is that there are
more opportunities for those who understand the system to defraud the system.

The trade association is planning a national summit in Washington, D.C., in
March to discuss mortgage fraud and ways to prevent it. Invitations to the
summit are being issued to MBA members, brokers, consultants and law enforcement
officials.

MBA's goal is to spotlight mortgage fraud and to work on solutions to combat the
problem, Doyle said. The industry is also working on a proposal to improve data
collection about mortgage fraud to assist the FBI and other law enforcement
agencies, he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2005 IBJ Corporation


                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 2, 2017 Thursday

Former Executive of Tenet Healthcare Corporation Charged for Alleged Role in
$400 Million Scheme to Defraud

LENGTH: 1055  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of Public Affairs Department of Justice has issued the
following news release:



  A former senior executive of Tenet Healthcare Corporation, was indicted for
his alleged role in an over $400 million scheme to defraud.  The indictment
alleges that the scheme to defraud victimized the U.S. government, the Georgia
and South Carolina Medicaid Programs, and prospective patients of Tenet
hospitals.





 Acting Assistant Attorney General Kenneth A. Blanco of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Special Agent in Charge David J. LeValley of the FBI's
Atlanta Division and Special Agent in Charge Derrick L. Jackson of the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General's (HHS-OIG)
Atlanta Field Office made the announcement.



 John Holland, 60, of Dallas, was charged in an indictment filed on Jan. 24 in
the Southern District of Florida with one count of mail fraud, one count of
health care fraud and two counts of major fraud against the United States.
Holland made an initial appearance today, Feb. 1, at 2:00 p.m. EST before U.S.
Magistrate Judge Edwin G. Torres of the Southern District of Florida.



 According to the indictment, Holland formerly served as a senior vice president
of operations for Tenet Healthcare Corporation's Southern States Region and as
chief executive officer of North Fulton Medical Center Inc. in Roswell, Georgia.
The indictment alleges that from approximately 2000 through 2013, Holland
engaged in a scheme to defraud the United States, and the Georgia and South
Carolina Medicaid Programs, by causing the payment of bribes and kickbacks in
return for the referral of patients to North Fulton Medical Center Inc. and
other Tenet hospitals in the Southern States Region, including Atlanta Medical
Center Inc., Spalding Regional Medical Center Inc. and Hilton Head Hospital.
From approximately 2007 through 2013, Tenet maintained and operated an
affiliated billing center located in Boca Raton, Florida, that assisted in
processing, for payment, Medicaid billings for these hospitals.  Holland took
affirmative steps to conceal the scheme including by circumventing internal
accounting controls and falsifying Tenet's books, records and reports.  These
kickbacks and bribes helped Tenet bill the Georgia and South Carolina Medicaid
Programs over $400 million, and Tenet obtained more than $149 million in
Medicaid and Medicare funds based on the resulting patient referrals, the
indictment alleges.



 According to the allegations, to effectuate the scheme, Holland, among other
things, made false and fraudulent statements to HHS-OIG in connection with
Tenet's 2006 Corporate Integrity Agreement (the CIA), in which he falsely
certified to HHS-OIG that Tenet was in compliance with the terms of
participation in the Medicare and Medicaid Programs, and the terms of the CIA,
when in fact he knew that Tenet was paying for illegal patient referrals.
Holland's certifications were included as part of Tenet's yearly annual reports
that were mailed to the HHS-OIG monitor located in Miami Lakes, Florida.  During
the duration of the CIA from 2007 through 2011, Tenet received over $10 billion
in payments from federal health care programs - monies that Tenet would not have
received had the company been excluded from participation in federal health care
programs, the indictment alleges.



 "These charges underscore our continued commitment to holding both individuals
and corporations accountable>


 "Medicaid patients have the right to seek healthcare without fearing that care
is tainted by bribes and illegal kickbacks," said Special Agent in Charge for
FBI's Atlanta Division LeValley.  "Not only did patients suffer because of these
alleged actions, but this kind of alleged abuse threatens to drive up the cost
of healthcare for everyone.  The FBI is committed to ensuring that federal laws
related to the healthcare industry are enforced, and this case is an example of
that commitment."



 "Health care companies and their executives must bill taxpayer-funded health
programs honestly," Special Agent in Charge Jackson of the HHS Office of
Inspector General.  "Working with our law enforcement partners, our office will
continue to pursue those who attempt to defraud Medicare and Medicaid, as
alleged in this indictment."



 On Oct. 19, 2016, North Fulton Medical Center Inc. and Atlanta Medical Center
Inc. pleaded guilty to conspiring to defraud the United States and to violate
the Anti-Kickback Statute.  Tenet subsidiary Tenet HealthSystem Medical Inc. and
its subsidiaries (THSM) also entered into a non-prosecution agreement (NPA) with
the government at that time.  Under the terms of the NPA, THSM and Tenet will
avoid prosecution if they, among other requirements, cooperate with the
government's ongoing investigation and enhance their compliance and ethics
program and internal controls.  Tenet also agreed to retain an independent
compliance monitor to address and reduce the risk of any recurrence of
violations of the AKS by any entity owned in whole, or in part, by Tenet.  Tenet
and its subsidiaries also agreed to pay over $513 million to resolve the
criminal charges and civil claims arising from the matter.



 An indictment is merely an allegation and the defendant is presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law.



 The FBI's Atlanta Field Office, HHS-OIG and the FBI Healthcare Fraud Unit Major
Provider Reponse Team are conducting the investigation.  Deputy Chief Joseph S.
Beemsterboer, Assistant Chiefs Robert A. Zink and Sally B. Molloy and Trial
Attorney Antonio M. Pozos of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section are
prosecuting the case.



 The Criminal Division's Fraud Section leads the Medicare Fraud Strike Force.
Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine locations across the country, has charged nearly 3,000
defendants who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $11
billion.  In addition, the HHS Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services,
working in conjunction with the HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase
accountability and decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 2, 2017 Thursday

Former Executive of Tenet Healthcare Corporation Charged for Alleged Role in
$400 Million Scheme to Defraud

LENGTH: 1056  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of Public Affairs Department of Justice has issued the
following news release:



  A former senior executive of Tenet Healthcare Corporation, was indicted for
his alleged role in an over $400 million scheme to defraud.  The indictment
alleges that the scheme to defraud victimized the U.S. government, the Georgia
and South Carolina Medicaid Programs, and prospective patients of Tenet
hospitals.





 Acting Assistant Attorney General Kenneth A. Blanco of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Special Agent in Charge David J. LeValley of the FBI's
Atlanta Division and Special Agent in Charge Derrick L. Jackson of the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General's (HHS-OIG)
Atlanta Field Office made the announcement.



 John Holland, 60, of Dallas, was charged in an indictment filed on Jan. 24 in
the Southern District of Florida with one count of mail fraud, one count of
health care fraud and two counts of major fraud against the United States.
Holland made an initial appearance today, Feb. 1, at 2:00 p.m. EST before U.S.
Magistrate Judge Edwin G. Torres of the Southern District of Florida.



 According to the indictment, Holland formerly served as a senior vice president
of operations for Tenet Healthcare Corporation's Southern States Region and as
chief executive officer of North Fulton Medical Center Inc. in Roswell, Georgia.
The indictment alleges that from approximately 2000 through 2013, Holland
engaged in a scheme to defraud the United States, and the Georgia and South
Carolina Medicaid Programs, by causing the payment of bribes and kickbacks in
return for the referral of patients to North Fulton Medical Center Inc. and
other Tenet hospitals in the Southern States Region, including Atlanta Medical
Center Inc., Spalding Regional Medical Center Inc. and Hilton Head Hospital.
From approximately 2007 through 2013, Tenet maintained and operated an
affiliated billing center located in Boca Raton, Florida, that assisted in
processing, for payment, Medicaid billings for these hospitals.  Holland took
affirmative steps to conceal the scheme including by circumventing internal
accounting controls and falsifying Tenet's books, records and reports.  These
kickbacks and bribes helped Tenet bill the Georgia and South Carolina Medicaid
Programs over $400 million, and Tenet obtained more than $149 million in
Medicaid and Medicare funds based on the resulting patient referrals, the
indictment alleges.



 According to the allegations, to effectuate the scheme, Holland, among other
things, made false and fraudulent statements to HHS-OIG in connection with
Tenet's 2006 Corporate Integrity Agreement (the CIA), in which he falsely
certified to HHS-OIG that Tenet was in compliance with the terms of
participation in the Medicare and Medicaid Programs, and the terms of the CIA,
when in fact he knew that Tenet was paying for illegal patient referrals.
Holland's certifications were included as part of Tenet's yearly annual reports
that were mailed to the HHS-OIG monitor located in Miami Lakes, Florida.  During
the duration of the CIA from 2007 through 2011, Tenet received over $10 billion
in payments from federal health care programs - monies that Tenet would not have
received had the company been excluded from participation in federal health care
programs, the indictment alleges.



 "These charges underscore our continued commitment to holding both individuals
and corporations accountable>


 "Medicaid patients have the right to seek healthcare without fearing that care
is tainted by bribes and illegal kickbacks," said Special Agent in Charge for
FBI's Atlanta Division LeValley.  "Not only did patients suffer because of these
alleged actions, but this kind of alleged abuse threatens to drive up the cost
of healthcare for everyone.  The FBI is committed to ensuring that federal laws
related to the healthcare industry are enforced, and this case is an example of
that commitment."



 "Health care companies and their executives must bill taxpayer-funded health
programs honestly," Special Agent in Charge Jackson of the HHS Office of
Inspector General.  "Working with our law enforcement partners, our office will
continue to pursue those who attempt to defraud Medicare and Medicaid, as
alleged in this indictment."



 On Oct. 19, 2016, North Fulton Medical Center Inc. and Atlanta Medical Center
Inc. pleaded guilty to conspiring to defraud the United States and to violate
the Anti-Kickback Statute.  Tenet subsidiary Tenet HealthSystem Medical Inc. and
its subsidiaries (THSM) also entered into a non-prosecution agreement (NPA) with
the government at that time.  Under the terms of the NPA, THSM and Tenet will
avoid prosecution if they, among other requirements, cooperate with the
government's ongoing investigation and enhance their compliance and ethics
program and internal controls.  Tenet also agreed to retain an independent
compliance monitor to address and reduce the risk of any recurrence of
violations of the AKS by any entity owned in whole, or in part, by Tenet.  Tenet
and its subsidiaries also agreed to pay over $513 million to resolve the
criminal charges and civil claims arising from the matter.



 An indictment is merely an allegation and the defendant is presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law.



 The FBI's Atlanta Field Office, HHS-OIG and the FBI Healthcare Fraud Unit Major
Provider Reponse Team are conducting the investigation.  Deputy Chief Joseph S.
Beemsterboer, Assistant Chiefs Robert A. Zink and Sally B. Molloy and Trial
Attorney Antonio M. Pozos of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section are
prosecuting the case.



 The Criminal Division's Fraud Section leads the Medicare Fraud Strike Force.
Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine locations across the country, has charged nearly 3,000
defendants who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $11
billion.  In addition, the HHS Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services,
working in conjunction with the HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase
accountability and decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          December 31, 2008 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

An Offshore Spotlight For Madoff

BYLINE: By LYNNLEY BROWING

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 610 words


The investigations into Bernard L. Madoff are expanding into offshore tax
havens.

Federal prosecutors are beginning to consider what role offshore fund operations
may have played in the $50 billion Ponzi scheme that Mr. Madoff is accused of
orchestrating.

Of particular interest is whether Mr. Madoff and some of his investors used
funds based in offshore tax havens to evade American taxes, according to a
person briefed on the investigation.

Also under scrutiny is whether certain charities  invested with Mr. Madoff had
improperly allowed their donors to shift money offshore, and whether foreign
banks had withheld American taxes on Madoff accounts, as required by the
Internal Revenue Service, according to this person, who was given  anonymity
because of the delicate nature of the investigation.

Mr. Madoff was arrested Dec. 11 at his New York apartment and charged with
securities fraud. The authorities have characterized the fraud as a worldwide
Ponzi scheme -- perhaps the largest ever.

On Tuesday, the trustee in charge of Mr. Madoff's investment firm won court
approval to use $28.1 million from the firm's accounts to pay for its
liquidation costs.

While the inquiries into the role of offshore funds in the scheme are at an
early stage, it is hardly surprising that such funds are coming under scrutiny.

Offshore entities played key roles at Bayou Management, a Connecticut hedge fund
that collapsed in scandal in 2005, as well as at Enron, which used nearly 900
offshore entities, mostly in the Cayman Islands, to conceal bogus trades and
accounting fraud.

''You're going to be trying to identify all the vehicles for the fraud, and
drawing on past experience, the use of offshore accounts and entities would
certainly be vehicles,'' said David N. Kelley, a former federal prosecutor in
Manhattan who is now a partner at the law firm Cahill, Gordon & Reindel.

Nearly all hedge funds, including funds of funds, operate affiliates and
partnerships offshore. Such havens offer low tax rates and light regulation.
Offshore havens also help fund managers to defer or avoid American taxes on
their personal profits by channeling the earnings through offshore affiliates.

Fred L. Abrams, a lawyer and offshore fraud specialist based in New York, said
large-scale investment swindles often involved the use of offshore nominees, or
agents, with legal power over an investor's foreign bank accounts. Another
feature, he said, was the use of multiple jurisdictions to carry out trades.
''With this, it's possible to transfer enormous sums of money and perhaps do it
under the radar,'' he said.

At least a dozen offshore entities were involved  with Mr. Madoff's firm,
according to several regulatory filings. They include funds linked to the
Fairfield Greenwich Group, a fund of funds that lost $7.4 billion of its
investors' money after entrusting it to Mr. Madoff.

Other offshore entities involved are affiliated with Tremont Group Holdings,
which had $3.3 billion invested, and several Swiss banks, including Union
Bancaire Privee and Banc Benedict Hentsch & Cie.

Fairfield Greenwich operates affiliates in offshore havens like the Cayman
Islands. At another affiliate, in Bermuda, Amit Vijayvergiya, Fairfield
Greenwich's chief risk officer, managed flows into Sentry, its largest fund that
was a main recipient of money that had been invested  with Mr. Madoff. It also
runs Fairfield Sentry in Ireland, one of Europe's largest offshore havens, and a
joint venture in Singapore, a leading Asian haven, called Lion Fairfield Capital
Management.

A spokesman for Fairfield Greenwich declined to comment about the offshore
operations.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: January 30, 2009



CORRECTION: An article on Dec. 31 about the widening investigation of Bernard L.
Madoff's supposed Ponzi scheme to examine whether funds in offshore tax havens
helped American investors avoid taxes erroneously included one such venture
operated by the Fairfield Greenwich Group. The group's venture, Lion Fairfield
Capital Management, is based in Singapore, a growing center of private banking,
but it offers its products only to people who are not citizens or residents of
the United States.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             April 15, 2005 Friday
                                National Edition

The man behind the scheme

BYLINE: Mitchell Zuckoff, National Post

SECTION: ISSUES & IDEAS; Pg. A23

LENGTH: 947  words


Enron. WorldCom. Tyco. HealthSouth. The United States is awash in corporate
scandals. But the alleged masterminds are a colourless lot: Most CEOs have
played dumb, claiming they knew nothing of the crooked numbers in their CFOs'
ledgers. Charles Ponzi, the man whose name is synonymous with crooked business
schemes, would have been disgusted: When the time of reckoning was at hand, he
hid behind no one.

- - -

Ponzi washed up on the shores of Boston in 1903. He was 21, a charming bon
vivant from Italy who'd squandered his small inheritance while attending the
University of Rome. Having already disappointed his adoring mother -- she
dreamed he would return the family to its faded aristocratic roots -- Ponzi
arrived in North America determined to become as rich as a Rockefeller.

In pursuit of fortune, he bounced up and down the East Coast for more than a
decade, learning English, working odd jobs, and using his irrepressible charm to
make friends. In July, 1907, he scraped together a few dollars for a train
ticket to Montreal, arriving at the magnificent Gare Bonaventure with no baggage
and a single dollar in his pocket. Not two blocks from the train station, he saw
a sign for an Italian bank, Banco Zarossi. He walked confidently through the
door and five minutes later was hired as a clerk.

The bank's owner, a jolly man named Luigi Zarossi, had formerly been in the
cigar business. Intent on beating his more experienced competitors, he used
aggressive tactics: While other banks were paying depositors 2% interest,
Zarossi announced he would pay 6%.

What he did not disclose was that he would pay that rate through the
centuries-old fraud known as "robbing Peter to pay Paul." That is, paying early
investors or depositors with money from later ones. Unaware of Zarossi's ploy,
depositors poured their money into the bank.

Ponzi was a mere observer to Zarossi's scheme. But once his boss's scheme
unravelled, he himself was caught forging a cheque, and was sentenced to three
years in prison. Almost immediately upon his release, he landed back in trouble
by helping a group of fellow Italian immigrants cross the border into New York.
He was sentenced to two more years in prison, this time in Atlanta.

Back in Boston in 1919 -- newly married and more determined than ever to achieve
success -- Ponzi struck upon the idea that would make him famous and, briefly,
rich beyond even his outsized dreams.

Like the Enron crew, who claimed to have created huge profits through new forms
of trading in mundane securities, Ponzi maintained he had developed a way to
wring enormous sums from what were essentially penny stamps. His idea -- both
legal and theoretically sound -- involved exploiting disparities in foreign
exchange rates on an obscure postal currency called International Reply Coupons.
He calculated that if he could buy these coupons in bulk in countries whose
economies were still suffering the after-effects of World War I, he could redeem
them for stamps (or even better, cash) in the United States, where their value
would be perhaps 500% higher.

All he needed, Ponzi believed, was a big enough bankroll to launch him on his
grand plan. Alas, he had almost no money, no friends with large sums of ready
cash and no friendly banker who would provide him such a high-risk loan.
Refusing to abandon a plan he considered foolproof, Ponzi decided to go directly
to the public with an offer he suspected no one could refuse.

Investors rushed to cash in on Ponzi's promise of 50% interest in 45 days. Ponzi
truly believed he could pay such high rates with the profits from his coupon
exchange plan and still have more than enough left over for himself. Soon, he
was collecting millions at a time when the average yearly salary was about
$1,300.

For several months, he tried desperately to put his coupon exchange plan into
action, to no avail. It was logistically impossible. There simply was no way to
purchase the postal coupons in large enough quantities, and even if he could
overcome that hurdle, there was no practical way to transfer them into cash.
While he searched frantically for a new idea, Ponzi eventually relied on the old
Peter-Paul fraud he had learned at Zarossi's Bank.

The collapse came in August 1920, after a dramatic, weeks-long clash of wills
and nerve that pitted Ponzi against the young editor at The Boston Post (who
would win one of the first Pulitzer Prizes for his investigation of the affair).
One of the crushing blows was a news story that revealed Ponzi's past in a
Canadian prison. In the Post's wake came a host of federal, state, and local
prosecutors eager to put Ponzi behind bars yet again.

Hoping to avoid a long prison stay, Ponzi first pleaded guilty to two U.S.
federal mail fraud indictments. But then, to Ponzi's surprise, state prosecutors
in Massachusetts decided to try him as well. That was where Ponzi made his last
stand. And his performance put modern-day executive fraud artists to shame.

Dapper as ever, in bespoke suits, fine silk ties and gray spats, he acted as his
own lawyer, charming the jury, grilling witnesses (except for women, to whom he
was unfailingly solicitous) and running circles around prosecutors with a
deceptively simple defence. Its essence: A promise of profits is not larceny, it
is merely a promise; when it comes to investments, promises may be broken when
circumstances change.

Embarrassed, state prosecutors decided to try Ponzi repeatedly. Only on the
third attempt, after prosecutors learned from their mistakes and honed their
responses to Ponzi's persuasive arguments, was he convicted.

He may not have returned his family's aristocratic name. But he at least got it
into the dictionary.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Boston Public Library, Prints Department; After being released on bond on
August 13, 1920, Ponzi marches through downtown Boston, certain that he has
suffered only a temporary setback.; Black & White
Photo: Boston Public Library, Prints Department; Ponzi displays his fancy
walking stick in a pose fit for a drum major.; Black & White
Photo: Boston Public Library, Prints Department; Ponzi poses for a newspaper in
his School Street office in August 1920.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime; Profile

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday

CEO and Managing Director of U.S. Broker-Dealer Plead Guilty to Massive
International Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 1131  words


Washington, D.C.: U.S. Department of Justice has issued the following news
release:

Senior Venezuelan Banking Official Received at Least $5 Million in Bribes in
Exchange for Directing Business to U.S. Defendants

The former chief executive officer and former managing director of a U.S.
broker-dealer (the Broker-Dealer), pleaded guilty to bribery charges arising
from their scheme to pay bribes to Maria De Los Angeles Gonzalez De Hernandez,
who was a senior official in Venezuela's state economic development bank, Banco
de Desarrollo Económico y Social de Venezuela (Bandes), in return for trading
business that generated more than $60 million in commissions.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division and U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara of the Southern District of
New York made the announcement.

"Benito Chinea and Joseph DeMeneses are the fifth and sixth defendants to plead
guilty in connection with this far-reaching bribery scheme, which ranged from
Wall Street to the streets of Caracas," said Assistant Attorney General
Caldwell.  "The guilty pleas and the forfeiture of assets once again demonstrate
that the Department is committed to holding corporate executives who engage in
foreign bribery individually accountable and to deny them the proceeds of their
corruption."

According to the allegations in the indictment and other documents previously
filed in Manhattan federal court:

Benito Chinea, 48, of Manalapan, New Jersey, and Joseph De Meneses, 45, of
Fairfield, Connecticut, working with others, arranged the bribe payments to
Gonzalez in exchange for her directing Bandes's financial trading business to
the Broker-Dealer.  Previously, Gonzalez, along with two employees of the
Broker-Dealer, Tomas Alberto Clarke Bethancourt ("Clarke") and Jose Alejandro
Hurtado ("Hurtado"), pleaded guilty for their involvement in this bribery scheme
.  A managing director of the Broker-Dealer, Ernesto Lujan ("Lujan"), also
pleaded guilty for his role in the scheme.

Background on the Broker-Dealer and Bandes

At all times relevant to the charges, Chinea was the chief executive officer and
De Meneses was a managing director in the Broker-Dealer, which was headquartered
in New York, New York, with offices in Miami, Florida.  In 2008, the
Broker-Dealer established a group called the Global Markets Group, which
included De Meneses, Lujan, and Clarke, and which offered fixed income trading
services to institutional clients.  One of the Broker-Dealer's clients was
Bandes, which operated under the direction of the Venezuelan Ministry of
Finance.  The Venezuelan government had a majority ownership interest in Bandes
and provided it with substantial funding.  Gonzalez was an official at Bandes
and oversaw the development bank's overseas trading activity.  At her direction,
Bandes conducted substantial trading through the Broker-Dealer.  Most of the
trades executed by the Broker-Dealer on behalf of Bandes involved fixed income
investments for which the Broker-Dealer charged Bandes a mark-up on purchases
and a mark-down on sales.

The Bribery Scheme

As alleged in court documents, from late 2008 through 2012, Chinea and De
Meneses, together with three Miami-based Broker-Dealer employees, Lujan, Clarke
and Hurtado, participated in a bribery scheme in which Gonzalez directed trading
business she controlled at Bandes to the Broker-Dealer, and in return, agents
and employees of the Broker-Dealer split the revenue the Broker-Dealer generated
from this trading business with Gonzalez.  During this time period, the
Broker-Dealer generated over $60 million in commissions from trades with Bandes.

In order to conceal their conduct, Chinea, De Meneses and their co-conspirators
routed the payments to Gonzalez, frequently in six-figure amounts, through
third-parties posing as "foreign finders" and into offshore bank accounts.  In
several instances, Chinea personally signed checks worth millions of dollars
that were made payable to one of these purported "foreign finders" and later
deposited in a Swiss bank account.

As further alleged in court documents, as a result of the bribery scheme, Bandes
quickly became the Broker-Dealer's most profitable customer.  As the
relationship continued, however, Gonzalez became increasingly unhappy about the
untimeliness of the payments due her from the Broker-Dealer, and she threatened
to suspend Bandes's business.  In response, De Meneses and Clarke agreed to pay
Gonzalez approximately $1.5 million from their personal funds.  Chinea and De
Meneses agreed to use Broker-Dealer funds to reimburse De Meneses and Clarke for
these bribe payments.  To conceal their true nature, Chinea and De Meneses
agreed to hide these reimbursements in the Broker-Dealer's books as sham loans
from the Broker-Dealer to corporate entities associated with De Meneses and
Clarke.

Chinea and De Meneses each pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Denise L.
Cote of the Southern District of New York to one count of conspiracy to violate
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the Travel Act.  Chinea and De Meneses
have also agreed to pay $3,636,432 and $2,670,612 in forfeiture, respectively,
which amounts represent their earnings from the bribery scheme.  Sentencing
hearings are scheduled for March 27, 2015.

Today's announcement is part of efforts underway by President Obama's Financial
Fraud Enforcement Task Force (FFETF) which was created in November 2009 to wage
an aggressive, coordinated and proactive effort to investigate and prosecute
financial crimes.  With more than 20 federal agencies, 94 U.S. Attorneys'
offices and state and local partners, it is the broadest coalition of law
enforcement, investigatory and regulatory agencies ever assembled to combat
fraud.  Since its formation, the task force has made great strides in
facilitating increased investigation and prosecution of financial crimes;
enhancing coordination and cooperation among federal, state and local
authorities; addressing discrimination in the lending and financial markets and
conducting outreach to the public, victims, financial institutions and other
organizations.  For more information on the task force, visit www.stopfraud.gov.

This case is being investigated by the FBI, and prosecuted Senior Deputy Chief
James Koukios of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and Assistant U.S.
Attorneys Harry A. Chernoff and Jason H. Cowley of the Southern District of New
York.  Assistant U.S. Attorney Carolina Fornos of the Southern District of New
York is responsible for the forfeiture aspects of the case.  The U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission also assisted with this investigation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

Maryland: Columbia Businessman Admits To Using Client Money For His Own Illegal
Benefit

LENGTH: 520  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Maryland has issued the
following press release:

Pedro Santiago, age 43, of Columbia, Maryland pleaded guilty today to wire fraud
in connection with two fraud schemes in which he illegally used $282,000 of his
clients' money.

The guilty plea was announced by United States Attorney for the District of
Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein and Special Agent in Charge Stephen E. Vogt of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation.

According to his plea, from February 2009 to January 2010, Santiago engaged in
two separate fraud schemes, holding himself out in both schemes as a managing
partner and business consultant for DST Services, located at 7500 Greenway
Center Drive in Greenbelt, Maryland. DST Services was not registered to do
business in Maryland.

In the first scheme, Santiago promised that he would obtain a business line of
credit for a victim of between $550,000 and $750,000, if the victim paid
Santiago $20,500. On February 12, 2009, Santiago caused to be wired $20,500 from
the victim's bank account in California into Santiago's account in Maryland.
Instead of obtaining the line of credit for the victim, Santiago spent the money
on himself and others.

In the second scheme, Santiago promised victims that if they loaned him money,
or invested with him, he would broker a deal involving crude oil or other
commodities in which the victims would receive a return on their loan or
investment. Santiago caused five victims to wire transfer or send by check a
total of $261,500. Instead of using the money to broker deals involving
commodities, Santiago used the money for himself or others.

Santiago faces a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison followed by three years
of supervised release and a fine of $250,000. Santiago has agreed to forfeit and
pay restitution of $282,000, the total loss under both schemes. U.S. District
Judge J. Frederick Motz scheduled his sentencing for January 27, 2015, at 2:15
p.m.

Today's announcement is part of efforts underway by President Obama's Financial
Fraud Enforcement Task Force (FFETF) which was created in November 2009 to wage
an aggressive, coordinated and proactive effort to investigate and prosecute
financial crimes. With more than 20 federal agencies, 94 U.S. attorneys' offices
and state and local partners, it's the broadest coalition of law enforcement,
investigatory and regulatory agencies ever assembled to combat fraud. Since its
formation, the task force has made great strides in facilitating increased
investigation and prosecution of financial crimes; enhancing coordination and
cooperation among federal, state and local authorities; addressing
discrimination in the lending and financial markets and conducting outreach to
the public, victims, financial institutions and other organizations. Since the
inception of FFETF in November 2009, the Justice Department has filed more than
12,841 financial fraud cases against nearly 18,737 defendants including nearly
3,500 mortgage fraud defendants.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Glendale News-Press (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 30, 2012 Tuesday

Five tri-city residents plead not guilty in bank fraud scheme

BYLINE: Veronica Rocha, Glendale News-Press, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 487 words


Oct. 30--Five residents from the Glendale-Burbank-Pasadena area pleaded not
guilty Monday to federal charges that they used cash advance kiosks in casinos
to steal more than $1 million from Citibank, officials said.

Pasadena resident Asatur Asatryan, 33, and Glendale residents Ara Harutyunyan,
30, Artur Harutyunyan, 24, Seryozha Harutyuyan, 59, and Hilda Hakverdyan, 53,
were among 14 defendants indicted on charges stemming from their alleged
involvement in a bank fraud scheme dubbed "Gone in 60 Seconds," according to the
U.S. District Attorney's office in San Diego.

The alleged mastermind of the scheme, Ara Keshishyan, 29, of Fillmore, recruited
conspirators to open Citibank accounts in their names, according to the
indictment, which was unsealed in U.S. District Court on Friday.

Keshishyan allegedly supplied his co-defendants with seed money -- between
$9,000 and $10,000 each -- to deposit in their bank accounts, according to the
indictment.

Depositing more than $10,000 in cash at a time triggers federal banking
reporting requirements for transactions.

Once the money was deposited, the co-defendants visited casinos in Southern
California and Nevada and used their Citibank cards to withdraw cash from Global
Cash Access kiosks inside, according to the indictment.

They allegedly exploited a loophole in Citibank's account security procedures
"which required multiple withdrawals all within 60 seconds," according to a
statement from the U.S. District Attorney's office.

The procedure treated "identical, near-simultaneous withdrawals as duplicates of
a single withdrawal" from a checking account, according to the indictment,
allegedly allowing them to withdraw more money than the account contained.

Keshishyan allegedly gave his co-defendants a cut of the fraudulent proceeds for
their participation in the scheme, which began May 2009 and ended in January
2010, according to the indictment.

Asatryan and the Glendale co-defendants were charged with conspiracy to commit
bank fraud and conspiracy to illegally structure transactions to avoid reporting
requirements. They face up to five years in prison and $250,000 fines, according
to the U.S. District Attorney's Office.

Burbank resident Sarkis Mooshidian, 37, also pleaded not guilty on Friday to the
same charges, according to court documents. He was released from custody after
posting a $20,000 bond and was ordered to surrender his passport.

The indictment alleges that in 2009, Mooshidian withdrew $9,850 five times, and
$9,350 another five times, from two Citibank accounts using the cash advance
kiosk at the Wynn Casino in Las Vegas.

The defendants are due back in court in U.S. District Court in San Diego next
month.

Follow Veronica Rocha on Google+ and Twitter @VeronicaRochaLA.

___ (c)2012 the Glendale News-Press (Glendale, Calif.) Visit the Glendale
News-Press (Glendale, Calif.) at www.glendalenewspress.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121030-1GL-Five-tri-city-residents-plead-not-guilty-in-bank-fraud-
scheme-1030-20121030

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1GL


                       Copyright 2012 Glendale News-Press


                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                             August 30, 2013 Friday

Paul Lewis: Bike-share scheme gets off to ambitious start

SECTION: NEWS; General

LENGTH: 369 words


San Francisco"s bike-share scheme starts today and it will be fascinating to see
if the community-minded citizens of this city do better than New York - or
Auckland.

This is perhaps a much more bike-minded city than Auckland; the ill-fated
Auckland scheme closed down in 2010 after opening in 2009. Part of the problem
was compulsory helmet laws - the convenience of using a bike to finish your
commute is restricted if you have to lump a helmet around.

The practice of fixing a helmet to the share bikes was also flawed; there were
worries about passing head lice or other medical problems on. Melbourne and
Brisbane got round the problem by offering subsidised helmets for $5 at many
convenience stores and two vending machines. The helmets can be returned to the
retail outlet for a $3 refund. In California, people over 18 don"t have to wear
helmets.

New York"s bike-sharing scheme is only a few months old and has gone well -
except for a few problems.

One, commuters are indeed using them to ride from a rail or bus station and
docking them at a point closer to work. But not as many are riding them back.
That means they end up with an oversupply of bikes at the wrong end of the city.
Large lorries have to go to these areas and then truck the bikes to where they
are needed for the next day.

Two, patrons of inner-city bars have realised that the free bikes are a
wonderful way to get home and New York streets are now home to a far greater
percentage of drunk cyclists in office clothes.

San Francisco is starting out with 700 bikes at 70 stations in San Francisco,
San Jose, Palo Alto, Mountain View and Redwood City. It hopes to expand to
Berkeley and Oakland and other areas in the Bay region - a large footprint.

Starting today, members who pay $88 for a year or $9 a day for an electronic key
can check out a bike at one station and leave it at another. To encourage short
trips, bike use is free for 30 minutes or less, while overtime fees can add up
to $150 a day.

The initial cost to the city is US$7 million ($8.9 million). It is part of a
nationwide move to find cheap ways to move people, cut congestion and pollution,
and improve public health.

But we haven"t yet been able to make it work in Auckland.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 10, 2000, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

7 Federal Inspectors Plead Guilty in Kickback Scheme at Produce Market

BYLINE: By BENJAMIN WEISER

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 495 words


Seven federal food inspectors who graded shipments of fresh fruit and vegetables
at the Hunts Point Terminal Market in the Bronx pleaded guilty yesterday to
taking bribes in a broad kickback scheme that allowed wholesalers to cheat their
suppliers.

Federal prosecutors in Manhattan have convicted all of the Department of
Agriculture inspectors who were arrested last fall in the phony inspection
scheme, including an eighth inspector who pleaded guilty last December and who
is cooperating with the government.

In court yesterday, each of the seven admitted tersely to Judge Lewis A. Kaplan
that he had taken bribes in return for declaring produce at Hunts Point to be of
lower quality, allowing wholesalers to pay less to growers.

The government has also charged 13 owners and employees of wholesalers at Hunts
Point as being part of the scheme, which dated to the early 1980's, a
prosecutor, Evan T. Barr, said in court. Two of the 13 employees of wholesalers
have also pleaded guilty, and charges are pending against the rest.

The scheme, which involved thousands of fake inspections, did not result in the
sale of tainted or lower-quality fruit and vegetables to the public, officials
have said, but was so pervasive that some growers told the authorities that they
no longer wanted to sell their produce in New York.

Those pleading guilty yesterday were David L. Ball, 51, and Paul I. Cutler, 48,
both of the Bronx; Edmund R. Esposito, 35, of East Rockaway, N.Y.; Glenn A.
Jones, 38, of Glen Oaks, N.Y.; Elias Malavet, 53, of Carle Place, N.Y.; Michael
Strusiak, 42, of Stafford, Va.; and Michael Tsamis, 45, of Astoria, Queens.

The eighth inspector, Thomas C. Vincent, 43, who had worked at Hunts Point for
eight years, told Judge Kaplan last December when he pleaded guilty to
racketeering that he and his fellow inspectors had "engaged in a corrupt scheme,
" "to collect bribes from owners and employees of wholesale produce firms in
exchange for agreeing to downgrade inspected produce."

"At all times during this scheme," he said, "I understood that my conduct was
wrong and unlawful."

Mr. Vincent is likely to receive a reduced sentence in return for his
cooperation.

Mary Jo White, the United States attorney for the Southern District of
Manhattan, said yesterday that the investigation was continuing, but she did not
elaborate.

Ms. White said last fall that the inspectors involved in the scheme, who made
$40,000 to $50,000 in annual salaries, got at least twice that amount in
kickbacks. The convictions grew out of "Operation Forbidden Fruit," a
two-and-a-half-year undercover investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and the inspector general of the Agriculture Department.

As part of the deals that led to the pleas, prosecutors will drop racketeering
charges, records show. Each of the seven inspectors faces a term of 18 to 33
months in prison and thousands of dollars in fines. They will be sentenced on
May 22.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Watertown Daily Times

                           September 30, 2005, Friday

Lowville, N.Y., man indicted in investment scheme

BYLINE: By David C. Shampine

LENGTH: 573 words



A federal grand jury on Thursday indicted a Lowville man in a Ponzi scheme, an
alleged investment scam that eventually caused the closing of a popular Lewis
County restaurant and drained funds from a Watertown church.

John M. Vance, 47, of 5349 Dayan St., is charged with conspiracy by a grand jury
in Pittsburgh, Pa., according to the U.S. attorney's office for the Western
District of Pennsylvania.

Mr. Vance is named in the indictment as "the primary force" in the scheme, which
promised that investors could double their money, a press release from the
Pittsburgh office said.

Among people who lost large amounts of cash to the scheme were Mr. and Mrs.
Irving F. Post, former owners of Greystone Manor, Martinsburg, and Stephen P.
Bryant, who as former senior pastor of Liberty Christian Center was alleged to
have used church funds.

The indictment also makes reference to another key player as D.F., a deceased
person.

When an investigation opened early in 2004, Donald A. Finnie of Pittsburgh was
named as the creator of Freeway International, the vehicle used to defraud
investors in the Ponzi scheme.

Mr. Finnie was 29 when he was killed Dec. 20 in St. Petersburg, Fla., when the
stolen car he was driving slammed into a pickup truck.

Mr. Vance was the salesman who collected substantial amounts of cash from
victims who believed they were making safe investments, the U.S. attorney's
office said.

"The investors were not informed that Vance's commission would consist of the
first 40 percent of the money invested," eventually bringing him $ 1.7 million
in earnings, the agency's press release alleged.

He told his clients that his partner operated a work-at-home business that could
double their money. The clients were made confident about their investments when
they began receiving payments, and therefore put more of their cash into the
program.

"In reality, the returned money came from new investors, not from any returns on
investments," the U.S. attorney said.

Mr. and Mrs. Post invested $ 110,000, and their return was only $ 28,000, the
New York attorney general's office confirmed to the Times. Another client, Gary
E. Crill, Lowville, told the Times that he and his wife, Amy, made a $ 20,000
investment and got $ 8,000 back.

By use of mail and "interstate wires," Mr. Vance "caused several persons from
Indiana to travel interstate to Monroeville (Pa.) for the purpose of investing
in the bogus scheme," the government alleged.

The charge carries possible maximum penalties of five years in prison and/or a $
250,000 fine, although the U.S. attorney cautioned that the actual sentence, if
Mr. Vance is convicted, would be based on the seriousness of the offense and on
his criminal history, if he has one.

No date was disclosed for Mr. Vance's arraignment on the charge. When contacted
by the Times Thursday night, Mr. Vance confirmed he is aware of the indictment,
but declined additional comment.

The investigation was conducted by the U.S. Postal Inspection Service.



-----

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.wdt.net. Copyright (c) 2005, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: WE-INVESTMENT-SCHEME-20050930

JOURNAL-CODE: WE

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                      Copyright 2005 Watertown Daily Times


                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 14, 1991, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Miller Is Found Guilty of Fraud; Speaker Loses Seat in Assembly

BYLINE: By ARNOLD H. LUBASCH

SECTION: Section 1; Page 1; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1302 words


Assembly Speaker Mel Miller was convicted of fraud charges yesterday, shattering
his career as one of the most powerful politicians in New York State.

Mr. Miller, of Brooklyn, was convicted of 8 of the 19 felony charges against
him. The verdict means that he is automatically expelled from the State Assembly
and faces the likelihood of going to prison and being disbarred. It also
promises to have broad impact in Albany, where, as the Assembly's top Democrat,
he was one of the chief negotiators in efforts to solve the state's worsening
budget problems.

On another level, the conviction could play a role in Presidential politics,
since Gov. Mario M. Cuomo has said that without a budget solution, it would be
difficult for him to run for President. [Page 27.]

Sharp Contest Is Expected

Mr. Miller, who has held the top Assembly position for five years, will be
temporarily replaced by the majority leader, James R. Tallon Jr., a Binghamton
Democrat. But a sharply contested race is expected for the post.

In the case, which did not involve Mr. Miller's work in government, Mr. Miller
and his Assembly aide and onetime law partner, Jay Adolf, were charged with
cheating legal clients out of some of the profits from investments in
cooperative apartments. They acknowledged receiving a total of about $250,000 in
three deals, but denied defrauding clients.

Mr. Miller is not the first Speaker to face criminal charges. Two of his three
most recent predecessors, Perry B. Duryea, a Republican, and Stanley Steingut, a
Democrat, were indicted, but the charges were dismissed.

Mr. Miller, 52 years old, said last night that he would appeal, but he
acknowledged that his role in Albany was over. "I think it's a disgrace," he
said of his prosecution. "I think it was a political witch hunt."

The United States Attorney in Brooklyn, Andrew J. Maloney, a Republican, said
that the prosecution was not politically motivated, noting that it grew out of a
1988 investigation by the Brooklyn District Attorney's Office, which was in the
hands of Democrats.

"It's always a sad situation when any public official is indicted and
convicted," Mr. Maloney added. "I feel sorry for Mr. Miller and Mr. Adolf and
their families."

Governor Cuomo said of the verdict: "The law is the law. But this is a tragedy
in many ways, most of all for Mel Miller and his family. We pray for their
strength."

In Mr. Miller's Flatbush neighborhood there was also disappointment. His
next-door neighbor on Rugby Road, Charles Rothblatt, 81, said last night: "I
never associated him with anything of that sort. I suppose when that old buck
raises its head, so many of our executives don't hesitate. I guess after a while
you see all the guys digging in and you figure, 'Me too.' "

Although the charges did not involve Mr. Miller's political role, the importance
of the outcome for the Legislature was not lost on the dozens of Assembly
members and other political figures who visited the courtroom to confer with him
and demonstrate their support.

Each of the charges, all felonies, carried penalties of up to five years in
prison and a maximum fine of $250,000. Conviction on any charge also meant
automatic expulsion from the Assembly under state law.

The jury convicted each defendant of six charges of fraud, one of conspiracy and
one of using an assumed name, all involving one scheme to secretly buy and
resell eight apartments in a Brooklyn building. The jury found that they had
deprived their clients of the right to buy the apartments and receive the
profits.

It acquitted them of all charges involving the two other schemes.

False Names and Forgery

Testifying as the prosecution's main witness, Avi Cohen, who owns a real-estate
firm in Brooklyn, told the jury that the defendants participated with him in
schemes that included deceitful conduct, false names and forged documents to
acquire and conceal investments in the apartments.

The defense vigorously attacked Mr. Cohen's testimony. Portraying him as a
devious real-estate dealer and wealthy tax cheat, they accused him of arranging
the transactions, hiding any fraud from the defendants and then lying about them
to obtain immunity for himself.

Testifying in their own defense, Mr. Miller and Mr. Adolf said they relied on
Mr. Cohen for the investments.

Mr. Miller has represented the 44th Assembly district, covering parts of
Flatbush, Midwood, Kensington and Park Slope, for 21 years. Mr. Adolf, 50, is
his executive counsel.

Charges Involve 3 Schemes

In the indictment, both were charged with three fraudulent schemes -- each
scheme carrying a charge of conspiracy and several related mail-fraud charges.
There was also a charge of using assumed names in two of the schemes.

One scheme concerned the purchase of 122 cooperative apartments in a Brooklyn
building, the Philip Howard Apartments, at 1655 Flatbush Avenue. The defendants
were accused of negotiating the purchase for clients, secretly buying eight of
the apartments for themselves and Mr. Cohen, then reselling them at a $200,000
profit, while receiving $238,000 in legal fees. It was for this scheme that the
jury convicted them, finding that they had defrauded their clients of the
$200,000 profit.

The second plan, for which they were acquitted, involved acquiring another
apartment in the same building with Mr. Cohen, who admitted forging a dying
tenant's name on some documents. That apartment was sold at a profit of $75,000.
The defendants shared in the profit, but denied knowing about the forgery.

The trial took an odd turn when Meyer Rosenbaum, described by the prosecution as
the principal fraud victim, testified that he was happy with the way Mr. Miller
obtained the apartments for him, adding that the $2.3 million investment turned
out "great."

'Victim' Is Not Unhappy

Another satisfied witness was the building's original owner, Isaac Rokowsky, who
was supposedly victimized by the loss of the apartment involving forged
documents. He said he did not know Mr. Miller was investing in his building but
would have been "delighted" if he had known.

After the Rosenbaum-Rokowsky testimony, the prosecution produced a dissatisfied
witness, Mary Langowski, who told the jury that she felt cheated by Mr. Adolf.
Her apartment, at 315 East 77th Street in Manhattan, was the subject of the
third scheme charged in the indictment.

Mrs. Langowski, 72 years old, testified that she hired Mr. Adolf to sell her
insider's right to the apartment and that he advised her to sell it to Mr. Cohen
for $36,000 without informing her that they were reselling it for a $27,000
profit. Mr. Adolf maintained that he had properly informed her.

In all three deals, the defendants shared all the profits and fees with Mr.
Cohen, who received half the money. A Cohen associate also received a share in
one transaction. As a result, Mr. Miller and Mr. Adolf each received about
$129,000.

Politician-Hunting

In summations last week, the defense lawyers argued that the prosecution went
after Mr. Miller to capture a prize politician.

Judge Raymond J. Dearie instructed the jury on the legal principles governing
the case, including the distinction between a crime and a violation of ethics.

"An attorney or a fiduciary has an obligation to disclose material facts about a
transaction to his client," the judge told the jury. But he added that "one may
violate a fiduciary or ethical duty without intending to defraud a client."

To convict on the fraud charges, the judge said, it was necessary to find that
the defendants had a "specific intent to defraud" and that they concealed
information to obtain money that rightfully belonged to clients. But he said it
was not necessary to find that victims "actually suffered any loss."

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Assembly Speaker Mel Miller after being convicted of fraud.
(Steve Hart for The New York Times)(pg. 1)

Chart: "SCORECARD: OTHER SPEAKERS AND THE LAW"

Three of the four speakers of the New York State Assembly elected since 1969
have spent time in courtrooms as well as the Capitol. A Senate majority leader
has also faced charges. Mel Miller yesterday became the first of the indicted
leaders to be convicted

INDICTED:

Perry B. Duryea Jr.
Speaker; Republican of Montaik, L.I. -- Indicted in Manhattan in 1973 for
political "dirty tricks" -- an alleged scheme to help Republican candidates by
siphoning Democratic votes to the Liberal Party line. The charges were dismssed
two months later on constitutional grounds.

Stanley Steingut
Speaker; Democrat of Brooklyn -- Indicted in Brooklyn in 1975 under an obscure
provision of the election law. He was charged with arranging for an honorary job
for a contributor to his son's City Council campaign. Those charges were later
dropped, but Mr. Steingut, damaged politically, was defeated in a DemocratiC
Primary in 1978.

UNTOUCHED
Stanley Fink
Speaker; Democrat of Brooklyn -- He was the lone speaker in the last two decades
to leave the office voluntarily and with his reputation intact. When he retired
to practice law, Mr. Fink was succeeded by Mr. Miller, another Brooklyn
Democrat, who was elected speaker in 1987. (pg. 27)


"THE VERDICT: HOW THE JURY VOTED IN THE MILLER TRIAL"

The 19 charges against Mel Miller, the State Assembly Speaker, and Jay Adolf,
his executive council, were divided into three alleged schemes involving
investments in cooperative apartments. Avi Cohen, who worked for a reality
company, was a partner, but not a defendant, in all three schemes. Mr. Cohen was
the prosecution's main witness.

Scheme One -- Defendants negotiated the purchase of 122 apartments in a Brooklyn
building for clients, secretly bought and resold eight for themselves and Mr.
Cohen for a profit of $200,000 and a legal fee of $238,000 shared with Mr,
Cohen.

Count 1 -- Mail Fraud . . . Guilty
Count 2 -- Mail Fraud . . . Not Guilty
Counts 3-7 -- Mail Fraud . . . Guilty
Count 8 -- Use of false name . . . Guilty
Count 9 -- Conspiracy . . . Guilty

Scheme Two -- Defendants were charged with acquiring apartments of a tenent in
the same building, with the help of a document forged by Mr. Cohen, and
reselling apartment for $75,000 profit shared with Mr. Cohen and an associate.

Counts 10-13 -- Mail Fraud . . . Not Guilty
Count 14 -- Use of false name . . . Not Guilty
Count 15 -- Conspiracy . . . Guilty

Scheme Three -- Defendants were charged with obtaining a tenant's right to an
apartment in a Manhattan building for Mr. Cohen an dsecretly reselling it for a
$27,000 profit, with a $3,000 legal fee shared with Mr. Cohen.

Counts 16-18 -- Mail Fraud . . . Not Guilty
Count 19 -- Conspiracy . . . Not Guilty
(pg. 27)

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             June 10, 2014 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

JEFFREYS GETS 8 YEARS IN PRISON 'Notorious fraudster' must pay victims $9.3
million

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 376 words


A Spokane developer who swindled millions from investors and banks in complex
real estate schemes, including one involving the decrepit Ridpath Hotel
downtown, was sentenced Monday to eight years in federal prison and ordered to
pay $9.3 million to his victims.

Greg Jeffreys, who pleaded guilty last year to wire fraud in a series of real
estate schemes from 2006 to 2013, learned his fate at the conclusion of a
three-day sentencing and restitution hearing in U.S. District Court in Spokane.

"Greg Jeffreys became a notorious fraudster in the Spokane area and elsewhere,"
U.S. Attorney Michael Ormsby said in a prepared statement. "I commend the FBI
and members of my office for their dedication and tenacity in unraveling
Jeffreys' fraudulent schemes and vigorously pursuing restitution for the victims
of Jeffreys' crimes."

Jeffreys in November admitted to several felonies, including wire fraud, bank
fraud and conspiracy to commit felony criminal contempt. He had promised lavish
returns on investments in condominiums, Ridpath units and a military entrance
processing station off Highway 2. It took investigators years to unwind the
tangled schemes.

The vacant Ridpath and all of the financial problems that turned it into a
high-rise eyesore in the heart of Spokane have been partly blamed on Jeffreys.

His ex-wife, Kimberly Jeffreys, pleaded guilty in February to a charge of fraud
in dealings surrounding the military facility. She has yet to be sentenced for
her role in the scheme but faces a potential six-month sentence and restitution
of close to $160,000.

Shannon Stiltner, a woman who lived with Greg Jeffreys in Las Vegas and pleaded
guilty in November to deliberately ignoring signs her boyfriend was swindling
investors, is serving her seven-month sentence at a federal detention center in
Seattle.

Stiltner has been ordered to pay $58,000 in restitution and is scheduled for
release in August.

Court records detailed a lifestyle in the fast lane for Jeffreys, a University
High School graduate who owned a showy three-story home in Spokane Valley as
well as residences in Arizona, Las Vegas and elsewhere. Prosecutors say Jeffreys
gambled away hundreds of thousands of dollars while sharing a suite with
Stiltner at the Mandalay Bay casino.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            April 23, 2014 Wednesday
                            PITTSBURGH PRESS EDITION

FIVE INDICTED IN IDENTITY THEFT SCHEME;
TARGETED 2,400 PEOPLE NATIONWIDE

BYLINE: Rich Lord The Pittsburgh Press

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 345 words


U.S. Attorney David Hickton today announced the indictments of five people from
three states who are charged with conspiracy to commit fraud and aggravated
identity theft in a scheme with 2,400 victims that cost the IRS $10 million.

The defendants are all of Nigerian descent and some of the money was wired to
that African country, according to officials. Charged are Doherty Kushimo, 52,
of Providence, R.I.; Saburi Adeyemi, 56, of Memphis, Tenn.; and New York area
residents Abiodun Bakre, 49, Adetunji Gbadeshi, 57, and Adebola Mejule, 54.

They are being prosecuted in federal court in Erie because the nine-year scheme
was discovered there.

The five are accused of obtaining names, Social Security numbers and dates of
birth of thousands of people from sources that have not yet been fully
identified, and then setting up bank accounts, filing false tax returns to get
refunds and opening credit card accounts in those people's names.

''This is on a scale that's unprecedented here,'' said Mr. Hickton. About 100
financial institutions were used by the defendants, he said, including PNC Bank,
which helped authorities in their investigation.

Because the scheme was sophisticated and national in scope, it went undetected
until 2012, when an employee at Widget Financial in Erie noticed that the same
phone number was listed on two otherwise different account applications.That
employee contacted the FBI, which then worked with IRS Criminal Investigations
to probe the scheme.

The victims were mostly young people from across the country, chosen because
they are less likely to file their tax returns early in the process, according
to FBI assistant special agent in charge Patrick Fallon Jr.

''What these criminals steal in a second also takes the victims years to
recover,'' said Mr. Hickton. He said the defendants could face prison terms in
the 17- to 20-year range.

The defendants are under arrest and are being arraigned in Erie.

Mr. Fallon called the indictment ''the tip of the iceberg'' in an investigation
that could last many years and bring charges against others.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

New victim comes forward in alleged housing scheme

BYLINE: Izaskun E. Larrañeta, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1060 words


Dec. 17--The new year of 2014 was off to a rough start for Marilyn Mejias.

She had recently lost her job as a medical office assistant and her long-term
relationship with the father of her 4-year-old son had ended badly.

Newly single, Mejias needed to move from the home she shared with her
ex-boyfriend in Groton, her son and an 18-year-old daughter from another
relationship.

"I was really desperate," she said. "So much was going on and I needed to find a
home quickly."

Mejias came forward after an investigation in The Day last month found more than
a half-dozen instances across the state in which property owners facing
foreclosure believe they were victims of a scheme run by a man convicted of
similar illegal activity in New Jersey.

Mejias, 33, said she found a home to rent in Ledyard on Craigslist. She called
the number on the ad and her call was immediately returned from a man who called
himself "Matt."

After a quick walk-through of a home at 44 Meeting House Lane, Mejias signed a
lease with New Haven Investments and gave Matt a cashier's check made out to New
Haven Investments for $2,440.

The lease also said Mejias would receive $3,750 in credits in exchange for
agreeing to do cosmetic work like painting and redoing the floors. Her first
rental payment of $1,250 would be due on June 20.

But Mejias never moved in. She said broken windows were never repaired, the
furnace was not working and a sliding door to the outside could not close.

Matt is Timothy W. Burke, who also goes by Jimmy and Bill. Burke, now 63, was
sentenced in 2003 in U.S. District Court in New Jersey to 60 months in prison
for participating in an "equity skimming" scheme. According to New Jersey court
records, Burke and his co-defendants told various homeowners who were in default
of their mortgages that by selling their property to their management company
they could walk away from their debts and other financial obligations. However,
authorities said, Burke and his associates didn't buy the properties but instead
rented them out and diverted tens of thousands of dollars per month in rental
income to themselves, rather than applying it toward mortgage or tax payments.

The Day's investigation found similar cases across Connecticut -- in Bridgeport,
New London, Griswold, Waterbury, Plymouth, Portland, Andover, New Haven and West
Haven.

Law enforcement officials believe that Burke is running a variation of the New
Jersey equity skimming scheme here. One officer said his department has turned
over its investigation to the FBI. Burke and his associates have not been
charged in Connecticut.

As with the other properties, the house at 44 Meeting House Lane was under
foreclosure. Craig and Dawn Petersen owned the home before getting divorced.
Craig Petersen said he hadn't lived in the home since 2009. He said his now
ex-wife, Dawn DePriest, was contacted by someone and she made a deal with them
to buy the house.

"I don't know much more than that," said Petersen. "She's the one that made the
deal."

DePriest could not be reached to comment.

The home was foreclosed on Sept. 9. A woman who answered the door Monday said
she was renting the home from Fannie Mae and had no dealings with New Haven
Investments.

'A living hell'

After turning down the Ledyard rental, Mejias said she needed to find another
place to move into and this time used a rental agency to find an apartment in
New London, where she has been living since April.

"I've always rented a home," said Mejias. "I've always had a back yard so my
kids can play, and while I'm grateful to have a roof over my head, we are living
in a small space."

Soon after she moved into her New London apartment, she contacted Burke to get
her money back and didn't hear anything from him.

She then had attorney John C. Wirzbicki at Brown Jacobson in Norwich write a
letter and mail it to the address she had for New Haven Investments.

"You attempted to rent the property to her in 'as is' condition," the letter
said. "Since the premises were uninhabitable, this amounted to an illegal
attempt to avoid your responsibilities under the Landlord-Tenant Act. Ms.
Mejias, as you know, has not moved into the premises. You have represented to
her on several occasions that you will return her money to her, but you have not
done so."

The letter, dated April 14, demanded the return of her deposit within 10 days.
At first, Mejias said, the letter seemed to work. She was mailed a $500 money
order and then about two weeks letter another money order in the amount of $250
arrived in the mail.

But then the money stopped.

Mejias said Burke didn't return her phone calls. A friend who had an
out-of-state cell phone number called Burke on Mejias' behalf. This time Burke
picked up the phone and said the check was in the mail.

Mejias said the never received the remainder of her money.

"I used my tax return money to pay for the Ledyard home," she said. "Things are
rough for me financially and that was a lot of money that I couldn't afford to
lose."

Mejias said she decided not to sue because at that time she didn't know Burke's
real identity nor did she know where he lived.

"It would cost me more to sue him than what I lost," she said. "I think he takes
advantage of that."

Mejias said she also contacted the attorney who represented New Haven
Investments, Bradford Barneys, but she never heard back from him.

The Day has been unable to reach Burke. Barneys told The Day on Monday that he
has "terminated" his representation of New Haven Investments but would not say
when that occurred.

Barneys said he solely represented New Haven Investments in landlord-tenant
matters like evictions. But when Barneys was questioned about homeowners going
to his office and signing their homes over in quitclaim deeds to companies
affiliated with Burke, and then losing the homes to foreclosure, Barneys said he
was not at liberty to discuss those matters because of attorney-client
privilege.

"I no longer represent them," said Barneys. "The relationship is over."

Mejias said she has run through a gamut of emotions, feeling angry, sad and
desperate as a result of her dealings with Burke.

"It's been a living hell ... knowing that I've been taken advantage of," she
said.

i.larraneta@theday.com

Twitter: @larraneta

___ (c)2014 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141217-NL-New-victim-comes-forward-in-alleged-housing-scheme
-1217-20141217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2014 The Day


                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 16, 2016 Saturday

Metairie Woman Convicted Of Multi-State Bank Fraud Scheme And Aggravated
Identity Theft

LENGTH: 387  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys,Middle District of Louisiana has issued
the following news release:



  United States Attorney Walt Green announced today that MARSHA COLE, age 56, of
Metairie, Louisiana, pled guilty yesterday before Chief U.S. District Judge
Brian A. Jackson to aggravated identity theft and engaging in a scheme to
defraud numerous banks in Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas.  As part of the
scheme, COLE embezzled approximately $102,257 from her victim accounts at
several banks.  She is set to be sentenced on November 17, 2016.





 At yesterday's hearing, COLE admitted that she obtained the personal
identifiable information (PII) of her victims and used that information to
create fraudulent identification cards.  Armed with that information, COLE went
to banks associated with her victims, forged their signatures, and withdrew
funds.  Throughout her scheme, COLE admitted that she attempted to withdraw over
$136,000 during over thirty-one (31) attempted withdrawals from victim accounts
at twenty-one (21) different banks in Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas.
Ultimately, COLE was able to withdraw over $102,257 from victim accounts.



 United States Attorney Green stated: "Fraud against our banks threatens not
just the financial institutions, but also their customers and ultimately the
taxpayers.  This case is another example of my office working together with our
law enforcement partners to aggressively investigate and prosecute identity
theft offenses, one of the fastest growing crimes in America."



 FBI Special Agent-In-Charge Jeffrey S. Sallet stated: "This case is yet another
example of the FBI's commitment to work with our partners at the United States
Attorney's Office to investigate and prosecute individuals who willingly violate
the law in order to personally enrich themselves at the expense of others."



 This matter is being prosecuted by the United States Attorney's Office for the
Middle District of Louisiana.  The investigation has been conducted by the Baton
Rouge Resident Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Louisiana
State Police.  The matter is being prosecuted by Assistant United States
Attorney Jessica M.P. Thornhill.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 16, 2016 Saturday

Metairie Woman Convicted Of Multi-State Bank Fraud Scheme And Aggravated
Identity Theft

LENGTH: 387  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys,Middle District of Louisiana has issued
the following news release:



  United States Attorney Walt Green announced today that MARSHA COLE, age 56, of
Metairie, Louisiana, pled guilty yesterday before Chief U.S. District Judge
Brian A. Jackson to aggravated identity theft and engaging in a scheme to
defraud numerous banks in Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas.  As part of the
scheme, COLE embezzled approximately $102,257 from her victim accounts at
several banks.  She is set to be sentenced on November 17, 2016.





 At yesterday's hearing, COLE admitted that she obtained the personal
identifiable information (PII) of her victims and used that information to
create fraudulent identification cards.  Armed with that information, COLE went
to banks associated with her victims, forged their signatures, and withdrew
funds.  Throughout her scheme, COLE admitted that she attempted to withdraw over
$136,000 during over thirty-one (31) attempted withdrawals from victim accounts
at twenty-one (21) different banks in Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas.
Ultimately, COLE was able to withdraw over $102,257 from victim accounts.



 United States Attorney Green stated: "Fraud against our banks threatens not
just the financial institutions, but also their customers and ultimately the
taxpayers.  This case is another example of my office working together with our
law enforcement partners to aggressively investigate and prosecute identity
theft offenses, one of the fastest growing crimes in America."



 FBI Special Agent-In-Charge Jeffrey S. Sallet stated: "This case is yet another
example of the FBI's commitment to work with our partners at the United States
Attorney's Office to investigate and prosecute individuals who willingly violate
the law in order to personally enrich themselves at the expense of others."



 This matter is being prosecuted by the United States Attorney's Office for the
Middle District of Louisiana.  The investigation has been conducted by the Baton
Rouge Resident Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Louisiana
State Police.  The matter is being prosecuted by Assistant United States
Attorney Jessica M.P. Thornhill.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 22, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Boeing Subcontractor Sentenced on Federal Fraud Charges

LENGTH: 360  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The final defendant in a bribery/kickback scheme involving Boeing military
aircraft parts, Jeffrey Lavelle, owner and operator of J. L. Manufacturing was
sentenced to 15 months in prison and ordered to pay a $50,000 fine. J.L.
Manufacturing of Everett, Washington, is an aerospace job machine shop
specializing in hard metals, with the capability of producing small to medium
sized complex parts of ferrous and non-ferrous materials, and was a
sub-contractor to Boeing on numerous United States government F-15 fighter jet
contracts.

Over several years, Lavelle and his co-defendant Robert Diaz, Jr. made cash
payments to co-defendant Deon Anderson, a Boeing Procurement Officer, in
exchange for non-public company financial and bid information. J.L.
Manufacturing obtained approximately $2,000,000 in Boeing sub contracts through
the bribery scheme, while Deon Anderson was paid approximately $250,000 from
J.L. Manufacturing and another subcontractor located in the Los Angeles,
California area through the scheme.

Last month, former Boeing Procurement Officer Deon Anderson was sentenced to 20
months in prison in connection with a bribery/kickback scheme involving Boeing
military aircraft parts, as well as structuring currency transactions to conceal
his receipt of the cash bribes. Co-defendants William P. Boozer, Hacienda
Heights, CA, was sentenced to 18 months in prison, a fine of $10,000; and Robert
Diaz, Jr., Alta Loma, CA, was sentenced to 15 months in prison and a fine of
$2000.

All defendants were sentenced by United States District Judge Henry Autrey, in
St. Louis.

This case was investigated by Defense Criminal Investigative Service, Federal
Bureau of Investigation, NASA-Office of Inspector General, Air Force Office of
Special Investigations, Navy Criminal Investigative Service, and Internal
Revenue Service Criminal Investigation. Assistant United States Attorney Hal
Goldsmith handled the case for the U.S. Attorney's Office.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2014 Friday

Washington: Boeing Subcontractor Sentenced on Federal Fraud Charges

LENGTH: 360  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The final defendant in a bribery/kickback scheme involving Boeing military
aircraft parts, Jeffrey Lavelle, owner and operator of J. L. Manufacturing was
sentenced to 15 months in prison and ordered to pay a $50,000 fine. J.L.
Manufacturing of Everett, Washington, is an aerospace job machine shop
specializing in hard metals, with the capability of producing small to medium
sized complex parts of ferrous and non-ferrous materials, and was a
sub-contractor to Boeing on numerous United States government F-15 fighter jet
contracts.

Over several years, Lavelle and his co-defendant Robert Diaz, Jr. made cash
payments to co-defendant Deon Anderson, a Boeing Procurement Officer, in
exchange for non-public company financial and bid information. J.L.
Manufacturing obtained approximately $2,000,000 in Boeing sub contracts through
the bribery scheme, while Deon Anderson was paid approximately $250,000 from
J.L. Manufacturing and another subcontractor located in the Los Angeles,
California area through the scheme.

Last month, former Boeing Procurement Officer Deon Anderson was sentenced to 20
months in prison in connection with a bribery/kickback scheme involving Boeing
military aircraft parts, as well as structuring currency transactions to conceal
his receipt of the cash bribes. Co-defendants William P. Boozer, Hacienda
Heights, CA, was sentenced to 18 months in prison, a fine of $10,000; and Robert
Diaz, Jr., Alta Loma, CA, was sentenced to 15 months in prison and a fine of
$2000.

All defendants were sentenced by United States District Judge Henry Autrey, in
St. Louis.

This case was investigated by Defense Criminal Investigative Service, Federal
Bureau of Investigation, NASA-Office of Inspector General, Air Force Office of
Special Investigations, Navy Criminal Investigative Service, and Internal
Revenue Service Criminal Investigation. Assistant United States Attorney Hal
Goldsmith handled the case for the U.S. Attorney's Office.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 26, 2013 Friday

New Jersey: Six people charged in connection with large-Scale stolen identity
refund fraud scheme

LENGTH: 736  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

Six people allegedly involved in an extensive scheme to obtain millions of
dollars through fraudulently obtained refund checks issued by the U.S. Treasury
were charged today for their involvement in the scam, U.S. Attorney Paul J.
Fishman announced.

Julio C. Concepcion, 48; Angel L. Concepcion-Vasquez, 29; Jose R. Zapata, 65;
and Reyes Flores-Perez, 29, all of Passaic, N.J.; and Romy E. Quezada, 22, of
Lake Mary, Fla., were arrested this morning by special agents of IRS-Criminal
Investigation, postal inspectors from the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, and
special agents of the U.S. Secret Service. A sixth defendant, Freddy
Gabino-Martinez, 24, of Passaic, remains at large. Concepcion,
Concepcion-Vasquez, Gabino-Martinez, and Zapata are charged with conspiracy to
steal government funds, Flores-Perez is charged with transferring false
identification documents, and Quezada is charged with theft of government funds.

The four defendants arrested in New Jersey are expected to make their initial
appearances this afternoon before U.S. Magistrate Judge Michael Hammer in Newark
federal court. Quezada was arrested in Florida and will make her initial
appearance in Orlando federal court.

According to the criminal Complaints unsealed today:

Background on Stolen Identify Refund Fraud

Stolen Identity Refund Fraud (SIRF) is a common type of fraud committed against
the United States government that results in more than $2 billion a year in
losses to the U.S. Treasury.  SIRF schemes generally share a number of
hallmarks:

SIRF perpetrators obtain personal identifying information, including Social
Security numbers and dates of birth, from unwitting individuals, who often
reside in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.

SIRF perpetrators complete Form 1040 tax returns using the fraudulently obtained
information and falsifying wages earned, taxes withheld, and other data, always
ensuring that the fraudulent tax return generates a refund.

They direct the U.S. Treasury Department to mail refund checks to locations that
the perpetrators control or can access.

With the fraudulently obtained refund checks in hand, SIRF perpetrators generate
cash proceeds by depositing the checks into bank accounts that they control.

The Investigation

From October 2009 through December 2012, Concepcion, Concepcion-Vasquez,
Gabino-Martinez, and Zapata engaged in a SIRF scheme that resulted in more than
$2.5 million in losses to the U.S. Treasury. The conspirators obtained
fraudulent tax refund checks, then deposited them into bank accounts that they
controlled, often in the name of "dummy" corporations created to facilitate the
scheme. They then transferred hundreds of dollars to others, including
Concepcion's wife, his children, and his children's companions. Quezada is
charged with depositing fraudulent treasury checks into an account that she
opened and controlled, and Flores-Perez is charged with transferring fraudulent
identification documents, including fake driver's licenses and Social Security
cards, used to further the SIRF scheme.

The conspiracy charge and the theft of government funds charge are punishable by
a maximum potential penalty of 10 years in prison. The transfer of fraudulent
documents charge is punishable by a maximum potential penalty of 15 years in
prison. All charges are also punishable by a fine of up to $250,000, or twice
the gain or loss caused by the offense.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the IRS-Criminal Investigation,
under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Shantelle P. Kitchen; postal
inspectors of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of
Inspector in Charge Maria L. Kelokates; special agents of the U.S. Secret
Service, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge James Mottola; and the
Passaic County Prosecutor's Office, under the direction of Prosecutor Camelia M.
Valdes, with the investigation leading to today's arrests and charges.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Andrew J. Bruck of the
U.S. Attorney's Office Organized Crime/Gangs Unit in Newark.

The charges and allegations contained in the Complaints are merely accusations,
and the defendants are considered innocent unless and until proven guilty.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/nj

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday

New Jersey: Six people charged in connection with large-Scale stolen identity
refund fraud scheme

LENGTH: 736  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

Six people allegedly involved in an extensive scheme to obtain millions of
dollars through fraudulently obtained refund checks issued by the U.S. Treasury
were charged today for their involvement in the scam, U.S. Attorney Paul J.
Fishman announced.

Julio C. Concepcion, 48; Angel L. Concepcion-Vasquez, 29; Jose R. Zapata, 65;
and Reyes Flores-Perez, 29, all of Passaic, N.J.; and Romy E. Quezada, 22, of
Lake Mary, Fla., were arrested this morning by special agents of IRS-Criminal
Investigation, postal inspectors from the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, and
special agents of the U.S. Secret Service. A sixth defendant, Freddy
Gabino-Martinez, 24, of Passaic, remains at large. Concepcion,
Concepcion-Vasquez, Gabino-Martinez, and Zapata are charged with conspiracy to
steal government funds, Flores-Perez is charged with transferring false
identification documents, and Quezada is charged with theft of government funds.

The four defendants arrested in New Jersey are expected to make their initial
appearances this afternoon before U.S. Magistrate Judge Michael Hammer in Newark
federal court. Quezada was arrested in Florida and will make her initial
appearance in Orlando federal court.

According to the criminal Complaints unsealed today:

Background on Stolen Identify Refund Fraud

Stolen Identity Refund Fraud (SIRF) is a common type of fraud committed against
the United States government that results in more than $2 billion a year in
losses to the U.S. Treasury.  SIRF schemes generally share a number of
hallmarks:

SIRF perpetrators obtain personal identifying information, including Social
Security numbers and dates of birth, from unwitting individuals, who often
reside in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.

SIRF perpetrators complete Form 1040 tax returns using the fraudulently obtained
information and falsifying wages earned, taxes withheld, and other data, always
ensuring that the fraudulent tax return generates a refund.

They direct the U.S. Treasury Department to mail refund checks to locations that
the perpetrators control or can access.

With the fraudulently obtained refund checks in hand, SIRF perpetrators generate
cash proceeds by depositing the checks into bank accounts that they control.

The Investigation

From October 2009 through December 2012, Concepcion, Concepcion-Vasquez,
Gabino-Martinez, and Zapata engaged in a SIRF scheme that resulted in more than
$2.5 million in losses to the U.S. Treasury. The conspirators obtained
fraudulent tax refund checks, then deposited them into bank accounts that they
controlled, often in the name of "dummy" corporations created to facilitate the
scheme. They then transferred hundreds of dollars to others, including
Concepcion's wife, his children, and his children's companions. Quezada is
charged with depositing fraudulent treasury checks into an account that she
opened and controlled, and Flores-Perez is charged with transferring fraudulent
identification documents, including fake driver's licenses and Social Security
cards, used to further the SIRF scheme.

The conspiracy charge and the theft of government funds charge are punishable by
a maximum potential penalty of 10 years in prison. The transfer of fraudulent
documents charge is punishable by a maximum potential penalty of 15 years in
prison. All charges are also punishable by a fine of up to $250,000, or twice
the gain or loss caused by the offense.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the IRS-Criminal Investigation,
under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Shantelle P. Kitchen; postal
inspectors of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of
Inspector in Charge Maria L. Kelokates; special agents of the U.S. Secret
Service, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge James Mottola; and the
Passaic County Prosecutor's Office, under the direction of Prosecutor Camelia M.
Valdes, with the investigation leading to today's arrests and charges.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Andrew J. Bruck of the
U.S. Attorney's Office Organized Crime/Gangs Unit in Newark.

The charges and allegations contained in the Complaints are merely accusations,
and the defendants are considered innocent unless and until proven guilty.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/nj

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 24, 2013 Wednesday

New Jersey: Six people charged in connection with large-Scale stolen identity
refund fraud scheme

LENGTH: 736  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

Six people allegedly involved in an extensive scheme to obtain millions of
dollars through fraudulently obtained refund checks issued by the U.S. Treasury
were charged today for their involvement in the scam, U.S. Attorney Paul J.
Fishman announced.

Julio C. Concepcion, 48; Angel L. Concepcion-Vasquez, 29; Jose R. Zapata, 65;
and Reyes Flores-Perez, 29, all of Passaic, N.J.; and Romy E. Quezada, 22, of
Lake Mary, Fla., were arrested this morning by special agents of IRS-Criminal
Investigation, postal inspectors from the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, and
special agents of the U.S. Secret Service. A sixth defendant, Freddy
Gabino-Martinez, 24, of Passaic, remains at large. Concepcion,
Concepcion-Vasquez, Gabino-Martinez, and Zapata are charged with conspiracy to
steal government funds, Flores-Perez is charged with transferring false
identification documents, and Quezada is charged with theft of government funds.

The four defendants arrested in New Jersey are expected to make their initial
appearances this afternoon before U.S. Magistrate Judge Michael Hammer in Newark
federal court. Quezada was arrested in Florida and will make her initial
appearance in Orlando federal court.

According to the criminal Complaints unsealed today:

Background on Stolen Identify Refund Fraud

Stolen Identity Refund Fraud (SIRF) is a common type of fraud committed against
the United States government that results in more than $2 billion a year in
losses to the U.S. Treasury.  SIRF schemes generally share a number of
hallmarks:

SIRF perpetrators obtain personal identifying information, including Social
Security numbers and dates of birth, from unwitting individuals, who often
reside in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.

SIRF perpetrators complete Form 1040 tax returns using the fraudulently obtained
information and falsifying wages earned, taxes withheld, and other data, always
ensuring that the fraudulent tax return generates a refund.

They direct the U.S. Treasury Department to mail refund checks to locations that
the perpetrators control or can access.

With the fraudulently obtained refund checks in hand, SIRF perpetrators generate
cash proceeds by depositing the checks into bank accounts that they control.

The Investigation

From October 2009 through December 2012, Concepcion, Concepcion-Vasquez,
Gabino-Martinez, and Zapata engaged in a SIRF scheme that resulted in more than
$2.5 million in losses to the U.S. Treasury. The conspirators obtained
fraudulent tax refund checks, then deposited them into bank accounts that they
controlled, often in the name of "dummy" corporations created to facilitate the
scheme. They then transferred hundreds of dollars to others, including
Concepcion's wife, his children, and his children's companions. Quezada is
charged with depositing fraudulent treasury checks into an account that she
opened and controlled, and Flores-Perez is charged with transferring fraudulent
identification documents, including fake driver's licenses and Social Security
cards, used to further the SIRF scheme.

The conspiracy charge and the theft of government funds charge are punishable by
a maximum potential penalty of 10 years in prison. The transfer of fraudulent
documents charge is punishable by a maximum potential penalty of 15 years in
prison. All charges are also punishable by a fine of up to $250,000, or twice
the gain or loss caused by the offense.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the IRS-Criminal Investigation,
under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Shantelle P. Kitchen; postal
inspectors of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of
Inspector in Charge Maria L. Kelokates; special agents of the U.S. Secret
Service, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge James Mottola; and the
Passaic County Prosecutor's Office, under the direction of Prosecutor Camelia M.
Valdes, with the investigation leading to today's arrests and charges.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Andrew J. Bruck of the
U.S. Attorney's Office Organized Crime/Gangs Unit in Newark.

The charges and allegations contained in the Complaints are merely accusations,
and the defendants are considered innocent unless and until proven guilty.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/nj

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             June 11, 2013 Tuesday
                              TUE REGIONAL Edition

Swindlers sentenced

BYLINE: David Migoya

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 486 words


A Colorado couple who ran a $17 million Ponzi scheme from their Golden home then
jetted to South Africa as federal authorities concluded their investigation were
sentenced Monday to varying prison terms, prosecutors said.

Richard Dalton, 66, was sentenced in U.S. District Court in Kansas City, Kan.,
to 10 years in federal prison for his role in engineering a Ponzi scheme so
elaborate that investors remained duped long after their money had disappeared.

Dalton pleaded guilty to a charge of money laundering.

His wife, Marie Dalton, 61, was sentenced to five years in federal prison for
her guilty plea to a charge of conspiracy to commit mail fraud.

The Daltons ran a scheme through their company, Universal Consulting Resources,
that forestalled investor anxiety and worry with tall tales that seemed pulled
from a spy novel: a foreign double cross involving fake diamonds; offshore bank
accounts tied up in government investigations; even a middle of the night
airplane rendezvous moving gemstones out of Africa that ended up with engine
trouble in Amsterdam.

All were reasons the Daltons gave investors for why they weren't seeing any of
their money and they believed them, federal prosecutors said.

The two bilked more than 100 investors in 13 states and five countries with
promises of annual returns that ranged from 48 percent to 120 percent, paying
some investors off with the funds from others.

In some cases, the Daltons used investor money for their own gain, including a
$910,000 house in Golden that was ordered sold, $35,000 in custom dental work
and other personal luxuries.

Just days after the SEC's Denver office filed a lawsuit against Richard Dalton
in November 2010 and a separate case against his mentor, Larry Michael Parrish
the Daltons hopped a plane to South Africa and stayed away from authorities for
nearly a year.

Dalton had learned the swindle so well that he not only outdid Parrish but
conned twice as many people for twice as much money.

South African authorities caught up with the Daltons in late 2011, and they were
arrested trying to enter the U.S. in Atlanta.

The SEC's civil case against Richard Dalton and his company ended in December
2011 when a federal judge granted the agency's default judgment request. Dalton
and the company were ordered to pay $15.8 million in disgorgement of illegal
profits, interest and civil penalties.

Their victims were not the celebrity level names or big dollar bank accounts of
other schemers. Instead, many families lost life savings yet believed in the
investments so much that they pressed friends and family to buy in and got a
small commission for the referrals.

U.S. District Judge Christine Arguello in Kansas City is to hold a hearing July
24 to determine the amount of restitution that must be paid.

The investigation moved from Denver to Kansas City when authorities determined a
conflict of interest existed between some of the people involved.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   August 8, 1989, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

FAITHFUL FLEECED OF $450 MILLION SINCE '85, STUDY SAYS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12C

LENGTH: 827 words


WASHINGTON (AP) - Con artists invoking God's name as endorsement for investment
schemes are working to cheat thousands of Americans out of hundreds of millions
of dollars, state securities regulators warned Monday.  In a survey titled
''Preying on the Faithful: The False Prophets of the Investment World,''
officials say that quick-buck artists have cheated 15, 000 believers out of $450
million since 1985.  The scams have ranged from bogus investment funds offered
by self-proclaimed ''born again'' financial planners to givers of ''divinely
inspired'' investment advice about coins, precious metals, real estate and oil
drilling programs.  No religious group appears to be more or less susceptible to
fraud. State securities regulators have investigated schemes preying on black
Protestant churches, Greek Orthodox congregations and Hispanic Catholic
parishes.  ''The problem here is not religion, but the growing number of con
artists who are cynically exploiting religious faith in order to fleece
unsuspecting members of the flock,'' John C. Baldwin, president of the North
American Securities Administrators Association, said at a news conference in
Washington.  The national survey, a joint effort of securities' group and the
Council of Better Business Bureaus, gave details of investigations of investment
schemes with religious overtones in 15 states.  Officials noted that scam
victims had come from all walks of life; even a U.S. congressman has been taken
in.  Rep. William Dickinson, R-Ala., was among 193 investors taken for a total
of $18 million by Steven Streit, the former treasurer of one of the largest
Baptist churches in Alabama, they said. ''He never invested any of the money,''
although Streit printed bogus monthly account statements with a Bible verse at
the bottom, said Robert Rash, director of the Alabama Securities Commission.
Streit is now serving a 10-year prison sentence for fraud. He traded on his role
as a deacon of the church as well as a former accountant and bank trust officer
to bilk ''virtually every prominent businessman in the Huntsville area,'' Rash
said.  Among the other religious scams outlined by officials were: Swindlers who
bilked 10,000 investors in Utah out of $215 million by falsely claiming
connections to the Mormon hierarchy.  The Ford Oil and Development Inc., an oil
and gas drilling company that Massachusetts and Missouri authorities ordered to
stop selling stock to investors. The company claimed that it would use Old
Testament prophecy to decide where to drill for oil in Israel.  The Missouri
secretary of state's office issued an order against Ford in 1984.  The growth of
religious-oriented magazines, radio stations and cable television programs has
provided schemers with a ready-made audience for phony advertising claims, the
survey said.  The survey's results reflect only part of the problem because it
considered only scams in which investor losses exceeded $500,000, they said.
James Schmitt, president of the Better Business Bureau for eastern Missouri and
Southern Illinois, said he could recall no cases in this area involving phony
religious investments. But Schmitt said that the St. Louis bureau office would
respond to consumer inquiries.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Former Title Company Employee Heads to Prison in Bank Fraud
Conspiracy

LENGTH: 456  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Harris County resident Maria Eliza Garza has been ordered to prison following
her conviction in conspiring to defraud seven different Houston-area banks or
more than $2 million in 2007 and 2008, announced United States Attorney Kenneth
Magidson. Garza pleaded guilty Sept. 4, 2013.

Today, U.S. District Judge Lee H. Rosenthal, who accepted the guilty plea,
handed Garza an 18-month sentence to be followed by three years of supervised
release. At the hearing, the court noted that Garza was an important player in
the scheme and further ordered her to pay $2.078 million in restitution.

As outlined in documents filed with the court and admitted by Garza during her
guilty plea, she and a co-conspirator agreed to carry out a check kiting scheme
that targeted seven different financial institutions in the Houston area. While
the co-conspirator allegedly devised the scheme which used multiple bank
accounts held in the name of title companies he controlled, Garza admitted she
assisted by discussing which bank accounts needed money, preparing checks to
sign and depositing signed checks at the banks.

Garza, of Houston, admitted as part of her plea that she helped carry out the
scheme from at least January 2007 through June 2008. To do so, Garza prepared
checks drawn on the title companies' accounts. The co-conspirator signed the
checks and both knew the accounts lacked sufficient funds to cover the checks.
Garza deposited the checks into other accounts controlled by the co-conspirator,
which artificially inflated the account balances. They would then write
additional checks using the artificially inflated balances and deposit them into
either the original issuing account or other accounts controlled by the
co-conspirator.

Garza also admitted she and conducted the scheme to artificially inflate the
account balances and place the funds at her co-conspirator's disposal to use as
interest-free loans and lines of credit. They continued to carry out the scheme
even after three of the banks discovered the kiting activity and shut down the
relevant accounts. When the scheme finally collapsed in June 2008, the total
loss to the affected banks was $2,099,65.72.

Garza was permitted to remain on bond and voluntarily surrender to a U.S. Bureau
of Prisons facility to be determined in the near future.

The investigation was conducted by the FBI with assistance from the Harris
County District Attorney's Office and police departments in Webster and
Friendswood. Assistant U.S. Attorney John Pearson is prosecuting the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 21, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Former Title Company Employee Heads to Prison in Bank Fraud
Conspiracy

LENGTH: 437  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Harris County resident Maria Eliza Garza has been ordered to prison following
her conviction in conspiring to defraud seven different Houston-area banks or
more than $2 million in 2007 and 2008, announced United States Attorney Kenneth
Magidson. Garza pleaded guilty Sept. 4, 2013.

Today, U.S. District Judge Lee H. Rosenthal, who accepted the guilty plea,
handed Garza an 18-month sentence to be followed by three years of supervised
release. At the hearing, the court noted that Garza was an important player in
the scheme and further ordered her to pay $2.078 million in restitution.

As outlined in documents filed with the court and admitted by Garza during her
guilty plea, she and a co-conspirator agreed to carry out a check kiting scheme
that targeted seven different financial institutions in the Houston area. While
the co-conspirator allegedly devised the scheme which used multiple bank
accounts held in the name of title companies he controlled, Garza admitted she
assisted by discussing which bank accounts needed money, preparing checks to
sign and depositing signed checks at the banks.

Garza, of Houston, admitted as part of her plea that she helped carry out the
scheme from at least January 2007 through June 2008. To do so, Garza prepared
checks drawn on the title companies' accounts. The co-conspirator signed the
checks and both knew the accounts lacked sufficient funds to cover the checks.
Garza deposited the checks into other accounts controlled by the co-conspirator,
which artificially inflated the account balances. They would then write
additional checks using the artificially inflated balances and deposit them into
either the original issuing account or other accounts controlled by the
co-conspirator.

Garza also admitted she and conducted the scheme to artificially inflate the
account balances and place the funds at her co-conspirator's disposal to use as
interest-free loans and lines of credit. They continued to carry out the scheme
even after three of the banks discovered the kiting activity and shut down the
relevant accounts. When the scheme finally collapsed in June 2008, the total
loss to the affected banks was $2,099,65.72.

Garza was permitted to remain on bond and voluntarily surrender to a U.S. Bureau
of Prisons facility to be determined in the near future.

The case is being investigated by the FBI and being prosecuted by Assistant U.S.
Attorney John Pearson.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 8, 2011 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

94 Indicted In Scheme Exploiting A Bank

BYLINE: By NOAH ROSENBERG

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 614 words


It was the latest in a string of electronic crimes to be prosecuted in New York,
and it was rather low-tech by comparison, absent of the credit-card-skimming
devices and hidden cameras used in recent schemes.

Even the rewards to some of the participants, prosecutors said, were modest:
after each successful crime, the officials said, low-level runners were given a
few hundred dollars and a meal at McDonald's.

But the operation, which resulted in the indictments of 94 people, was
nonetheless a ''crossover between economic crime, identity theft and
cybercrime,'' the Manhattan district attorney, Cyrus R. Vance Jr., said on
Wednesday. Mr. Vance called the enterprise the ''modern version of a
check-kiting scheme'' and said it took in at least $450,000 from TD Bank, and
possibly as much as $1 million.

According to Mr. Vance, the operation relied on the deposit of fraudulent
checks, from closed accounts or non-TD Bank accounts with insufficient funds,
into TD Bank savings accounts created by dozens of people recruited to carry out
the scheme. A loophole, he said, allowed new account holders, who used their
real names, to transfer the fraudulent money immediately from their new savings
accounts into their checking accounts -- bypassing the typical waiting period,
even though no money had cleared.

Joel Luciano, 30, and Freddie Mercado, 25, of the Bronx, and Jose M. Cruz, 34,
whose address was unknown, as well as six additional defendants working under
them, are accused of recruiting 85 people between August 2009 and May 2011 to
write the fraudulent checks and open the accounts that acted as clearinghouses
for their scheme.

After the money transfers, Mr. Vance said, the defendants used their A.T.M.
cards issued by TD Bank to withdraw cash -- as much as $5,000 in some cases --
from Western Union branches in Manhattan or casinos in Atlantic City and
Connecticut, which offered either high- or no-limit withdrawals. Typical
A.T.M.'s, Mr. Vance noted, have withdrawal limits that are substantially lower.

He said that the essence of the scheme was ''straightforward'' and that the
ringleaders, some of whom had arrest records for more traditional street-level
crimes, had exposed ''a peculiar weakness'' in TD Bank. A spokeswoman for the
bank, Rebecca Acevedo, said that it had conducted an internal investigation, and
that ''no customer data was ever compromised.''

Mr. Vance told reporters, ''It's a small group of actors who have an imaginative
and profitable criminal idea.''

The indictments include charges of second-degree conspiracy to commit grand
larceny; grand larceny in the second, third and fourth degrees; and criminal
possession of a forged instrument in the second degree.

The charges are just the latest in a string of electronic crimes prosecuted by
the district attorney's office in the past month.

In early November, two men were indicted in the theft of credit card information
from 237 New York hotel guests, whose credit authorization forms were used to
buy $840,000 in airline tickets and other goods and services.

Two weeks later, 28 people were accused of operating a fake-credit-card ring in
which they stole and replicated restaurant patrons' credit card information
using card-skimming devices and other equipment; the fake cards were used to buy
and resell over $1 million in luxury goods, officials said. Also in
mid-November, three men were accused of employing hidden cameras and
card-reading devices to steal more than $285,000 from 15,000 accounts at Chase
A.T.M.'s in Manhattan.

Mr. Vance noted that street-level criminals were gravitating to electronic
crimes and financial crimes. ''Because the money is easier,'' he said, ''the
risk is less.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Men waited to be arraigned Wednesday in connection with a fraud
ring that officials said employed dozens of participants to exploit a weakness
in TD Bank's money-transfer practices. (PHOTOGRAPH BY  MICHAEL APPLETON FOR THE
NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 4, 2013 Friday

USPTO Published Patent application of MICREL, INC titled as "CONFIGURABLE
MULTI-MODE PWM CONTROLLER"

LENGTH: 201  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130249511, published on September 26, 2013, by MICREL, INC, titled as
"CONFIGURABLE MULTI-MODE PWM CONTROLLER" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:  Kalje; Nitin; (Saratoga, CA) ; Izadinia; Mansour; (Cupertino, CA)
Assignee Name and Adress:  MICREL, INC.
San Jose
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
multi-mode pulse width modulation (PWM) controller for a buck switching
regulator includes a multi-mode PWM control circuit where the PWM control
circuit is configured to operate in one of multiple control schemes selectable
by a mode select signal. In one embodiment, the multi-mode PWM control circuit
incorporates a peak current mode control scheme, a voltage mode control scheme,
and a valley current mode control scheme. In another embodiment, the multi-mode
PWM control circuit further incorporates a constant ON-time control scheme."

The Patent was filed on March 7, 2013 under application No. 20130249511

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  April 11, 2005 Monday MORNING FINAL EDITION

REPORT PYRAMID SCAMS TO YOUR LOCAL POLICE

BYLINE: DENNIS ROCKSTROH column

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 402 words


Q
My mother was recently approached by a friend in regard to what I believe is a
pyramid scheme.

This friend stated that if she were to send $100 to this address via snail mail,
she would start receiving money in return.

Her friend and son have done this and have received money. We verified it.

I have always been taught that there's no such thing as a "get rich quick"
scheme, and if something sounds too good to be true, it probably is.

Can you please explain this scam to us as my mother reads your column every day.

Anonymous
San Jose
A
My thanks to your mom. And Mom, always beware of easy money unless you've got
money to lose. A pyramid scheme is a scam in which people are recruited to make
payments while expecting to receive payments from the persons they recruit.

When the number of new recruits fails to sustain the hierarchical payment
structure, the scheme collapses with most of the participants losing the money
they put in.

It is illegal, and participants are breaking the law.

Some time ago, there was a popular pyramid scheme called "Women Helping Women."

The victim paid upfront with the promise she would receive a large return once
other women have joined and she rose to the top of the pyramid.

You or your mom should report this scam to the police.

For more information on this kind of a scam, see the state attorney general's
Web site (www.ag.ca.gov/consumers/general/pyramid.htm).

Q
I probably missed this in one of your columns, but I need to know if the free
credit reports are one per household or person.

My husband and I have different last names. Mine is very common, and I want to
know if I can request a free credit report from the same company for each of us.

Deborah Baker
Los Altos
A
It's per person. Each of you can go to www.annualcreditreport.com and order or
print your separate credit reports from the three major credit reporting
agencies.

You can get them all at one time or spread your requests over the year, say,
getting a free credit report from a different agency every four months, or any
combination you wish.

A reminder

I am still getting plenty of complaints about differences in the shelf and
scanned prices at grocery and department stores.

Always check your receipts.

If you are overcharged, complain to the manager. Then, in Santa Clara County,
call the scanner hotline toll-free at (866) 722-6637.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Action Line

                     Copyright 2005 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  April 11, 2005 Monday MORNING FINAL EDITION

REPORT PYRAMID SCAMS TO YOUR LOCAL POLICE

BYLINE: DENNIS ROCKSTROH column

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 402 words


Q
My mother was recently approached by a friend in regard to what I believe is a
pyramid scheme.

This friend stated that if she were to send $100 to this address via snail mail,
she would start receiving money in return.

Her friend and son have done this and have received money. We verified it.

I have always been taught that there's no such thing as a "get rich quick"
scheme, and if something sounds too good to be true, it probably is.

Can you please explain this scam to us as my mother reads your column every day.

Anonymous
San Jose
A
My thanks to your mom. And Mom, always beware of easy money unless you've got
money to lose. A pyramid scheme is a scam in which people are recruited to make
payments while expecting to receive payments from the persons they recruit.

When the number of new recruits fails to sustain the hierarchical payment
structure, the scheme collapses with most of the participants losing the money
they put in.

It is illegal, and participants are breaking the law.

Some time ago, there was a popular pyramid scheme called "Women Helping Women."

The victim paid upfront with the promise she would receive a large return once
other women have joined and she rose to the top of the pyramid.

You or your mom should report this scam to the police.

For more information on this kind of a scam, see the state attorney general's
Web site (www.ag.ca.gov/consumers/general/pyramid.htm).

Q
I probably missed this in one of your columns, but I need to know if the free
credit reports are one per household or person.

My husband and I have different last names. Mine is very common, and I want to
know if I can request a free credit report from the same company for each of us.

Deborah Baker
Los Altos
A
It's per person. Each of you can go to www.annualcreditreport.com and order or
print your separate credit reports from the three major credit reporting
agencies.

You can get them all at one time or spread your requests over the year, say,
getting a free credit report from a different agency every four months, or any
combination you wish.

A reminder

I am still getting plenty of complaints about differences in the shelf and
scanned prices at grocery and department stores.

Always check your receipts.

If you are overcharged, complain to the manager. Then, in Santa Clara County,
call the scanner hotline toll-free at (866) 722-6637.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Action Line

                     Copyright 2005 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            November 27, 2006 Monday

Orem man admits defrauding IRS of up to $10 million

BYLINE: By Pamela Manson The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 337 words


Posted: 3:54 PM- An Orem man pleaded guilty Monday to conspiracy in an
investment scam that defrauded the Internal Revenue Service of millions of
dollars in taxes.

Under a plea deal, Lanny R. White admitted that he and his co-conspirators
promoted and sold a fraudulent trust scheme designed to allow buyers to evade
paying taxes. As part of the conspiracy, White said, the conspirators caused
more than 2,000 false income tax returns to be prepared, costing the government
between $7 million and $10 million.

The 67-year-old White also acknowledged that he pretended to be a licenced CPA
and prepared opinion letters that falsely assured clients that the trust scheme
was legal. He said he has no college degree but pretended to be a CPA in West
Virginia and North Carolina by using his brother's CPA license numbers without
his knowledge.

In a written statement, White admitted that he and the others marketed and sold
a fraudulent trust scheme to more than 300 clients through seminar and
promotional materials from 1993 to 2004. Their enterprise - which operated under
the names Advanta Strategies, World Contractual Services, Rockwell Services,
CornerStone West, Ventures Limited and Whiven Financial, among others - falsely
told clients they could eliminate or substantially reduce their income tax
liabilities by placing their business and assets into the names of trusts, White
said.

With his plea, White became the 11th defendant to admit guilt or be convicted in
the scheme. The others are David J. Orr of West Valley City; former attorneys
Todd Cannon of Orem and Michael Behunin of Sandy; Midvale CPA Max C. Lloyd;
former IRS agent and former Utahn Marissa Hyde; Edward T. Woodger of Salt Lake
City; California former attorneys Martin Arnoldini and Jerrold Boschma; Lance
Hatch, a Walla Walla, Wash., chiropractor; and R. Scot Stokes of Nevada.

Under his plea bargain, White faces up to five years in prison and a $250,000
fine when he is sentenced in February by U.S. District Judge Ted Stewart.

pmanson@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2014 Saturday

Maryland: Odenton Man Sentenced To Prison For Laundering More Than $1.5 Million
In Scheme To Steal Waste Vegetable Oil

LENGTH: 759  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Maryland has issued the
following press release:

U.S. District Judge J. Frederick Motz sentenced Anthony Jean-Claude, age 40, of
Odenton, Maryland today to 18 months in prison followed by three years of
supervised release for laundering over $1.5 million, in connecting with a scheme
to steal waste vegetable oil. Judge Motz also entered an order requiring
Jean-Claude to pay restitution and forfeiture of $1,586,747.

The sentence was announced by United States Attorney for the District of
Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein; Chief James W. Johnson of the Baltimore County
Police Department; and Special Agent in Charge Thomas J. Kelly of the Internal
Revenue Service - Criminal Investigation, Washington, D.C. Field Office.

"Jean-Claude's actions were motivated by pure greed as evidenced by the more
than $1.5 million in laundered fraud proceeds he received while perpetuating a
waste vegetable oil scheme," said Thomas J Kelly, Special Agent in Charge, IRS
Criminal Investigation, Washington D.C. Field Office. "IRS Criminal
Investigation is committed to unraveling money laundering schemes such as this,
where individuals attempt to conceal the true source of their money. Today's
sentencing shows IRS-CI, in conjunction with our law enforcement partners, will
continue to bring cases like these to justice."

Waste collection businesses contract with local restaurants to collect waste
vegetable oil which is used to make bio-diesel fuel or processed as an additive
for animal feed. Waste collection businesses place recycling containers behind
the restaurants with which they have contracts. When the containers are full,
the businesses collect the oil using a vacuum truck.

According to his plea agreement, from May through October 2010, Jean-Claude and
a friend stole waste vegetable oil from restaurants in Maryland and Virginia
using a tow truck owned by his friend. Jean-Claude and his friend stored the
stolen oil at a warehouse near Waterview Avenue in Baltimore County, then sold
the oil to out-of-state oil companies.

At the end of October, Jean-Claude's friend developed a legitimate waste
vegetable oil collection company named Waste Not Inc. The friend purchased a
vacuum truck, hired salesmen to assist him, and eventually obtained 650
contracts to collect waste vegetable oil from restaurants. From June through
October, 2011, Jean-Claude's friend collected the oil pursuant to the contracts
and sold the oil to Jean-Claude.

In May 2011, Jean-Claude used a straw purchaser to buy a truck which was titled
in the name of Waste Not. The truck was used to steal waste vegetable oil from
restaurants that did not have a collection contract with Waste Not. The driver
of that truck was caught stealing waste vegetable oil in July 2011.

In late 2011, Jean-Claude met R.F. during a renovation project at Jean-Claude's
home. Jean-Claude requested that R.F. lease a large warehouse facility to
collect, process and sell waste vegetable oil. The owner of Waste Not took both
his legitimate waste vegetable oil and the stolen oil to the facility, located
at 1701 Leland Avenue in Middle River. Jean-Claude then sold the waste vegetable
oil to fuel companies in Pennsylvania and elsewhere. The proceeds of these
transactions were directed back to Jean-Claude through a bank account in the
name of Rafxcel Services, which account was held by both R.F. and Jean-Claude.

Jean-Claude subsequently used the straw purchaser to buy another truck in
October 2011. A conspirator used the truck to steal waste vegetable oil from 20
locations in Baltimore City and Baltimore County. The conspirator then took the
stolen oil to the Leland Avenue facility. From January 5, 2012 through October
1, 2012, approximately $1,586,747 was deposited in the Rafxcel account for the
sale of waste vegetable oil to companies in Maryland, Pennsylvania and
elsewhere.

The operations manager at the Leland Avenue facility received checks from
Jean-Claude in the name of the manager's wife, which were drawn on the Rafxcel
business account. Jean-Claude directed the manager to cash the checks, use a
portion of the cash for the operations of the Leland Avenue facility, and give
the remainder of the cash back to Jean-Claude.

United States Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein praised the Baltimore County Police
Department and IRS - Criminal Investigation for their work in the investigation.
Mr. Rosenstein thanked Assistant U.S. Attorney Gregory R. Bockin, who prosecuted
the case.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/md/

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                            August 26, 2003, Tuesday

SHOP COMPLEX TO FACE DELAYS

BYLINE: STEVE JOHNSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 284 words


A MASSIVE new pounds 100 million retail and leisure complex creating 1,700 jobs
could now face a public inquiry, it was revealed today.

Developers behind The Junction at Oldbury had hoped to start work on the
eagerly-awaited schemethis year. SandwellCouncilapproved the 37-acre development
in June.

But the ambitious scheme may have to go to a public inquiry after being 'called
in' for closer inspection by the Government Office for the West Midlands.

Richard Burrows, spokesman for developers The Junction Limited Partnership, said
a public inquiry could delay the scheme by 18 months.

He said: 'We are concerned our plans for this site could be unnecessarily
delayed after being called in.

'We are keen to get cracking as soon as possible because we are really excited
about the scheme.' The complex is planned for large derelict land off West
Bromwich Street in Oldbury town centre.

The development will feature a skating rink, climbing wall, nine football
pitches and a fitness centre.

The proposals also include shops, bars, restaurants, offices and the country's
first community police station based in a shopping centre.

The scheme has been modelled on a similar complex in Los Angeles and is expected
to transform the derelict site.

Developers had hoped to be able to begin work on the scheme before Christmas to
get The Junction up and running in 2005 but that now seems highly unlikely.
Development plans for the land, which includes the former Hunt Brothers foundry,
go back to 1996.

London-based Capital and Regional withdrew their plans for the Oldbury Retail
Park after their scheme was called in by then Environment Secretary John
Prescott in 2001.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2003 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 19, 2014 Thursday

Illinois: Former Chicago Tax Preparer Sentenced to Six Years in Federal Prison
for Tax and Unemployment Insurance Fraud Schemes

LENGTH: 704  words

DATELINE: Springfield


United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Illinois has issued
the following press release:

A suburban Chicago woman was sentenced to six years in federal prison for
operating a federal income tax fraud scheme as well as one of the largest
fictitious employer unemployment fraud schemes ever prosecuted nationwide. The
defendant, JACQUELINE KENNEDY, who owned a south side tax preparation business,
engaged in one scheme to falsely claim federal tax refunds and, together with 15
co-defendants, engaged in a related scheme using the identities of other
individuals, including some of her tax service clients, to fraudulently obtain
millions of dollars from state unemployment insurance agencies in Illinois,
Indiana and four other states.

Kennedy, 41, formerly of Country Club Hills, received the six-year prison term
and was ordered to pay more than $4.8 million in restitution last Thursday by
U.S. District Judge Joan Lefkow. Kennedy and her co-defendants were indicted in
April 2012, and, after initially being released on bond, Kennedy became a
fugitive in September 2012 while she continued to commit unemployment insurance
fraud. She was arrested in December 2012 and has remained in federal custody.

Judge Lefkow said Kennedy's conduct "undermines the public's confidence in the
validity of state unemployment programs." Kennedy has been defiant and "made
choices knowing full well they were illegal," the judge added.

Kennedy pleaded guilty in December to one count of making false claims for tax
refunds, one count of wire fraud, and three counts of mail fraud. Kennedy owned
and managed ATAP Financial Enterprises, Inc., ATAP Tax & Business Solutions,
Inc., and ATAP Tax Services, Inc., (collectively ATAP), all tax preparation
businesses located at one time at 1757 West 95th St., in Chicago. Between
January 2008 and April 2010, Kennedy prepared more than 200 false income tax
returns by attaching false W-2 forms from fictitious entities to her clients'
tax returns to inflate their Earned Income Tax Credit.

Between February 2009 and December 2012, Kennedy and her co-defendants
registered 97 fictitious companies they created with state unemployment agencies
and then filed more than 900 false unemployment insurance claims for fictional
employees who were purportedly terminated from the fictitious companies without
fault. Proceeds from the claims were deposited on debit cards that Kennedy and
her co-defendants used to withdraw the proceeds of their scheme.

After a sentencing hearing on May 30, Judge Lefkow ruled last week that Kennedy
alone was responsible for restitution totaling $4,815,740, consisting of a
$546,619 loss resulting from the tax fraud scheme, and an actual loss of
$4,269,121 from the unemployment insurance benefits fraud scheme. She also found
that Kennedy intended a loss of more than $13.8 million from the unemployment
fraud scheme.

In total, Kennedy and co-defendants bilked state unemployment insurance agencies
in Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Minnesota, Mississippi, and Oklahoma out of
approximately $9.1 million, including nearly $6 million from the Illinois
Department of Employment Security.

In addition to Kennedy, who was a leader and organizer of the schemes, all 15
codefendants have been convicted, and 11 of them have been sentenced to terms
ranging from probation to three years in prison, while four others are awaiting
sentencing.

The sentence was announced by Zachary T. Fardon, United States Attorney for the
Northern District of Illinois; James Vanderberg, Special Agent-in-Charge of the
U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Inspector General, Office of Labor
Racketeering and Fraud Investigations; James C. Lee, Special Agent-in-Charge of
the Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation Division; Robert J. Holley,
Special Agent-in-Charge of the Chicago Office of Federal Bureau of
Investigation; and Tony Gómez, Inspector-in-Charge of the U.S. Postal Inspection
Service in Chicago. The Social Security Administration Office of Inspector
General also assisted in the investigation.

The government was represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Michelle Petersen and
Andrianna Kastanek.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/iln

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 11, 2014 Tuesday

Former Nissan employee, two others plead in scheme to defraud company

BYLINE: The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 491 words


March 11--NASHVILLE -- Kenneth Carter, 45, of Corona, Calif., Wendell Young, 34,
of Inglewood, Calif., and Bruce Young, 50, of Compton, Calif., pleaded guilty
Friday to participating in a scheme to defraud Nissan North America, according
to U.S. attorney David Rivera.

Judge William J. Haynes Jr. is expected to sentence them May 30.

Carter pleaded guilty to all counts in the indictment, including conspiracy to
commit mail fraud, three counts of mail fraud and conspiracy to commit money
laundering. Carter faces up to 20 years in prison and a fine of $500,000 on the
conspiracy to commit money laundering count, up to 20 years in prison and a fine
of $250,000 on each of the mail fraud counts and up to five years in prison and
a fine of $250,000 on the conspiracy to commit mail fraud count.

Wendell Young and Bruce Young entered into plea agreements with the government
whereby each pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit money
laundering.

According to the indictment, from March 2007 through April 2008 Carter was
employed at Nissan's Franklin headquarters as an "arbitration specialist." In
that role, his duties were to negotiate with attorneys who brought claims on
behalf of Nissan owners, alleging Nissan had violated "lemon laws" or the
Federal Warranty Act.

The indictment alleged the defendants engaged in a scheme to defraud Nissan.
Bruce Young and Wendell Young, among others, would approach individuals who
owned Nissan vehicles to get information, such as the owner's name, address and
vehicle identification numbers. Carter then used this information to file false
and fraudulent claims at Nissan, requesting settlement checks. Once the checks
were issued, Bruce Young, Wendell Young, and others directed the Nissan owners
to deposit the checks into their bank accounts or to cash the checks.

Bruce Young and Wendell Young then told the Nissan owners to pay them a portion
of the funds the owners received from Nissan. A portion of those funds were then
paid to Carter, and Bruce Young and Wendell Young kept a portion of those
proceeds for themselves. During the course of the scheme, Carter filed about 80
false claims, totaling about $571,500.

Six defendants were charged in the indictment and the guilty pleas represent the
final three defendants.  The three other defendants previously entered guilty
pleas, including Adrian Franklin, 40, of Chandler, Ariz., who pleaded guilty to
one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering Nov. 18, and Francisco
DeLaRosa, 40, of West Covina, Calif., and Tracey Young, 45, of Los Angeles,
Calif., who each pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit money
laundering Feb. 21.

The IRS Criminal Investigation and Tennessee Bureau of Investigation
investigated the case. Assistant U.S. attorney Kathryn Ward Booth served as
prosecutor.

___ (c)2014 The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. Visit The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. at
www.lebanondemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140311-1LD-Former-Nissan-employee-two-others-plead-in-scheme
-to-defraud-company-0311-20140311

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LD


                                 Copyright 2014


                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            November 2, 2012 Friday

Oakland Raiders adding a little diversity to the running game

BYLINE: By Jerry McDonald jmcdonald@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Breaking; Raiders; News; Local; Football

LENGTH: 586 words


ALAMEDA -- From the beginning of the Dennis Allen era, the Raiders promised to
be multiple on defense. They would mix in zone with man-to-man, and occasionally
change between 4-3 and 3-4 and use the blitz.

Offense, and the running game in particular, was a different story. The Raiders
were going back to the zone scheme fulltime, a system they ran with Tom Cable
from 2007 through 2009.

During the bye week, with a stalled running game and a 1-4 record, Allen and
offensive coordinator Greg Knapp came to the same conclusion that Hue Jackson
did when he was handed the keys to the offense by Al Davis as offensive
coordinator in 2010: The running game would be better suited with more diversity
in terms of blocking.

It was one of the first things Tampa Bay coach Greg Schiano noticed when
comparing the pre-bye and post-bye Raiders on film.

"They added a little bit in the run game, they started running some more gap
scheme stuff," Schiano told Bay Area reporters by conference call.

Given that Knapp has a longstanding belief in the zone scheme, chances are the
change was made reluctantly, although out of necessity.

Knapp worked with Alex Gibbs, the guru of the zone system, in Atlanta. Purists
of the zone blocking system -- and that includes Cable -- don't believe in
deviation. Rather than fire off at a specific defender, zone runs call for more
lateral movement and the clearing of an area. It takes time to perfect and
execute.

Running backs hesitate only long enough to take one cut and head upfield when
they find a lane.

During training camp, line coach Frank Pollack, brought in by Knapp to install
the scheme said, "If you just dabble in it, you won't be able to take it to the
next level without having mass chaos."

Fast-forward to the fourth quarter of the Raiders' 26-16 win over Kansas City.
They rushed for 95 yards on 20 carries with a mixture of zone and more
straight-ahead gap runs.

"We definitely increased our gap run blocking scheme to get a better balance and
keep defenses honest, and we've done it well, so we'll keep that same kind of
formula working," Knapp said. "It's a good change-up."

Center Stefen Wisniewski can see where immersing the offense in the zone scheme
before blending it with gap blocking was of some benefit.

"It makes a lot of sense. That's where our coaches came from and that's their
mindset," Wisniewski said. "Coming in was zone, zone, zone, zone. But I think
they're starting to get to know us better and we're getting to know them and so
they're seeing we can be successful doing both."

Knapp said outside zone plays accounted for much of the fourth-quarter yardage,
and his hope against Tampa Bay is to get the steady gains going earlier.

"I would like to have a little more consistency on the three- to six-yard gains
throughout the half," Knapp said. "But I was glad the guys stayed patient up
front. I kept reminding them, 'Hey, we're going to stay with this. The score
says it's OK. We're going to stay patient with our game."

No changes as the Raiders finished warm-ups and drills and began team sessions
at practice Friday. Shawntae Spencer (foot) and Khalif Barnes (groin) will both
be ruled out, and they'll probably be joined by linebacker and special teams
player Keenan Clayton (shoulder).

Linebacker Aaron Curry continues to practice but does not appear to be in the
mix in terms of playing time this week. A decision on Curry's status must be
made on Wednesday. He must be placed on the 53-man roster, placed on injured
reserve (ending his season) or released.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            November 2, 2012 Friday

Oakland Raiders adding a little diversity to the running game

BYLINE: By Jerry McDonald jmcdonald@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Breaking; Raiders; News; Football

LENGTH: 586 words


ALAMEDA -- From the beginning of the Dennis Allen era, the Raiders promised to
be multiple on defense. They would mix in zone with man-to-man, and occasionally
change between 4-3 and 3-4 and use the blitz.

Offense, and the running game in particular, was a different story. The Raiders
were going back to the zone scheme fulltime, a system they ran with Tom Cable
from 2007 through 2009.

During the bye week, with a stalled running game and a 1-4 record, Allen and
offensive coordinator Greg Knapp came to the same conclusion that Hue Jackson
did when he was handed the keys to the offense by Al Davis as offensive
coordinator in 2010: The running game would be better suited with more diversity
in terms of blocking.

It was one of the first things Tampa Bay coach Greg Schiano noticed when
comparing the pre-bye and post-bye Raiders on film.

"They added a little bit in the run game, they started running some more gap
scheme stuff," Schiano told Bay Area reporters by conference call.

Given that Knapp has a longstanding belief in the zone scheme, chances are the
change was made reluctantly, although out of necessity.

Knapp worked with Alex Gibbs, the guru of the zone system, in Atlanta. Purists
of the zone blocking system -- and that includes Cable -- don't believe in
deviation. Rather than fire off at a specific defender, zone runs call for more
lateral movement and the clearing of an area. It takes time to perfect and
execute.

Running backs hesitate only long enough to take one cut and head upfield when
they find a lane.

During training camp, line coach Frank Pollack, brought in by Knapp to install
the scheme said, "If you just dabble in it, you won't be able to take it to the
next level without having mass chaos."

Fast-forward to the fourth quarter of the Raiders' 26-16 win over Kansas City.
They rushed for 95 yards on 20 carries with a mixture of zone and more
straight-ahead gap runs.

"We definitely increased our gap run blocking scheme to get a better balance and
keep defenses honest, and we've done it well, so we'll keep that same kind of
formula working," Knapp said. "It's a good change-up."

Center Stefen Wisniewski can see where immersing the offense in the zone scheme
before blending it with gap blocking was of some benefit.

"It makes a lot of sense. That's where our coaches came from and that's their
mindset," Wisniewski said. "Coming in was zone, zone, zone, zone. But I think
they're starting to get to know us better and we're getting to know them and so
they're seeing we can be successful doing both."

Knapp said outside zone plays accounted for much of the fourth-quarter yardage,
and his hope against Tampa Bay is to get the steady gains going earlier.

"I would like to have a little more consistency on the three- to six-yard gains
throughout the half," Knapp said. "But I was glad the guys stayed patient up
front. I kept reminding them, 'Hey, we're going to stay with this. The score
says it's OK. We're going to stay patient with our game."

No changes as the Raiders finished warm-ups and drills and began team sessions
at practice Friday. Shawntae Spencer (foot) and Khalif Barnes (groin) will both
be ruled out, and they'll probably be joined by linebacker and special teams
player Keenan Clayton (shoulder).

Linebacker Aaron Curry continues to practice but does not appear to be in the
mix in terms of playing time this week. A decision on Curry's status must be
made on Wednesday. He must be placed on the 53-man roster, placed on injured
reserve (ending his season) or released.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Oakland Raiders kickoff returner Mike Goodson (25) runs back the
opening kickoff of the second half against the Jacksonville Jaguars in an NFL
football game, Sunday, Oct. 21, 2012 at the O.co Coliseum in Oakland, Calif. (D.
Ross Cameron/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                           February 28, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Stanford accused in Ponzi scheme

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 263  words

DATELINE: HOUSTON


U.S. securities regulators on Friday accused Texas billionaire Allen Stanford,
his college roommate and three of their companies of carrying out a "massive
Ponzi scheme" over at least a decade and misappropriating at least $1US.6
billion of investors' money.

Meanwhile, a Houston judge ruled on Friday that Laura Pendergest-Holt, the only
person arrested in the $8 billion Stanford fraud investigation, could walk free
after she posted a $300,000 bond.

In an amended complaint filed in a federal court in Dallas, the Securities and
Exchange Commission increased its civil charges against Stanford to include a
Ponzi scheme where early investors are paid with the money of new clients. Along
with his former Baylor University roommate James Davis, the 58-year-old golf,
cricket and polo promoter "misappropriated billions of dollars of investor funds
and falsified" financial statements issued by Antigua-based Stanford
International Bank, the SEC charged.

Stanford and Davis could not be reached immediately for comment and have yet to
name their legal representatives in the case. The company is directing all
inquiries to the SEC.

It was the second high-profile alleged Ponzi scheme revealed by U.S. regulators,
after charges that Wall Street veteran Bernard Madoff carried out a $50 billion
fraud that allegedly involved a giant Ponzi scheme.

In the amended complaint, the SEC alleged that by February, Stanford and Davis
-- who have not been charged with criminal wrongdoing -- had misappropriated at
least $1.6 billion in investor money through "bogus personal loans" to Stanford.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            October 28, 2014 Tuesday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Federal fraud convictions of 2 linked to Amherst Ponzi scheme upheld

BYLINE: Matt Gryta; News Staff Reporter

SECTION: D,D; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 334 words


The conspiracy and mail-fraud convictions of Ian Campbell Gent and James F.
Lagona, both linked to the former M-One Financial and Watermark Financial
Services Group of Amherst, were upheld by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd
Circuit in New York City, the Buffalo-based U.S. Attorney's Office of the
Western District of New York announced Monday.

The appeals tribunal rejected the claims of the two that there was insufficient
evidence that they had an intent to defraud and knowledge of the Ponzi scheme
run by Guy W. Gane.

Lagona, now 53, has been serving an 11-year prison term since 2011. Gent, now
72, is serving an eight-year term that began in 2011. Gent's sentence was sent
back to the U.S. District Court in Buffalo on sentencing guideline issues that
the New York City court held needed further clarification.

Gane, now 59, was convicted in December 2010 and sentenced to 13 years in prison
for what federal authorities denounced as a Ponzi scheme that cheated 90
victims, many retired, in Amherst until May 2008, when federal agents and the
Securities and Exchange Commission raided the firm, which was linked to a
criminal scheme involving the promise of high returns on "debenture" investments
or "promissory notes."

The appeals court found that Gent and Lagona had intent to defraud and knew of
Gane's illegal scheme, citing Lagona's work "actively" preparing debenture
papers after becoming aware that payments to investors of previously issued
debentures were due but could not be paid as promised.

The New York court also cited Gent's knowledge that Gane's firm was "bleeding
money" in its last years and paying new investors back with prior investors'
money. The trial of Gent and Lagona was handled by Assistant U.S. Attorney
Gretchen L. Wylegala and the government was represented before the New York City
appeals court by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph J. Karaszewski. Attorneys for
Gent and Lagona could not be reached to comment about a last-ditch appeal to the
U.S. Supreme Court.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 16, 2012 Sunday

Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa, Jim Offner column

BYLINE: Jim Offner, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 606 words


Dec. 16--The $1 million auction of Russell Wasendorf Sr.'s and Peregrine
Financial Group Inc.'s property came, coincidentally, near the fourth
anniversary of the Dec. 11, 2008, arrest of Ponzi scheme kingpin Bernard Madoff.

Media organizations across the U.S. have referred to Wasendorf as the "Madoff of
the Midwest."

Indeed, the Madoff scheme seemed to open up gates to a series of investor frauds
that deepened the recession of 2008.

However, in pure financial terms, however, the two are like comparing apples
and, well, very large apples.

Madoff's bogus investment business, Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC,
took thousands of investors for an estimated $17.5 billion. Madoff, now 74,
pleaded guilty and is currently serving a 150-year prison sentence at Butner
Medium Federal Correctional Institution in North Carolina.

Wasendorf, 65, made a guilty plea to swindling customers of PFG, his
commodity-trading business, out of more than $200 million. Wasendorf is in
custody in Cedar Rapids awaiting sentencing.

But how similar are the Wasendorf and Madoff cases?

That question was put to Christopher Markowski, financial analyst and host of
syndicated radio show "The Watchdog on Wall Street," last week.

He said the cases share the same basic ingredients that drive all scams.

"Greed and fear," Markowski said, are two tools scam artists employ to lure
their victims. "I've always said financial con artists are the world's
second-oldest profession, and you know what the oldest is. You hit their greed
buttons in the right way or find a way to scare them. Once you have them in that
belief system, it's all over for them."

The size and scope of the Madoff case dwarfs what happened with PFG, Markowski
said.

"Bernie Madoff was able to do something a little different because he was in New
York City and had connections in high places," Markowski said. "He was so well
connected and involved in the community with regard to charities he was involved
in, nobody wanted to believe he was a bad guy. These people can keep this stuff
going for a long time, based on the aura or shell they put around them."

Markowski said Wasendorf had the same aura working for him in the Cedar Valley.

"In regards to his position in the community, people are looking at the stuff he
had, the charity events he went to, his involvement in the community, and people
put him on pedestal," Markowski said. "It's a lesson that people need to look
into these things to a much greater degree."

Some reports estimate that Madoff's victims have recouped as much as $9 billion.
While Wasensdorf's recent auction raised $1 million for his approximately 25,000
creditors, Markowski said investors likely won't get much of their money back.

"I think a lot of the money is just gone," Markowski said.

In terms of the commodities-trading business, the PFG debacle is a blip,
compared to brokerage MF Global, which cost its investors an estimated $1.6
billion, according to Markowski.

The Internet is loaded with lists of "rogue" financial scammers, dating back to
the eponymous Carlo Ponzi, an Italian immigrant who made a fortune by defrauding
investors until he was caught in the 1920s.

Where does Wasendorf rank?

"He's a mid-level guy," Markowski said.

The lesson to be learned is that everything of value requires time and effort,
Markowski said.

"If you go in knowing that, you may not fall victim to people who promise the
sun, the moon and the stars and all these wonderful investment ideas," he said.

___ (c)2012 Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier (Waterloo, Iowa) Visit Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier (Waterloo, Iowa) at www.wcfcourier.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20121216-OO-Waterloo-Cedar-Falls-Courier-Iowa-Jim-Offner-column-1216-20121216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2012 Waterloo Courier


                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 12, 2011 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Social Security has funding woes, but it's far from a 'Ponzi scheme'

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 630 words


As government programs go, Social Security is enormously popular, one supported
by all presidents of both parties since its founding in 1935. It is the main
reason that the percentage of seniors in poverty has dropped to roughly 10% from
what many experts believe was more than 50% during the Great Depression. About
90% of voters of both parties say it has been very good or good for the country.
The great bulk of Americans are no more interested in debating the utility and
constitutionality of Social Security than they are in debating who won World War
II or whether man really landed on the moon in 1969.

All of which makes Texas Gov. Rick Perry's views on Social Security both curious
and troubling. At last Wednesday's debate among Republican presidential
candidates, he reiterated his view that the program is a "Ponzi scheme" and
"monstrous lie." In previous appearances and in his writings, Perry -- who is
leading recent polls of Republican voters -- has also called Social Security a
failure and suggested it runs contrary to important constitutional principles.

A Ponzi scheme? A failure? A lie? Really?

Yes, Social Security has major funding problems. It  pays out more in benefits
than it takes in, and the gap will grow steadily worse as Baby Boomers retire.
To that extent, Perry has a point. Congress, under both Republican and
Democratic control, has been negligent in making necessary adjustments to
bolster Social Security's balance sheet for the long term. But the program's
problems are largely the result of people living longer, and therefore
collecting more in benefits, rather than some inherent structural shortcoming or
constitutional failing.

Social Security is most certainly not a Ponzi scheme, which is an undertaking
designed to swindle people out of their money by using incoming revenue to
produce bogus investment returns to attract more money (see Ponzi, Charles and
Madoff, Bernard).

Ponzi schemes have two salient features. First, they are criminal enterprises,
which Social Security is not. Second, they work only until people get wind of
what is going on, at which point they inevitably collapse. Social Security's
finances are plainly visible for all to see. The imbalances emerging now are a
surprise to no one, and modest adjustments in tax rates, benefit formulas and
the retirement age can ensure the program's viability for generations to come.

Perry is playing to fears among younger voters that Social Security won't be
around for them; polls have shown that more than 60% over those under 30 don't
expect to collect. But even if nothing is done, the program could still pay
about three-quarters of promised benefits at mid-century.

Perry has not made clear what he'd do with Social Security if elected president.
Perhaps we'll hear more at tonight's Republican debate in Florida, a hotbed of
support for the program. In the past, Perry has pointed to some kind of state or
local opt-out, at least for government workers. But, like the other major
contenders, he has not fleshed out a comprehensive plan.

Whatever changes he does propose, be they modest or dramatic, overheated
rhetoric  only cast Perry as one more loud, stubborn voice -- obviously not the
cure for what ails Washington. By contrast, former president George W. Bush put
forth solidly Republican ideas on Social Security overhaul while showing  a
healthy respect for the program and the problems that it solved.

If Perry or another GOP candidate prevails in 2012, it will be more from
President Obama's inability to lift the economy out of the doldrums than to some
supposed  desire on the part of the American public to rethink the long-standing
national consensus on Social Security.  The rethinking that needs to take place
is in the governor's campaign headquarters.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Veronica Salazar, USA TODAY (Bar graph)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             March 1, 2005 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Cheat's gone, but name lives on

BYLINE: Al Lewis Denver Post Staff Columnist

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 678 words


Thursday should be Charlie Ponzi Day.

Throughout history, financial schemers have come and gone, but only Ponzi - born
March 3, 1882 - has a scam named after him. If we marked his birthday, maybe
there wouldn't be so many Ponzi schemes parting fools from their money.

"It's still the scheme du jour," said Colorado Securities Commissioner Fred
Joseph. "A lot of things we run into are Ponzi schemes."

Ponzi schemes are childishly simple. Perpetrators typically promise to quickly
double investors' money. The perps then make good on these promises to early
investors, who are easily conned into reinvesting and telling their friends to
invest as well. New money goes to pay off old investors as the Ponzi artists
skim the pot until the inevitable collapse. It happens everywhere:

Keith Nordick, 42, who lived in Mexico and Canada, was sentenced last week to
more than five years in prison for his role in the Tri-West Investment Club. The
club lured investors over the Internet with promises of 120 percent annualized
returns. It cheated 15,000 people out of nearly $60 million.

In Florida, a federal judged ordered Fort Lauderdale-based Mutual Benefits Corp.
to return $105 million to investors. Authorities allege the company was running
a Ponzi scheme that involved life insurance policies.

In Colorado, federal authorities are putting the historic Redstone Castle up for
auction March 19 to recoup investor losses. The castle's former owners are
accused of running an international Ponzi scheme that bilked 1,000 victims out
of $56 million.

Cherry Creek Financial adviser Will Hoover is serving a 100-year prison
sentence, convicted of fraud connected to a Ponzi scheme. Charles Pruitt, 48,
founder of Denver-based Energy Group Co. Inc., sold interests in oil and gas
wells that he didn't own. He's now serving 12 years in prison.

Typically, these frauds require a charmer with remarkable sales skills. Someone
who smiles at adversity and oozes confidence to the point of being delusional.
Someone like Charlie Ponzi.

Ponzi's father was an Italian army general who sent him to a French boarding
school. There, he cultivated aristocratic airs. Ponzi stood only 5-feet-2 but
wore expensive suits and swung a gold-headed cane as he strode the streets of
Boston in 1920.

Ponzi claimed to have found a way to profit from trading international coupons
for postage stamps. He promised to pay investors 50 percent interest within 45
days. After he paid his first round of investors, tens of thousands of others
wanted in. The money poured in so fast, Ponzi's employees collected it in
wastepaper baskets. The scheme took in an estimated $15 million - about $150
million in today's dollars.

Ponzi bought a mansion, jewels for his wife and a limousine. He got fat lines of
credit from banks. He even acquired a controlling interest in the Hanover Trust
Co. with $3 million in a suitcase.

Ponzi was so convincing that even police who examined his company decided to
invest. A Boston newspaper pointed out that Ponzi's claims didn't add up - you
can't make millions trading stamps for pennies. But for a time, Ponzi always
paid. So Bostonians cheered him and booed the newspaper.

Later, Boston newspapers reported that Ponzi had run a similar scam in Montreal
and had been sentenced to 20 months in prison for forgery. Ponzi insisted the
story was false. But by then, his scheme was collapsing.

Ponzi went to prison again. Upon release, he ran a swampland scam in Florida. He
was deported to Italy. Benito Mussolini gave Ponzi a treasury job, believing
Ponzi to be an international banker. Later, Ponzi worked for an Italian airline
that flew to Brazil. There, he demanded bribes from people smuggling money. But
it was never enough.

Ponzi spent his last months as a charity patient in a Rio de Janeiro hospital.
He died in 1949. But he must have known he'd earned his place in history.

In one of the last photos taken of Ponzi, he is propped up in his hospital bed.
And he is smiling.

Al Lewis' column appears Sundays, Tuesdays and Fridays. Reach him at
303-820-1967 or alewis@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               paymentssource.com

                             August 17, 2015 Monday

Indictments Pending in Bitcoin Laundering Scheme at Tiny CU

BYLINE: Palash Ghosh

SECTION: REGULATION & COMPLIANCE Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 665  words


Indictments are still pending in the case of an alleged Bitcoin money laundering
scheme involving a tiny low-income credit union in New Jersey.

One of the men charged in the scheme, Florida resident Anthony Murgio, appeared
in a federal court in New York last week. However, according to a spokesman for
the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, Murgio did not
have to enter a plea, since he has not been officially indicted yet.

Murgio's attorney, Tampa-based Gregory Kehoe, said that was because his client
was only making an "initial appearance" at the court.

The spokesman at the US Attorney's Office also said Murgio's next hearing is
scheduled for Sept. 9, but the defendant is not required to appear.

Murgio reportedly remains free on $100,000 bail.

Murgio and another defendant Yuri Lebedev ran a Bitcoin exchange through a phony
front-company and a small New Jersey credit union that Murgio took control of
for the scheme. That credit union was identified as Helping Other People Excel
(HOPE) Federal Credit Union, a $291,000 institution based in Jackson, N.J.

A spokesman for HOPE FCU would not comment on the ongoing case.

Murgio and Lebedev, who are represented by different attorneys, are charged in
separate complaints, but it hasn't been determined if they'll be tried
separately or not, added the spokesman for the US Attorney's Office.

The FBI alleges that since at least late 2013, Murgio and Lebedev operated
Coin.mx, a Bitcoin exchange service that enabled co-conspirators and customers
to pay a fee to exchange cash for Bitcoins.

"In doing so," the FBI stated in a release, "they knowingly exchanged cash for
people whom they believed may be engaging in criminal activity." The duo are
also said to have exchanged cash for Bitcoins for victims of cyber-attacks
involving ransom money.

Murgio and Lebedev "knowingly enabled the criminals responsible for those
attacks to receive the proceeds of their crimes, yet, in violation of federal
anti-money laundering laws, Murgio never filed any suspicious activity reports
regarding any of the transactions."

Both men are charged with conspiracy to operate an unlicensed money transmitting
business and operating an unlicensed money transmitting business, each of which
carries a maximum five-year prison sentence. Murgio has also been charged with
money laundering - a maximum 20-year sentence - and willful failure to file a
suspicious activity report, which carries a maximum five-year sentence.

Coin.mx exchanged at least $1.8 million for customers between October 2013 and
January 2015, along with transferring hundreds of thousands of dollars to
accounts in Cyprus, Eastern Europe and Hong Kong, along with receiving hundreds
of thousands of dollars from bank accounts in Cyprus and the British Virgin
Islands.

In order to evade potential scrutiny, the FBI said Murgio obtained beneficial
control of HOPE FCU, a credit union with about 100 members, serving primarily
low-income residents. Murgio is alleged to have installed Lebedev and others on
the CU's board and transferred Coin.mx's banking operations to the CU, which
served as a captive for their business until early this year.

Also, according to the FBI, the NCUA discovered in early 2015 that substantial
payment processing activity was being run through the credit union and HOPE was
forced to stop that activity. Murgio then found other overseas payment channels.

Lebedev's LinkedIn account states that he is currently employed as a "principal
software architect" for a company called BigTree Solutions based in the
Tampa/St. Petersburg, Fla., area. Prior to that, he is listed as "lead java
architect" at HOPE FCU from October 2014 to January 2015.

Murgio's LinkedIn account noted that he is a former owner of a restaurant in
Tallahassee, Fla., as well as a "property management system" called
InstaManager.com.

According to the Florida Department of Revenue, in January 2013, Murgio was
arrested for failing to pay more than $110,000 in sales taxes.

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PAYMENTSSOURCE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                              May 10, 2009 Sunday

ARUNDEL DIGEST

SECTION: ARUNDELREPORT; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 547  words


Man gets prison for theft scheme

BALTIMORE - A Glen Burnie man was sentenced in federal court Friday to more than
five years in prison for his part in an identity-theft scheme that netted over
$1.1 million in cash, goods and services.

Leland Glaze, 33, pleaded guilty to bank fraud and aggravated identity theft as
part of a plea agreement.

According to court documents, Glaze and at least four other people stole
identities and opened credit cards under other people's names between March 2004
to January 2006.

As a result of the scheme, Glaze and his co-conspirators fraudulently had access
to more than $1,115,000 in credit and fraudulently obtained more than $260,000
worth of goods and services.

Glaze was the third Glen Burnie resident convicted in connection with the scheme
. Jennifer Carol Garnsey, 37, pleaded guilty to bank fraud and aggravated
identity theft and was sentenced on April 24 to 65 months in prison. Tymetria
Queen, 25, pleaded guilty to lesser charges and is still awaiting sentencing.

U.S. District Judge J. Frederick Motz sentenced Glaze to 65 months in federal
prison and ordered him to pay $260,474 in restitution.

Pay raises, election on city's agenda

ANNAPOLIS - The City Council is expected to tackle a number of issues tomorrow,
including a recommendation on pay raises for elected officials and a proposed
charter amendment that would delay city elections for a year.

A council-appointed commission recommended that the mayor's salary be increased
from $70,000 to $120,000. Aldermen's salaries would increase from $12,600 to
$18,500.

Other matters on tomorrow's agenda include:

A first reading on a measure that would amend the City Charter to move this
fall's mayoral and aldermanic elections to 2010. It would, in effect, extend the
current terms of the mayor and council by one year. The proposal would allow the
city elections to coincide continually with county, state and federal elections.

A first reading on a new comprehensive plan.

The proposed annexation of Annapolis Golf Club.

A second reading on a bill concerning leases of City Dock space to Chesapeake
Marine Tours and Race Across America.

A second reading on a bill concerning a federal carbon tax-and-dividend program.

A first reading on a bill concerning the Maryland Theatre for the Performing
Arts at Park Place.

The meeting will begin at 7 p.m. tomorrow at City Hall, 160 Duke of Gloucester
St.

Residents have say on county budget

ANNAPOLIS - Two public hearings will be held this week on the proposed $1.17
billion Anne Arundel County operating budget for expenses and the $217 million
capital budget for construction projects, including schools.

Residents can use the forums to tell the County Council what they think about
the millions of dollars in cuts to county departments, about the level of
funding for schools, about proposed construction projects or any other topic
related to the county's spending plan.

The first hearing will be at 7 p.m. tomorrow at Old Mill High School, 600
Patriot Lane in Millersville. A second hearing will be held at 7 p.m. Wednesday
at the Arundel Center, 44 Calvert Street in Annapolis. Residents, who will get
two minutes to speak, must sign up.

For more information, contact administrators for the County Council at
410-222-1401.

- From staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 27, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

THE ONLY FEASIBLE MX DEPLOYMENT PLAN

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 279 words


To the Editor:

The United States is going to endorse the MX ICBM system, deployed in multiple
protective structures in Utah and Nevada, for the simple reason that no one -
not even Richard Garwin (letter April 16) or Russell Baker (column April 25) -
has any better alternative to offer.

he quality of deterrent threat that we pose the Soviets requires the distinctive
characteristics of an ICBM force (accuracy, reliability/readiness, secure
command and control). They cannot be replicated at sea or in the air -
notwithstanding Mr. Garwin's claims. MX deployment in Utah and Nevada is the
least environmentally damaging of all land-based deployment schemes, consistent
with the strategic integrity of the MX system.

The American public should realize that there are no good alternatives to the
currently proposed MX deployment scheme. Mr.  Garwin's small-submarine scheme is
a total loser in terms of cost, lead time and operational details. Air mobility
is vastly too expensive, is strategically unsound (because it is dependent on
tactical warning for survival) and is much too expensive, while other schemes,
similarly, have obvious major deficiencies.

The American public is not being challenged to ''like'' MX deployment in
Utah-Nevada; rather, it is being advised that to date there are no alternative
schemes with real merit.  COLIN S. GRAY Director of National Security Studies
Hudson Institute Croton-on-Hudson, N.Y., May 18, 1981

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company
